--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 34 
571-272-7822 
Entered: April 15, 2026 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
ILLUMINA, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
MOLECULAR LOOP BIOSCIENCES, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
 
Before ANNETTE R. REIMERS, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and 
ZHENYU YANG, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
1 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. BACKGROUND AND SUMMARY 
Illumina, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 1, “Petition” or 
“Pet.”) seeking inter partes review of claims 1–9 of U.S. Patent 
No. 11,840,730 B1 (Ex. 1001, “the ’730 patent”). Molecular Loop 
Biosciences, Inc. (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response to the 
Petition. Paper 6 (“Preliminary Response” or “Prelim. Resp.”). On 
April 25, 2025, we granted institution of an inter partes review of 
claims 1–9 of the ’730 patent on all grounds set forth in the Petition. 
Paper 10 (“Institution Decision” or “Dec.”). 
During trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response, (Paper 18 
(“Response” or “PO Resp.”)), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 25 (“Reply”)), 
and Patent Owner filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 27 (“Sur-Reply”)). We held an 
oral hearing on January 29, 2026, and a transcript of that hearing is of 
record. Paper 33 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). This is a Final Written 
Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) as to the patentability of claims 1–9. 
After considering the full record developed through trial, we determine as 
set forth below that Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that any of challenged claims 1–9 are unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. 
§ 316(e). 
B. REAL PARTIES IN INTEREST 
Petitioner identifies Illumina, Inc., as its real party-in-interest. Pet. 10. 
Patent Owner identifies Molecular Loop Biosciences, Inc. as its real party-
in-interest. Paper 3, 1. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
2 
 
C. RELATED MATTERS 
The parties indicate that the ’730 patent is involved in Molecular 
Loop Biosciences, Inc. v. Illumina, Inc. et al., No. 1:24-cv-00680 (D. Del.), 
filed June 10, 2024, which the parties indicate is currently pending. Pet. 10–
11; Paper 3, 1. The parties also report that the ’730 Patent was previously 
involved in Illumina, Inc. et al. v. Molecular Loop Biosciences, Inc., No. 
1:24-cv-11501 (D. Mass.). Paper 8, 1; Paper 9, 1–2. 
D. THE ’730 PATENT (EX. 1001) 
The ’730 patent is titled “Methods and Compositions for Evaluating 
Genetic Markers.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’730 patent is directed to 
methods and compositions for determining genotypes in patient samples. Id. 
at 1:13–14. 
The ’730 patent discusses solving the problems of systematic and 
random error that are associated with genome amplification and sequencing 
library construction techniques. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 27:45–30:47. 
Specifically, the ’730 patent states: 
In certain embodiments, the disclosure provides 
preparative methods for capturing target nucleic acids (e.g., 
genetic loci) that involve the use of differentiator tag sequences 
to uniquely tag individual nucleic acid molecules. In some 
embodiments, the differentiator tag sequence permits the 
detection of bias based on the frequency with which pairs of 
differentiator tag and target sequences are observed in a 
sequencing reaction. In other embodiments, the methods 
reduce errors caused by bias, or the risk of bias, associated with 
the capture, amplification and sequencing of genetic loci, e.g. 
for diagnostic purposes. 
Id. at 28:1–24. 
These unique differentiator tag sequences are described in the ’730 
patent as 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
3 
 
useful to distinguish independent target molecules from each 
other thereby allowing an analysis to be based on a known 
number of individual target molecules. For example, if each of 
a plurality of target molecule sequences obtained in an assay is 
associated with a different differentiator tag, then the target 
sequences can be considered to be independent of each other 
and a genotype likelihood can be determined based on this 
information. In contrast, if each of the plurality of target 
molecule sequences obtained in the assay is associated with the 
same differentiator tag, then they probably all originated from 
the same target molecule due to overrepresentation (e.g., due to 
biased amplification) of this target molecule in the assay. 
Ex. 1001, 28:29–42. 
The ’730 patent further describes these unique differentiator tag 
sequences as follows: 
As used herein, a “differentiator tag sequence” is a 
sequence of a nucleic acid (a preparative nucleic acid), which in 
the context of a plurality of different isolated nucleic acids, 
identifies a unique, independently isolated nucleic acid. 
Typically, differentiator tag sequences are used to identify the 
origin of a target nucleic acid at one or more stages of a nucleic 
acid preparative method. For example, in the context of a 
multiplex nucleic acid capture reaction, differentiator tag 
sequences provide a basis for differentiating between multiple 
independent, target nucleic acid capture events. Also, in the 
context of a multiplex nucleic acid amplification reaction, 
differentiator tag sequences provide a basis for differentiating 
between multiple independent, primary amplicons of a target 
nucleic acid, for example. Thus, combinations of target nucleic 
acid and differentiator tag sequence (target:differentiator tag 
sequences) of an isolated nucleic acid of a preparative methods 
provide a basis for identifying unique, independently isolated 
target nucleic acids. 
Ex. 1001, 28:53–29:4. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
4 
 
E. THE CHALLENGED CLAIMS 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–9 of the ’730 patent. Pet. 1. Claims 1 
and 9 are independent. Claim 1 is representative and is reproduced below: 
1. A method for correcting for errors or bias introduced 
during nucleic acid analysis workflow, the method comprising 
the steps of: 
obtaining a biological sample comprising a plurality of 
target nucleic acid molecules from more than one locus of 
origin; 
introducing a set of differentiator tags, wherein members of 
said set of differentiator tags are associated with members of 
said plurality, such that one or more of said loci of origin are 
associated with more than one differentiator tag; 
amplifying each of the plurality of tagged target nucleic acid 
molecules to generate amplicons; 
sequencing the amplicons, obtained in said amplifying 
step to obtain sequence reads of each of the amplicons, wherein 
each of the sequence reads comprises a target nucleic acid 
molecule sequence and a differentiator tag sequence; and 
correcting for error or bias introduced during said 
workflow by collapsing target:differentiator tag combinations 
observed more than once into a single count. 
Ex. 1001, 131:28–49. 
Claim 9 claims a method for correcting for errors or bias introduced 
during nucleic acid analysis workflow that is similar to claim 1, but 
explicitly requires “unique” differentiator tags that “are randomly associated 
with members of said plurality of target nucleic acid molecules, such that 
any given tag is uniquely associated with said locus of origin.” Ex. 1001, 
132:44–48. 
The correcting for error or bias step of claim 9 is also different from 
claim 1. Claim 9 requires that the correction is accomplished by 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
5 
 
“recognizing target/differentiator tags having the same sequence as being 
derived from the same input molecule.” Ex. 1001, 132, 56–59. 
F. EVIDENCE 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following: 
Ex. 1010, Chee, US 9,085,798 B2, issued July 21, 2015 
(“Chee”). 
Ex. 1015, Gahan et al., Circulating Nucleic Acids in Plasma 
and Serum, ANN. N.Y. ACAD. SCI. 1137:1–6 (2008) (“Gahan”). 
Ex. 1013, Bignell et al., US 8,053,192 B2, issued Nov. 8, 2011 
(“Bignell”). 
Ex. 1012, McCloskey et al., US 2007/0020640 A1, published 
Jan. 25, 2007 (“McCloskey”). 
Ex. 1017, Bentley, Whole-genome re-sequencing, Current 
Opinion in 16 GENETICS & DEVELOPMENT 545–52 (2006) 
(“Bentley”). 
Ex. 1033, Chiang et al., High-resolution mapping of copy-
number alterations with massively parallel sequencing, 
6 NATURE METHODS 99–103 (2009) (“Chiang”). 
Petitioner also relies on Declarations of Stacey Gabriel, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 1005; Ex. 1065) to support its contentions. 
Patent Owner relies on Declarations of Gregory Porreca, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2004); Patrick R.H. Waller, Ph.D. (Ex. 2005); and Joseph G. Puglisi, 
Ph.D. (Ex. 2023) to support its contentions. 
G. ASSERTED GROUNDS OF UNPATENTABILITY 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–9 would have been unpatentable on the 
following grounds: 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
6 
 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §1 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–4, 9 
102 
Chee 
2 
1–4, 7, 9 
103(a) 
Chee 
3 
5, 6, 8 
103(a) 
Chee, Gahan 
4 
1, 4–6, 9 
103(a) 
Bignell, McCloskey 
5 
2–3 
103(a) 
Bignell, McCloskey, Bentley 
6 
6, 8 
103(a) 
Bignell, McCloskey, Gahan 
7 
7 
103(a) 
Bignell, McCloskey, Chiang 
H. CLAIM CONSTRUCTION 
The challenged claims should be read in light of the Specification, as 
it would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Suitco 
Surface, Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally 
give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re 
Translogic Tech., Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary 
and customary meaning is the meaning that the term would have to a person 
of ordinary skill in the art in question.” (internal quotation marks omitted)); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs 
according to the same standard as used in federal court). 
Petitioner provides express constructions for three claim phrases: “set 
of differentiator tags,” “set of unique differentiator tags,” “locus of origin,” 
and “consensus base call.” See Pet. 15–20. Patent Owner does not dispute 
directly Petitioner’s proposed constructions. See generally PO Resp. By 
virtue of its arguments against Petitioner’s grounds of unpatentability, 
however, Patent Owner provides its interpretation of “collapsing 
 
1 Because the ’730 patent has an earliest possible effective filing date before 
March 16, 2013, it is not subject to the post-grant review provisions of the 
America Invents Act. See The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. 
No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 (“AIA”) § (3)(n)(1)(A) (2011). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
7 
 
target:differentiator tag combinations observed more than once into a single 
count” as recited in claim 1 (the “collapsing step”) and “determining a 
consensus base call for the target nucleic acid molecule sequences” as 
recited in claim 2 (the “determining step”). PO Resp. 42–45. 
We address the construction of these claim limitations below and 
address the “consensus base call” claim term in the context of the 
“determining step” of claim 2. Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad 
Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“[W]e need only 
construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and only to the extent necessary to 
resolve the controversy.’” (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, 
Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
1. “Set of [Unique] Differentiator Tags” 
Petitioner asserts that both “set of differentiator tags” as used in 
claim 1 and “set of unique differentiator tags” as used in claim 9 should be 
given the same construction—“set of prepared tags where each tag includes 
a unique sequence as compared to the other tags.” See Pet. 16 (citing 
Ex. 1005 ¶ 89; Ex. 1001, 28:25–29, 28:53–57). Petitioner further asserts 
that “[t]hese unique differentiator tags are associated with target nucleic 
acids so that each nucleic acid is uniquely identifiable.” Pet. 16. Petitioner 
also points to the prosecution history of the ’730 patent in which Petitioner 
asserts the Patent Owner argued and the Board acknowledged that each 
differentiator tag is unique. Id. at 16–17. Petitioner concludes that “[a]n 
interpretation of ‘differentiator tags’ to include non-unique tags is not 
possible, and if it were, Applicant disclaimed any interpretation that would 
allow non-unique tags.” Id. at 17. 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s construction. See 
generally PO Resp. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
8 
 
On the full record, we agree with Petitioner that both claim phrases, 
“set of differentiator tags” and “set of unique differentiator tags” should be 
construed to mean “set of prepared tags where each tag includes a unique 
sequence as compared to other tags.” Petitioner has provided sufficient 
support for such a construction in the Specification of the ’730 patent as set 
forth below. 
For instance, Petitioner points us to an express definition that links 
uniqueness with “differentiator tag,” which states: 
[A] “differentiator tag sequence” is a sequence of a nucleic acid 
(preparative nucleic acid), which in the context of a plurality of 
different isolated nucleic acids, identifies a unique, 
independently isolated nucleic acid. 
Ex. 1001, 28:53–57 (emphasis added). Petitioner also points us to the 
statement that “[a]spects of the invention relate to associating unique 
sequence tags (referred to as differentiator tag sequences) with individual 
target molecules that are independently captured and/or analyzed (e.g., prior 
to amplification or other process that may introduce bias).” Ex. 1001, 
28:25–29 (emphasis added). 
2. “Locus of Origin” 
Both independent claims 1 and 9 use the term “locus of origin.” See 
Ex. 1001, 131:28–49, 132:38–59. Petitioner asserts that this term should be 
construed to mean “the location in a genome where a nucleic acid came 
from.” Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶ 96). Petitioner explains that Patent Owner 
added this term to clarify “that each molecule in the starting sample was 
associated with a different unique differentiator tag, even if multiple 
molecules were from the same genetic locus of origin.” Pet. 18–19 (citing 
Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 100–01). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
9 
 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s construction. See 
generally PO Resp. 
Dr. Gabriel testifies that “[i]n the field of genetics, a ‘locus’ refers to a 
fixed location on a chromosome which contains a gene or other genetic 
marker.” Ex. 1005 ¶ 96. Dr. Gabriel further testifies that “[a] POSA would 
have understood that the ‘locus of origin’ of a nucleic acid refers to the 
location on a chromosome which contains the sequence that encodes for a 
given nucleic acid molecule.” Id. ¶ 98. 
Dr. Gabriel points to statements in the Specification of the ’730 patent 
that are consistent with her construction of “locus of origin.” See Ex. 1005 
¶¶ 96–97. For instance, the ’730 Specification “describes a genetic loci as a 
location on the genome that can correspond to heritable disorder,” and 
“provides examples of genetic loci in Table 1.” Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 3:2–20, 
3:43–47, 66:3–11, 31:50–42:12 (Table 1)). We also note that the ’730 patent 
defines a “target nucleic acid” as a genetic locus. See Ex. 1001, 24:2–3. 
On the full record, we credit Dr. Gabriel’s testimony and determine 
that “locus of origin” refers to the location in a genome where a nucleic acid 
came from. 
3. The “Collapsing” and “Determining” Steps 
Patent Owner appears to accept Petitioner’s construction of 
“consensus base call” as “using multiple sequencing reads of the same 
molecule to determine the nucleotide (base) at each position of a sequence,” 
PO Resp. 42 (citing Pet. 19), but states that “even under that interpretation, 
as the ’730 Patent explains, ‘collapsing’ is directed toward fixing 
quantitative errors and is a different step distinct from determining a 
‘consensus base call,’ which is directed toward fixing sequence errors,” id. 
(citing Ex. 2024, 46:10–25). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
10 
 
The “collapsing step” of claim 1 recites “correcting for error or bias 
introduced during said workflow by collapsing target:differentiator tag 
combinations observed more than once into a single count.” Ex. 1001, 
131:46–48 (emphasis added). The “determining step” of claim 2 recites 
“determining a consensus base call for the target nucleic acid molecule 
sequences,” but performs “collapsing all sequence reads comprising a same 
differentiator tag into a single read,” before the “determining step.” Id. at 
131:49–53. Patent Owner proposes an interpretation of these “collapsing” 
and “determining” steps recited in claims 1 and 2 and asserts that they 
should be construed as distinct steps performed in a particular order in which 
the “collapsing step” is performed before the “determining step.” PO Resp. 
42–45. We agree. 
First, Patent Owner asserts a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood that the “collapsing step” of claim 1 is distinct from, and 
must occur before, the “determining step” of claim 2 based on the plain 
language of claims 1 and 2. PO Resp. 42–43. Patent Owner argues that the 
“collapsing step” and the “determining step” are distinct steps because 
claims 1 and 2 use different terms to describe these distinct steps that are 
performed sequentially according to the claim language. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1001, 131:47–54; Ex. 2023 ¶ 133; Ex. 2024, 57:11–58:22). More 
specifically, Patent Owner explains that claim 1 recites a “collapsing step,” 
followed by claim 2, which depends from claim 1 and refers to “collapsing” 
before “determining a consensus base call” such that “claim 2 describes 
determining a consensus base call from collapsed reads, not performing 
‘collapsing’ by determining a consensus base call.” Id. at 42 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 131:47–54). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
11 
 
Patent Owner argues the specification of the ’730 patent “explains that 
collapsing corrects for skewing, an issue related to over- or under-
amplification, which is a separate and distinct problem from the sequence 
errors that a consensus base call is designed to address.” Id. at 43 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 27:47–50, 32:29–34). Patent Owner contends further that 
“‘[c]ollapsing’ is a different step, performed separately from determining 
any consensus base call, to provide even greater accuracy when 
subsequently determining a consensus base call” such that “if one were to 
collapse by determining the consensus base call, errors from amplification 
bias could still be represented in the consensus base call generated.” Id. at 
43–44 (emphasis omitted, citing Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 134–37). 
Second, Patent Owner argues a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood that the “collapsing step” of claim 1 is distinct from 
the “determining step” based on the specification of the ’730 patent. 
PO Resp. 43–45. For example, Patent Owner explains that the specification 
states that “[f]or any target:differentiator tag combination observed more 
than once, all such reads are ‘collapsed’ into a single read before consensus 
basecalls are determined. This will cancel the effect of bias on consensus 
basecall accuracy.” Id. at 43 (emphasis omitted) (quoting Ex. 1001, 72:63–
73:5) (citing Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 133, 138–142). 
Moreover, Dr. Puglisi testifies that 
a consensus base call is performed on already-collapsed 
sequence reads. And for good reason – by performing the 
consensus base call on collapsed sequence reads to determine a 
sample’s genotype, amplification bias will be removed from 
consideration. Without collapsing, amplification bias errors 
(i.e., quantitative errors) would still be considered in the 
consensus base sequence. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
12 
 
Ex. 2023 ¶ 133 (emphasis omitted). Dr. Puglisi further explains that 
“[b]efore determining a sample’s genotype at a given locus by performing a 
consensus base call, the method of the ’730 patent uses the ‘collapsing’ step 
to ensure that any errors in amplification bias do not carry through and affect 
the subsequent analysis.” Id. ¶ 135 (citing Ex. 1001, 72:63–73:5). 
According to Dr. Puglisi, “[i]f the molecules with identical tag:combination 
sequences were not collapsed into one sequencing read before further 
analysis, the ’730 patent explains that considering sequence reads for all 
copies of a given original molecule could result in designating that locus 
with the wrong genotype.” Id.; see Ex. 1001, Fig. 5 (showing when over-or 
under-amplified and redundant sequence reads are not removed, “the skewed 
population of amplicons will result in generating a consensus base sequence 
using all amplicons and thus causing an incorrect genotype call.”). 
Petitioner does not dispute Patent Owner’s construction. See 
generally Reply. 
On review of the full record, we agree with Patent Owner that the 
“collapsing” and “determining” steps set forth in claims 1 and 2, 
respectively, are distinct from each other, and the “collapsing step” occurs 
before the “determining step.” Patent Owner’s proposed construction is 
consistent with the claim language and specification, and we credit Dr. 
Puglisi’s testimony as consistent with the record evidence. 
I. LEVEL OF ORDINARY SKILL IN THE ART 
Petitioner proposes that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA” 
or “POSITA”) at the time of the invention “would have had (i) a Ph.D. in 
molecular biology, genetics, bioinformatics, or a related field, and at least 
two years of experience in high-throughput sequencing technologies, or (ii) a 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
13 
 
Master’s degree in one of the same fields with at least four years of 
experience in high-throughput sequencing technologies,” with 
acknowledged flexibility in the varying combinations of education and 
practical experience. Pet. 10; Ex. 1005 ¶ 36. Petitioner states that a POSA 
“also commonly worked as part of an interdisciplinary team.” Id. 
Patent Owner disagrees with Petitioner’s proposal that a POSA must 
have commonly worked as part of an interdisciplinary team because 
Petitioner does not explain what is required for the interdisciplinary team or 
“why a Ph.D. or Master’s degree in the relevant fields combined with an 
appropriate level of experience in high-throughput sequencing technologies 
would not suffice.” PO Resp. 34. Petitioner does not respond to Patent 
Owner’s argument in the Reply. See generally Reply. 
On the full record, we adopt and apply Petitioner’s proposed level of 
ordinary skill because it does not appear to be inconsistent with the level of 
skill reflected in the asserted prior art. We do not interpret Petitioner’s 
statement that a POSA “also commonly worked as part of an 
interdisciplinary team,” however, as imposing a firm requirement that a 
POSA worked as part of an interdisciplinary team. We agree with Patent 
Owner that the statement is too vague to provide any guidance on the 
composition of such an interdisciplinary team. Accordingly, we do not 
consider the level of ordinary skill in the art to include any requirement that 
a POSA worked as part of an interdisciplinary team. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Introduction 
“In an inter partes review, the petitioner has the burden from the onset 
to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.” 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
14 
 
Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review petitions to 
identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the grounds for the 
challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never shifts to the 
patent owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 
F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). 
1. Prior Invention 
“To antedate (or establish priority) of an invention, a [patent owner] 
must show either an earlier reduction to practice, or an earlier conception 
followed by a diligent reduction to practice.” Purdue Pharma L.P. v. 
Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, 237 F.3d 1359, 1365 (Fed. Cir. 2001). 
“Conception is the formation, in the mind of the inventor, of a definite and 
permanent idea of the complete and operative invention, as it is thereafter to 
be applied in practice.” Cooper v. Goldfarb, 154 F.3d 1321, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 
1998). “A reduction to practice can be either a constructive reduction to 
practice, which occurs when a patent application is filed, or an actual 
reduction to practice.” Id. In order to establish an actual reduction to 
practice, the Patent Owner must establish that: (1) The inventors 
constructed an embodiment or performed a process that met all the 
limitations of the claimed invention; and (2) The inventors determined that 
the invention would work for its intended purpose. See id. 
If a patent owner has not shown actual reduction to practice prior to 
the “critical date” of a reference, the patent owner may nonetheless antedate 
the reference by establishing prior conception and reasonable diligence 
towards a reduction to practice. Purdue Pharma, 237 F.3d at 1365. 
“Reasonable diligence must be shown throughout the entire critical period, 
which begins just prior to the competing reference’s effective date and ends 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
15 
 
on the date of the invention’s reduction to practice.” Arctic Cat Inc. v. GEP 
Power Prods., Inc., 919 F.3d 1320, 1331 (2019). However, the “diligence 
need not be perfectly continuous—only reasonably continuous.” Id. 
As discussed above, in an inter partes review, 35 U.S.C. § 316(e) 
imposes the ultimate burden of persuasion to “prove unpatentability by a 
preponderance of the evidence” on the petitioner. This burden never shifts 
to the patent owner. Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 
F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). However, when the patent owner 
attempts to antedate the prior art, “[a] second and distinct burden, the burden 
of production” can shift between the petitioner and the patentee. Id. at 1379; 
see In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1375–76 (Fed. Cir. 
2016). Specifically, the patent owner “bears the burden of establishing that 
its claimed invention is entitled to an earlier priority date than an asserted 
prior art reference.” Magnum Oil Tools, 829 F.3d at 1375–76. Once the 
patent owner establishes it is entitled to an earlier priority date, the burden of 
production then shifts back to the petitioner “to convince the court that [the 
patent owner] is not entitled to the benefit” of the earlier priority date. 
Dynamic Drinkware, 800 F.3d at 1379 (citing Tech. Licensing Corp. v. 
Videotek, Inc., 545 F.3d 1316, 1328 (Fed. Cir. 2008)). 
2. Anticipation 
To show anticipation under § 102, each and every claim element, 
arranged as in the claim, must be found in a single prior art reference. Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2008). The prior 
art need not, however, use the same words as the claims in order to find 
anticipation. In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 1334 (Fed. Cir. 2009). It is also 
permissible to take into account not only the literal teachings of the prior art 
reference, but also the inferences an ordinarily skilled person would draw 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
16 
 
from the reference. Eli Lilly and Co. v. Los Angeles Biomedical Res. Inst. at 
Harbor-UCLA Med. Ctr., 849 F.3d 1073, 1074–75 (Fed. Cir. 2017); In re 
Preda, 401 F.2d 825, 826 (CCPA 1968). A reference may also anticipate a 
claim even if it does not expressly teach all the limitations arranged or 
combined as in the claim, “if a person of skill in the art, reading the 
reference, would ‘at once envisage’ the claimed arrangement or 
combination.” Microsoft Corp. v. Biscotti, Inc., 878 F.3d 1052, 1068 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017) (quoting Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 
1376, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
3. Obviousness 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the differences 
between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed 
invention as a whole would have been obvious before the effective filing 
date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to 
which the claimed invention pertains. See KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 
U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis 
of underlying factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of 
the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the 
prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence 
of nonobviousness, if any. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 
(1966). 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
17 
 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
Accordingly, a party that petitions the Board for a determination of 
unpatentability based on obviousness must show that “a skilled artisan 
would have been motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art 
references to achieve the claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so.” In re 
Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (internal 
quotation marks omitted). “Both the suggestion and the expectation of 
success must be founded in the prior art, not in the applicant’s disclosure.” 
In re Dow Chemical Co., 837 F.2d 469, 473 (Fed. Cir. 1988). 
An obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take 
account of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would employ.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418; see In re Translogic Tech, 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1259 (Fed. Cir. 2007). In KSR, the Supreme Court also 
stated that an invention may be found obvious if trying a course of conduct 
would have been obvious to a POSITA: 
When there is a design need or market pressure to solve a 
problem and there are a finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions, a person of ordinary skill has good reason to pursue 
the known options within his or her technical grasp. If this 
leads to the anticipated success, it is likely the product not of 
innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense. In that 
instance the fact that a combination was obvious to try might 
show that it was obvious under § 103. 
550 U.S. at 421. “KSR affirmed the logical inverse of this statement by 
stating that § 103 bars patentability unless ‘the improvement is more than 
the predictable use of prior art elements according to their established 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
18 
 
functions.’” In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1359–60 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
these principles to determine whether Petitioner has met its burden to 
establish unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence. 
B. SUMMARY OF THE CITED PRIOR ART 
1. Chee (Ex. 1010) 
Chee was filed on April 29, 2010, published on March 15, 2012, and 
issued on July 21, 2015. Ex. 1010, codes (22), (45), (65). Chee “relates to 
the field of oligonucleotide selection and synthetic biology and nucleotide 
determination.” Id. at 1:11–12. Chee recognizes that constructing multi-
kilobase scale DNA molecules is costly because “de-novo chemical 
synthesis of the DNA building blocks is quite error-prone.” Id. at 1:38–41. 
To solve this problem, Chee asserts that “[t]he present invention addresses 
this need by providing constructs, sets of constructs, and methods for 
ensuring accuracy of oligonucleotides having a desired sequence,” which 
Chee identifies as “regions of interest” or ROI. Id. at 1:55–58, 2:5–9. 
Chee further describes the invention as providing: 
A set of oligonucleotide constructs, where the constructs 
of the set comprise an ROI and an identifier unique to the 
individual construct. It is a fundamental element of the 
invention that the unique identifier is associated with a 
construct, not the ROI; thus, constructs with ROIs having the 
correct sequence can be differentiated from constructs having 
substantially the same ROI but containing errors. 
Ex. 1010, 2:21–28, 9:9–12 (“The constructs of the invention have a unique 
identifier associated with the initial construct, thus giving the ability to 
differentiate between constructs having substantially the same ROI.”). 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
19 
 
Chee further states: 
The unique identifiers associated with a particular ROI 
confirm that the amplification molecules are related, and thus 
sequence differences between molecules with the same ROI can 
be identified as technical errors rather than real differences in 
the sequence (e.g., sequence differences from two copies of a 
similar sequence in a sample). Furthermore, because molecules 
that are identical by descent can be identified, a consensus 
sequence can be determined using data from multiple 
molecules, thereby achieving a much higher accuracy rate than 
most conventional high throughput methods. 
Ex. 1010, 9:29–39. 
Chee concludes that “[t]he use of the uniquely identifiable constructs 
of the invention to ensure the determination, selection and/or isolation of 
error-free regions of interest (ROIs) are correct is extremely effective, and 
allows specific sequences to be selected with high accuracy and high 
throughput.” Ex. 1010, 2:9–14. 
2. McCloskey (Ex. 1012) 
McCloskey describes methods for verifying the authenticity of a 
nucleic acid molecule and its sequence using a molecular barcode and a 
batch-stamp, as well as authenticating nucleic acid amplification products 
such as polymerase chain reaction (“PCR”) products. Ex. 1012, Abstract, 
¶¶ 2–4. More specifically, McCloskey states: 
In the practice of the present invention nucleic acid 
molecules (e.g., genomic DNA fragments) are labeled with 
distinct sequence tags prior to PCR amplification. These 
sequence tags authenticate a nucleic acid sequence with 
information, such as the date of the experiment, and the sample 
identity. Thus, the present invention permits identification of 
valid sequences, and distinguishes the valid sequences from 
contaminants and redundant sequences arising from template 
re-cloning. Contaminant sequences can be identified even 
when multiple control (no DNA) PCR samples are negative. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
20 
 
Barcoding permits, for example, quantification of the relative 
abundance of genomic methylation patterns or polymorphic 
sequences by correcting for skewing that can arise from PCR 
amplification or the cloning of the products. 
Ex. 1012 ¶ 5. 
3. Bignell (Ex. 1013) 
Bignell describes an invention that “relates to methods for indexing 
samples during the sequencing of polynucleotide templates, resulting in the 
attachment of tags specific to the source of each nucleic acid sample such 
that after a sequencing run, both the source and sequence of each 
polynucleotide can be determined.” Ex. 1013, Abstract, 1:24–28. Bignell 
noted that it would be advantageous to genotype large populations in a small 
number of reactions, but be able to identify the source of the individual 
samples in those reactions to “yield the information content of a full non-
pooled population screen in the time and at the cost of a pooled reaction.” 
Id. at 2:3–8. Bignell states that to accomplish this, “DNA from more than 
one source can be sequenced on an array if each DNA sample is first tagged 
to enable its identification after it has been sequenced.” Id. at 3:3–6. To this 
end, Bignell describes methods “for sequencing nucleic acid sequences on 
an array and identifying subsets of nucleic acid sequences on an array, 
wherein each subset of nucleic acid sequences is isolated from a different 
source.” Id. at 3:60–64. 
4. Gahan (Ex. 1015) 
Gahan describes methods of isolating and analyzing nucleic acids 
from blood. See Ex. 1015, 1. According to Gahan, “[t]he ability to isolate, 
quantify, and analyze these molecules has led to the identification of specific 
nucleic acid fragments related to particular disorders such as diabetes, 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
21 
 
cancer, myocardial infarction, and stroke, th[e]reby permitting their early 
diagnosis.” Id. Moreover, Gahan reports that analysis of maternal plasma 
for maternal and fetal DNA has been used to determine fetal sex and for the 
early identification of “a range of maternal complications such as 
preeclampsia and intrauterine growth retardation, as well as in fetal disorders 
including Rhesus incompatibility and β-thalassemia.” Id. at 3–4. 
5. Bentley (Ex. 1017) 
Bentley describes several DNA sequencing techniques and discusses 
researchers’ efforts to improve them. See generally Ex. 1017. For example, 
Bentley explains that “[c]apillary sequencing using Sanger chemistry 
generates high-quality raw sequence data over most of the length of each 
read.” Id. at 549. Users analyzing the data may “choose a threshold for 
filtering the data depending on the application. For example, multiple reads 
from the same sample can be aligned and used to derive a consensus base-
call at each position. In this case the depth of the consensus provides high 
confidence base-calling.” Id. 
6. Chiang (Ex. 1033) 
Chiang describes techniques for determining copy number alterations 
of genes using massively parallel sequencing and a computational algorithm 
named SegSeq. See generally Ex. 1033. Chiang explains that copy number 
alterations of genes are significant because “[c]ancer results from somatic 
alterations in key genes, including point mutations, copy-number alterations 
and structural rearrangements. A powerful way to discover cancer-causing 
genes is to identify genomic regions that show recurrent copy-number 
alterations (gains and losses) in tumor genomes.” Id. at 99. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
22 
 
C. THE CHEE GROUNDS (GROUND 1–3) 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–4 and 9 are anticipated by Chee 
(Ground 1); that claims 1–4, 7, and 9 would have been obvious over Chee 
(Ground 2); and that claims 5, 6, and 8 would have been obvious over Chee 
and Gahan (Ground 3). Pet. 3, 20–45. Claims 1 and 9 are independent, and 
claims 2–8 depend from claim 1. Ex. 1001, 131:49–132:36. Petitioner 
asserts that Chee teaches every element of independent claims 1 and 9. See 
Pet. 25–32, 35–38. Petitioner asserts the obvious ground over Chee to rebut 
any argument from Patent Owner that “Chee does not disclose the claimed 
‘differentiator tags’ because Chee states that its unique identifiers ‘need not 
be absolutely unique.’” Id. at 38 (citing Ex. 1010, 9:60–63, 11:22–25). 
Petitioner posits that “[e]ven if that distinction were accepted, configuring 
Chee’s technique to use identifiers that were absolutely unique would have 
been obvious in view of Chee’s own teachings.” Id. 
As to claim 7, which adds “the step of determining the copy number 
of genomic region or transcript in a patient from whom the sample is 
obtained” to claim 1, Petitioner asserts: 
A POSA would have recognized that analyzing the DNA 
sequences generated from Chee’s method to determine a copy 
number would have been beneficial and important for detecting 
and diagnosing certain diseases. A POSA would have also 
known that copy number analysis may be influenced by bias 
and would have been motivated to use Chee’s methods to 
identify and correct for bias. 
Pet. 42 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 212–14; Ex. 1033, 101). 
As to Ground 3 involving claims 5, 6, and 8, Petitioner relies on 
Gahan as teaching isolating bacterial or viral nucleic acids (claim 5), tumor 
nucleic acid molecules (claim 6), and maternally-circulating fetal or 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
23 
 
placental nucleic acid molecules (claim 8) from a biological sample. Id. at 
44–45. 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner has not proved by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Chee anticipates or renders obvious any 
challenged claim, with or without combination with Gahan, for the 
following reasons. Patent Owner asserts that: (1) Chee is not prior art to 
claims 1–3 and 9 of the ’730 patent; (2) Chee does not disclose or teach the 
“collapsing step” recited in claim 1; (3) Chee’s provisional application does 
not disclose all of the elements Petitioner relies on in the Chee grounds; 
(4) Chee does not disclose or teach that the “collapsing step” occurs before 
the “determining step” as recited in claim 2; and (5) Petitioner does not show 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have combined Chee and 
Gahan. See PO Resp. 35–51. 
1. Whether Chee is Prior Art to the Challenged Claims 
Patent Owner argues that Chee is not prior art to claims 1–3 or 9 of 
the ’730 patent because these claims are entitled to a priority date of at least 
April 29, 2009. Patent Owner contends the inventors conceived of the 
inventions set forth in these claims at least as early as March 6, 2009, and 
diligently reduced these inventions to practice during the critical period of 
April 29, 2009 through May 18, 2009. PO Resp. 21–34; Sur-Reply 1–13. 
Petitioner argues Patent Owner has not shown prior conception of 
both a method for correcting errors and a method for correcting bias, nor has 
Patent Owner demonstrated reasonable diligence in constructively reducing 
the invention to practice during the critical period. Reply 20–27. 
We discuss the parties’ arguments in greater detail below. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
24 
 
a) Conception 
To establish prior conception, Patent Owner relies primarily upon 
declarations from Dr. Gregory Porreca (an inventor listed on the ’730 patent) 
and Dr. Patrick R.H. Waller (one of the attorneys responsible for prosecuting 
the ’730 patent), correspondence between Dr. Porreca and attorneys 
responsible for prosecuting the ’730 patent, and drafts of a provisional patent 
application Dr. Porreca sent to Dr. Waller on March 6, 2009 (the “March 6 
application,” Exs. 2006–2008). PO Resp. 23–30 (citing Exs. 2004–2008). 
Patent Owner argues Dr. Porreca sent part of the March 6 application 
to the attorneys who prosecuted the ’730 patent on March 6, 2009. PO Resp. 
23–24 (citing Ex. 2004 ¶¶ 8–9; Ex. 2005 ¶ 7; Ex. 2006; Ex. 2007; Ex. 2008). 
Patent Owner provides claim charts indicating where the March 6 
application discloses the claim limitations of claims 1–3 and 9. Id. at 24–30. 
Petitioner does not dispute that the inventors of the ’730 patent sent 
the draft application to the attorneys responsible for prosecuting the patent 
on March 6, 2009, or that the March 6 application demonstrates possession 
of all of the limitations of claims 1–3 and 9 except the “correcting for error 
bias” limitation. Reply 20–23. Petitioner asserts that the March 6 
application “discloses at most a method for correcting bias” because the 
application does not include the word “error,” and Patent Owner’s witness, 
Dr. Joseph Puglisi, “admitted that sequencing errors are not disclosed in the 
March 6 Application or accompanying figures.” Id. at 21–22 (citing 
Ex. 1066, 57:22–59:1). 
Petitioner contends Patent Owner “must show conception of both a 
method for correcting errors and a method for correcting bias” in order to 
demonstrate prior conception of claims 1–3 and 9 as evidenced by the 
March 6 application. Reply 21 (emphasis omitted). Petitioner argues error 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
25 
 
must be different from bias because the terms would be superfluous of each 
other in the claim language if they mean the same thing. Id. at 22. 
Petitioner asserts that “errors can occur in DNA synthesis during 
amplification or sequencing in which a nucleotide is incorrectly incorporated 
in the complementary strand,” whereas bias “occurs when molecules are 
over- or under-amplified in the amplification step.” Id. (citing Ex. 1005 
¶¶ 75–76; Ex. 1065 ¶¶ 38–43). 
Patent Owner responds that portions of the March 6 application 
(Exhibit 2006) and Figure 2 of that application (Exhibit 2008) support 
correcting for error or bias. PO Resp. 24, 28–29 (quoting Ex. 2006, 1–3, 5; 
Ex. 2008). Patent Owner states that correcting for error and correcting for 
bias are overlapping concepts, so Petitioner is incorrect “that a wholly 
separate ‘method of correcting for errors’ needed to be described in addition 
to a ‘method of correcting’ for conception.” Sur-Reply 2–3. Patent Owner 
asserts that the claims cover one method that can correct for error or bias 
because the claims “merely recite a ‘method for correcting for errors or bias’ 
and a step of ‘correcting for errors or bias.’” Id. at 2. Patent Owner 
contends “[t]he steps in the claimed method, and the manner in which the 
correcting step is performed, do not differ based on whether ‘error’ or ‘bias’ 
is being corrected.” Id. In view of this overlap, Patent Owner contends “all 
evidence [Patent Owner] provided in the March 6 Application for 
‘correcting for errors or bias’ applies equally to show conception of the 
claimed method of correcting for either.” Id. at 3. 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner is also incorrect that the March 6 
application does not include the word “error” because the application 
“discusses ‘error,’ and detecting such errors, including ‘synthesis errors.’” 
Sur-Reply 3, n.1 (citing Ex. 2006, 5). Patent Owner contends “the March 6 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
26 
 
Application discloses using its methods to correct for overrepresentation, 
which is a type of error,” a concept to which both Dr. Puglisi and 
Dr. Gabriel agree. Id. at 4 (citing Ex. 1066, 11:19–25; Ex. 2023 ¶ 72; 
Ex. 2025, 27:20–28:5). For example, Patent Owner quotes a portion of the 
March 6 application stating “if we also have information on random 
barcodes, this situation could be averted, because the over-represented allele 
would be seen to also have an over-represented random barcode (i.e., the 
sequences with the overrepresented barcode all originated from the same 
single molecule).” Id. (emphasis omitted, citing Ex. 2006, 5). 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner further errs by applying an unduly 
narrow interpretation of “error” that is not supported by intrinsic or extrinsic 
evidence. Sur-Reply 5–8. Patent Owner states that “[t]he plain language of 
the claims requires only ‘errors or bias’ that are ‘introduced during nucleic 
acid analysis workflow.’” Id. at 5. For example, “dependent claim language 
confirms that the ‘error’ recited in Claim 1 must be broader than only 
sequencing or amplification errors” because “[d]ependent Claim 3 recites an 
additional step of ‘determining the presence of a sequencing or amplification 
error based upon a number of said differentiator tag sequences.’” Id. at 5–6. 
Patent Owner argues that “the specification explains that systematic and 
random errors may themselves be bias, or bias may cause an error” because 
“the ’730 patent explains that its ‘methods [] overcom[e] problems 
associated with systematic and random errors (bias) in genome capture, 
amplification and sequencing method.’” Id. at 6 (citing Ex. 1001, 4:57–66, 
5:8-11; Ex. 1068, 142:14–22, 143:11–19). 
We have considered both parties’ arguments and evidence. We agree 
with Petitioner that Patent Owner must demonstrate that the March 6 
application provides support for both correcting errors and correcting bias; 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
27 
 
however, we agree with Patent Owner that the steps in the claimed methods 
do not differ based on whether error or bias is being corrected. The plain 
language of claims 1 and 9 requires support for both error and bias because 
the claims recite correcting for both. See Ex. 1001, 131:28–48, 132:39–60. 
We determine Patent Owner has shown that the March 6 application 
demonstrates the inventors’ conception of “correcting for errors or bias.” 
Patent Owner provides several examples of correcting for bias in the 
March 6 application. PO Resp. 28–30. Patent Owner also explains that the 
March 6 application describes correcting for errors by describing using its 
methods to correct for overrepresentation. Sur-Reply 3–4; see also 
PO Resp. 28. More specifically, the March 6 application explains as 
follows. 
[I]t is possible that a locus that is heterozygous is called as 
homozygous, because there are only a few observations of 
the second allele out of many observations of that locus. 
However, if we also have information on random barcodes, this 
situation could be averted, because the over-represented allele 
would be seen to also have an overrepresented random barcode 
(i.e., the sequences with the overrepresented barcode all 
originated from the same single molecule). Therefore, the 
sequences and corresponding distribution of random barcodes 
can be used as an additional input to the genotype-calling 
algorithm to significantly improve the accuracy and confidence 
of the genotype calls. 
Ex. 2006, 5 (emphasis added). In this example, the error occurs when the 
locus that is heterozygous is called as homozygous because of the error 
resulting from bias in the representation of the allele. 
Based on this evidence of record, we determine that Patent Owner has 
shown that the March 6 application demonstrates conception of the 
invention recited in claims 1–3 and 9. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
28 
 
b) Reduction to Practice 
To show reduction to practice, Patent Owner relies primarily upon 
declarations from Dr. Gregory Porreca (an inventor listed on the ’730 patent) 
and Dr. Waller (one of the attorneys responsible for prosecuting the ’730 
patent), and correspondence between Dr. Porreca and attorneys responsible 
for prosecuting the ’730 patent. PO Resp. 31–34 (citing Exs. 2004, 2005, 
2012–2016). Patent Owner contends “Dr. Porreca and the prosecuting 
attorneys exercised reasonable diligence from at least April 29, 2009 through 
May 18, 2009” by drafting, editing, and filing Provisional Patent Application 
No. 61/179,358 (the “’358 application,” Ex. 1008). Id. at 31 (citing 
Exs. 1008, 2004, 2005, 2012–2016). Patent Owner asserts that “[b]y filing 
the ’358 provisional, Dr. Porreca and the inventors constructively reduced 
the ’730 patent to practice on May 18, 2009.” Id. at 32. 
Patent Owner asserts the following activities demonstrate reasonable 
diligence. 
• April 24, 2009: “Dr. Porreca received an initial set of claims for 
the application that became the ’730 patent.” PO Resp. 31 (citing 
Ex. 2004 ¶ 10; Ex. 2005 ¶ 10; Ex. 2012, 1). 
• April 27, 2009: “Dr. Porreca provided his edits [to] the prosecuting 
attorneys.” Id. (citing Ex. 2004 ¶ 11; Ex. 2005 ¶ 11; Ex. 2012, 3). 
• April 28, 2009: “Dr. Porreca received a revised set of claims for 
the application that became the ’730 patent.” Id. (citing Ex. 2004 
¶ 11; Ex. 2005 ¶ 11; Ex. 2012, 3). 
• April 29, 2009: “Dr. Porreca spoke with the prosecuting attorneys 
regarding the inventions that became the ’730 patent.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 2004 ¶ 12; Ex. 2005 ¶ 12; Ex. 2012, 1–2). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
29 
 
• April 30, 2009: “Dr. Porreca provided further edits to the draft 
patent application for the prosecuting attorneys to add.” Id. at 32 
(citing Ex. 2004 ¶¶ 12–13; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 12–13; Ex. 2012, 1–2; 
Ex. 2013). 
• May 5, 2009: “Dr. Porreca provided more materials to add to the 
application” and “met with the prosecuting attorneys to discuss the 
application that became the ’730 patent.” Id. (citing Ex. 2004 
¶¶ 14–15; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 14–15; Ex. 2012, 1; Ex. 2014, 4–5). 
• May 8, 2009 and May 9, 2009: “Dr. Porreca set up a call with the 
prosecuting attorneys that took place on May 9.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 2004 ¶ 16; Ex. 2005 ¶ 15; Ex. 2014, 3). 
• May 11, 2009 and May 13, 2009: “Dr. Porreca exchanged emails 
with the prosecuting attorneys regarding the application that 
became the ’730 patent.” Id. (citing Ex. 2004 ¶¶ 17–18; Ex. 2005 
¶¶ 16–17; Ex. 2014, 1). 
• May 14, 2009: “Dr. Porreca received an updated draft of the 
application that became the ’730 patent from the prosecuting 
attorneys.” Id. (citing Ex. 2004 ¶¶ 19–21; Ex. 2005 ¶ 18–20; 
Ex. 2015, 1; Ex. 2016). 
• May 15, 2009: “Dr. Porreca provided his edits” to the application. 
Id. (citing Ex. 2004 ¶¶ 19–21; Ex. 2005 ¶ 18–20; Ex. 2015, 1; 
Ex. 2016). 
• May 18, 2009: “[T]he prosecuting attorneys filed the ’358 
provisional.” Id. (citing Ex. 1008; Ex. 2004 ¶ 22; Ex. 2005 ¶ 21). 
Patent Owner also contends “Dr. Waller explains that he spent an 
average of 7 hours a day on his intellectual property cases, regularly 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
30 
 
communicated with the inventor regarding the application, and created 
multiple drafts of the patent application throughout the entire critical 
period.” PO Resp. 33 (citing Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 1–21; Exs. 2013–2016). 
Petitioner responds that Patent Owner fails to demonstrate reasonable 
diligence because Patent Owner “provides no evidence showing that any 
prosecution work was performed on 12 days of the 20-day critical period.” 
Reply 23. Petitioner argues “the evidence shows that Dr. Waller did not 
work on the ’358 Provisional, and instead delegated preparation of it to Dan 
Young, a patent agent at the time” such that “Dr. Waller’s testimony about 
his general practices or hours worked is not relevant to diligence on the ’358 
Provisional because he did not draft it.” Id. at 24 (citing Ex. 1028; Ex. 1045; 
Ex. 1054; Ex. 1067, 57:17–58:21). Petitioner contends Patent Owner’s 
evidence is insufficient because Patent Owner did not submit a declaration 
from Dr. Young, billing records, or “evidence of what prosecution work, if 
any, Dr. Young did during the critical period.” Id. Moreover, Petitioner 
contends “[o]f the five days with activity, on two the only activity was a 
phone call, but there is no evidence of what was discussed or if the 
discussion involved the ’358 Application.” Id. at 26. 
Patent Owner responds that Petitioner’s arguments fail because 
they (1) demand an unreasonably high requirement of constant 
seven-days-per-week work by ignoring that five of the twelve 
days are weekend days; (2) improperly ignore evidence on 
certain days or dismiss it as not showing enough work on that 
day; and (3) ignore evidence in communications on days 
surrounding the alleged inactive days that show that work was 
being done on the days between the communications. 
Sur-Reply 9 (emphasis and footnote omitted). 
Patent Owner provides additional information for each of the dates 
Petitioner alleges Patent Owner has not shown reasonable diligence. Sur-

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
31 
 
Reply 10–11. Notably, Patent Owner explains that emails between the 
inventors and the prosecution attorneys show that the inventors sent 
paragraphs containing placeholders to insert into the application. Id. at 10. 
According to Patent Owner, those placeholders were “for ongoing modeling 
work for which ‘Uri is still calculating the actual numbers.’” Id. (quoting 
Ex. 2012, 1–2). Patent Owner contends the inventors followed up with 
another email that said “‘[w]e’re finished working out Uri’s [co-inventor] 
example’ and provided the results of the work,” which shows that the “work 
that went into the modeling/calculating results was done in the days in 
between (May 1-4) and evidence activity during those days.” Id. (citing Ex. 
2012, 1). Patent Owner also points to “communications between the 
inventors and attorneys” that “mention the ongoing work for ‘wrapping up 
Uri’s application,’ including ‘completing the histogram for [the] 
application’” and setting a time to discuss the status of the work. Id. 
(quoting Ex. 2014, 4). 
Regarding Patent Owner’s reliance on testimony from Dr. Waller 
rather than Dr. Young, Patent Owner states “Dr. Waller testified about his 
own diligent work throughout the critical period, including that he worked 
closely with Dr. Young on the application, did work on it himself, and did 
not merely hand it off to Dr. Young without oversight.” Sur-Reply 12 
(citing Ex. 1067, 30:8–14, 30:19–31:4, 37:5–18, 38:17–22, 45:20–46:1, 
46:14–47:13, 49:11–13, 57:7–15, 57:21–58:8). Patent Owner contends 
“[t]he documentary record reflects corroborating communications and drafts 
from Dr. Waller’s work on the application.” Id. (citing Ex. 2013, 1; 
Ex. 2014, 1–5; Ex. 2015, 1–2). 
We have considered both parties’ arguments and evidence and 
determine that Patent Owner has presented sufficient evidence of reasonable 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
32 
 
diligence. There is no requirement that an inventor must work on reducing 
the invention to practice every day during the critical period in order to 
demonstrate reasonable diligence. See Perfect Surgical Techniques, Inc. v. 
Olympus America, Inc., 841 F.3d 1004, 1009 (Fed. Cir. 2016). “[D]iligence 
need not be perfectly continuous—only reasonably continuous.” Arctic Cat 
Inc. v. GEP Power Prods., Inc., 919 F.3d 1320, 1331 (2019). The key 
question is whether, “in light of the evidence as a whole, the invention was 
not abandoned or unreasonably delayed.” Id. (internal quotations omitted). 
Applying this standard, we determine that Patent Owner sufficiently 
demonstrates reasonably continuous diligence throughout the critical period. 
The evidence demonstrates that Patent Owner did not unreasonably 
delay filing the ’358 application. The evidence shows Dr. Porreca and the 
prosecuting attorneys worked diligently towards filing the ’358 application 
from April 24, 2009 through May 18, 2009 by drafting claims, editing the 
draft application, and performing additional modeling experiments to add to 
the specification. See Exs. 2004, 2005, 2012–2016. The prosecuting 
attorneys sent an updated draft of the ’358 application to Dr. Porreca on 
Friday, April 24, 2009. Ex. 2012, 4. On Monday of the following week, 
April 27, 2009, Dr. Porreca confirmed the draft looked good to him, and 
relayed a question from his co-inventor Dr. Uri Laserson. Id. at 3–4. The 
prosecuting attorneys sent revised claims to Dr. Porreca the following day, 
and planned to meet to discuss the claims on April 29, 2009. Id. at 2. 
Dr. Porreca emailed the prosecuting attorneys on April 30, 2009 to provide 
the inventorship information (Ex. 2013) and to provide paragraphs to add to 
the draft application (Ex. 2012, 1–2). Dr. Porreca’s email says: “Note the 
two [XXXX] placeholders -- Uri is still calculating the actual numbers, but 
in the interest of time we decided to get this to you now, and will drop those 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
33 
 
in when available,” which shows that Dr. Porreca and Dr. Laserson made 
efforts to avoid delays. Id. at 2 (emphasis omitted). 
Dr. Porreca and Dr. Laserson finished the examples to complete the 
placeholders between April 30, 2009 and May 5, 2009. Ex. 2012, 1. 
Dr. Porreca emailed the prosecuting attorneys on May 5, 2009 and provided 
the paragraph the attorneys should use to fill in the placeholders. Id. The 
same day, the prosecuting attorneys followed up with some additional 
questions about the examples, and Dr. Porreca answered them. Id. The 
prosecuting attorneys asked for additional examples stating: “The second 
paragraph of the example below states that the specific number of barcodes 
necessary for a diploid basecall depends on the level of confidence desired 
and is calculated from the binomial probability distribution. Could you 
expand on this concept, perhaps by way of an example.” Id. Dr. Porreca 
replied that “We’re working on this and will have a histogram for inclusion 
hopefully tomorrow.” Id. The prosecuting attorneys provided another draft 
claim later that afternoon. Ex. 2014, 4–5. These email exchanges provide 
ample evidence that the inventors were working on examples for the 
application, and the prosecuting attorneys were continuing to draft claims 
between emails. 
On Wednesday, May 6, 2009, Dr. Porreca emailed the prosecuting 
attorneys regarding “next steps” from a call that took place on May 5, 2009. 
Ex. 2014, 4. He stated that “you expect to be wrapping up Uri’s 
application,” and “Uri is completing the histogram for his application this 
morning.” Id. Dr. Porreca requested to schedule a call with the prosecuting 
attorneys for Friday, May 8, 2009. Id. at 3–4. They scheduled a call for 
Saturday, May 9, 2009. Id. at 2–3. On Monday, May 11, 2009, Dr. Porreca 
emailed the prosecuting attorneys to follow up on the May 9, 2009 call. Id. 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
34 
 
at 2. He stated that “we should expect drafts on the two outstanding 
provisionals soon (and Uri’s probably doesn’t need further revision at this 
point). We’d like to give our investors a hard date for when we will send the 
provisionals for their review. Can you help me estimate this date?” Id. The 
prosecuting attorneys responded the same day and stated that “we owe you 
the two drafts and are working to get them to you as soon as possible. There 
should not be much left to finish, but I will talk to Dan and we will call you 
with the date.” Id. at 1. 
Dr. Porreca sent a follow up email to the prosecuting attorneys on 
May 13, 2009 and asked, “Wanted to follow up on this -- do you have a 
sense for when we should expect either (or both) to be ready for final review 
and filing?” Ex. 2014, 1. The prosecuting attorneys responded the same day 
and stated that “Dan will forward Uri’s [application] tomorrow during the 
day.” Id. On May 14, 2009, the prosecuting attorneys provided an update to 
say that “Dan is back from exams this morning and is finalizing Uri's 
application that he will send to you.” Id. Later that day, the prosecuting 
attorneys followed up with a second email with a draft of the application, 
and indicated that “We are still thinking about the term ‘source sequence’, 
and may change it,” and that they “included some specific questions in 
bold.” Ex. 2015, 1. Dr. Porreca provided revisions to the application on 
May 15, 2009, and addressed the prosecuting attorneys’ concerns. Id.; 
Ex. 2016, 1. Dr. Porreca stated that “We just got another investor inquiry to 
look at our IP under CDA, so we look forward to getting this one on file 
soon.” Ex. 2016. These emails also provide ample evidence that Dr. 
Porreca made efforts to avoid delays, and that Dr. Porreca and the 
prosecuting attorneys understood that time was of the essence to complete 
the application. The application was filed on May 18, 2009. Ex. 1008, 1. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
35 
 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments regarding Dr. Waller 
and Dr. Young’s respective contributions to the ’358 application because the 
email exchanges between Dr. Porreca and the prosecuting attorneys show 
that both Dr. Waller and Dr. Young were working diligently on the 
application and communicating with Dr. Porreca. See, e.g., Exs. 2012–2016. 
Moreover, aside from pointing out that Dr. Waller understandably does not 
remember certain details about the work completed during the critical period 
that took place many years ago, Petitioner has not set forth any evidence that 
gives us any reason to doubt Dr. Waller’s testimony. 
Considering all of the pertinent evidence set forth above, we 
determine that Patent Owner did not abandon or unreasonably delay the 
filing of the ’358 application during the critical period. Petitioner’s attempts 
to scour the timeline for periods of alleged inactivity are unpersuasive. We 
therefore conclude that Patent Owner has established that it was reasonably 
continuous in its diligence during the critical period, and Petitioner has not 
shown otherwise. 
c) Conclusion Regarding the Priority Date of the ’730 Patent 
Based on the foregoing, we determine Patent Owner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–3 and 9 are entitled to a priority 
date of at least April 29, 2009. As a result, Chee is not prior art to those 
claims of the ’730 patent. 
2. Ground 1 – Anticipation by Chee 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Chee anticipates claims 1–4 and 9. As discussed above, Chee 
does not qualify as prior art to claims 1–3 and 9. Moreover, we determine 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
36 
 
Chee does not disclose the “collapsing step” recited in claim 1, which is also 
required by dependent claim 4, for the reasons discussed below. 
a) The “Collapsing Step” of Claim 1 
Petitioner argues Chee discloses the “collapsing step” recited in 
claim 1. Pet. 31–32; Reply 11–15. First, Petitioner asserts that “Chee 
corrects for both errors and bias.” Pet. 31. More specifically, Petitioner 
contends “Chee discloses that ‘technical bias’ can be introduced when 
amplifying the original sample, which can ‘skew’ the final sample to have 
more copies of a particular construct as compared to others” such that “[b]y 
using the unique identifiers, ‘the quantification of the molecules can be 
corrected to reflect this manner of bias.’” Id. (citing Ex. 1010, 9:18–21, 
10:36–46, 23:59–64; Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 172–74). 
Second, Petitioner argues “Chee corrects bias by ‘collapsing 
target:differentiator tag combinations . . . into a single count.’” Pet. 31. 
Petitioner asserts that Chee’s unique identifiers allow it to “determine that 
two sequenced constructs are ‘identical by descent,’ i.e., copies of the same 
construct from the original sample” and “accurately determine ‘the number 
of starting molecules . . . by association of each initial ROI present in a 
sample with its unique identifier.’” Id. at 31–32 (citing Ex. 1010, 5:27–36, 
9:5–9, 10:36–46, 14:42–50, 24:1–8). Petitioner contends “Chee corrects for 
amplification bias by counting each unique construct once.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1010, 23:59–64). 
Third, Petitioner argues “Chee corrects for ‘sequencing errors’ by 
sequencing multiple copies of the same original molecule (those with the 
same unique identifier) and comparing the ROI reads.” Pet. 32 (citing 
Ex. 1010, 9:34–39, 10:54–57, 14:39–50). Petitioner asserts that Chee 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
37 
 
discloses that “[m]ultiple reads of the same molecule are used to generate a 
single consensus read” because Chee states that: 
[A] variation in the sequence of a single copy of a construct is 
most likely to be a synthesis or sequencing error if it differs 
from a consensus sequence derived from multiple clonal copies 
of the construct, which are identified as identical by descent via 
the shared unique identifier. 
Id. (quoting Ex. 1010, 14:46–50; citing Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 176–78; Ex. 1017, 550). 
Patent Owner responds that Chee does not disclose the “collapsing 
step” because “collapsing is different from the consensus base sequence in 
Chee’s method, and the quantitative errors corrected by collapsing are 
different from sequence errors corrected by determining a consensus base 
sequence.” PO Resp. 46 (citing Ex. 2024, 46:2–25). More specifically, 
Patent Owner asserts that Chee describes reducing sequence errors by 
“determining a consensus sequence through reading ‘multiple clonal copies 
of the construct, which are identified as identical by descent via the shared 
unique identifier,’ and attributing ‘a variation in the sequence of a single 
copy of a construct’ to an error occurring during sequencing or synthesis of 
the construct.” Id. (emphasis omitted, citing Ex. 1010, 14:39–56; Ex. 2023 
¶¶ 148–53; Ex. 2024, 12:17–13:1, 13:15–24, 14:42–50). Patent Owner 
contends this is different from the “collapsing step” recited in claim 1 as 
“[c]ollapsing does not determine a consensus base call by analyzing multiple 
reads of the same construct, because collapsing does the opposite; it assumes 
that all sequence reads for a single count will be identical, so there is no 
need to analyze multiple reads.” Id. (citing Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 158–63). Patent 
Owner argues that in this manner, “collapsing resolves quantification errors, 
allowing identical sequence reads to be counted only once without 
considering the precise sequence.” Id. (citing Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 154–56). 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
38 
 
Moreover, Patent Owner argues Petitioner points to language from 
Chee that mentions using Chee’s method to address issues related to 
amplification bias, but does not identify any mechanism to do so. PO 
Resp. 47. Patent Owner contends “beyond pointing to language that tags 
can be used to represent amplicons that are ‘identical by descent,’ Petitioner 
does not, and cannot, point to any precise method of Chee that explains how 
a POSA would use this information to count the number of original starting 
molecules of a given sequence.” Id. Patent Owner also argues that while 
Chee states that “its method ‘can’ be used to identify amplification bias by 
associating each construct with a unique identifier,” Petitioner “fails to cite 
to any disclosure to explain what that method entails.” Id. 
Petitioner responds that Chee teaches the “collapsing step” because 
Chee teaches processes that can correct for amplification bias and 
sequencing errors. Reply 11–15. According to Petitioner, 
In Chee’s process, after obtaining an initial sample, it 
adds a unique identifier to each nucleic acid in the sample to 
create constructs. EX1010(Chee), 4:1-3, 10:41-46. Each 
construct includes a unique identifier and a target nucleic acid 
(region of interest, “ROI”). Id., 2:34-38. The sample is 
amplified (e.g., using PCR), creating multiple copies of each 
construct, and the amplified constructs are sequenced. Id., 
3:10-17, 13:20-61. Chee explains that if multiple constructs 
have the same unique identifier, those constructs are “identical 
by descent,” meaning they are copies of the same molecule 
from the original sample. Id., 5:27-36, 14:42-46. 
Reply 12. 
Given this information, Petitioner contends Chee teaches correcting 
amplification bias because “its unique identifiers allow ‘quantification of the 
molecules [to] be corrected to reflect [amplification] bias’” and “it can 
determine ‘the number of starting molecules’ in a sample by using the fact 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
39 
 
that ‘each initial ROI present in a sample [was associated] with its unique 
identifier.’” Reply 12–13 (citing Ex. 1010, 5:31–36, 9:29–39, 10:41–46, 
23:59–64; Ex. 1066, 120:1–5, 121:12–20). Petitioner argues Chee 
“recognizes that reads with the same unique identifier correspond to the 
same nucleic acid from the original sample and counts those once. . . . Thus, 
Chee’s process ‘collapses’ sequences with the same unique identifier into ‘a 
single count.’” Id. (emphasis omitted, citing Ex. 1010, 9:34–39, 10:41–46, 
14:46–50, 23:59–64; Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 173–78). 
Petitioner contends Chee teaches correcting sequencing errors “by 
comparing reads from copies of the same molecule and using them to create 
a ‘consensus’ sequence.” Reply 14 (citing Ex. 1010, 9:34–39, 10:54–57, 
14:39–50; Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 177–78). Petitioner argues further that even if 
“collapsing” does not mean determining a consensus sequence, “Chee still 
anticipates or renders obvious claim 1” because “Chee’s technique for 
correcting amplification bias corrects quantitative errors without correcting 
sequencing errors or making consensus base calls.” Id. at 15. 
Patent Owner responds that “[t]he claims require ‘correcting for error 
or bias introduced during said workflow by collapsing target:differentiator 
tag combinations.” Sur-Reply 14. Patent Owner contends Petitioner fails to 
show Chee discloses the “collapsing step” because “Petitioner points to the 
same single step, determining a consensus base call from multiple clonal 
copies of a single molecule, to show both ‘collapsing’ and ‘determin[ing] a 
consensus base sequence.’” Id. at 15. Moreover, Patent Owner contends 
Chee’s method of correcting amplification bias does not disclose the 
“collapsing step” because “[e]ach of Chee’s disclosures simply conclude that 
Chee’s method quantifies molecules to correct for amplification bias. . . . 
But quantifying molecules to correct for amplification bias does not, without 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
40 
 
more, disclose collapsing ‘target:differentiator tag combinations’ into a 
single count as required by the claims,” and Petitioner does not “point to any 
evidence to say that using a unique identifier to count each molecule 
discloses collapsing in the manner required by the Challenged Claims.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1010, 10:41–46, 23:59–64; Ex. 1066, 120:1–5; Reply 13). 
We have considered both parties’ arguments and evidence and agree 
with Patent Owner’s position. As discussed above, we agree with Patent 
Owner that the “collapsing step” recited in claim 1 and the “determining 
step” recited in claim 2 are two different steps required by the challenged 
claims such that “collapsing” does not mean determining a consensus base 
call or sequence, and must occur before any determining step. As a result, 
we determine Chee’s step of determining a consensus sequence does not 
disclose the “collapsing step” recited in claim 1 that requires collapsing 
“target:differentiator tag combinations.” 
We are also unpersuaded by Petitioner’s reliance on Chee’s process of 
correcting for amplification bias as disclosing the claimed collapsing step. 
As recognized by Patent Owner, the claim language of the “collapsing step” 
requires “collapsing target:differentiator tag combinations,” rather than 
collapsing only differentiator tags. In view of this requirement, Chee does 
not disclose the “collapsing step” because Chee teaches quantifying the 
starting nucleic acid molecules using their unique identifiers, rather than 
target:differentiator tag combinations. As Petitioner admits, “Chee’s 
technique for correcting amplification bias corrects quantitative errors 
without correcting sequencing errors” (Reply 15), whereas claim 1’s 
“collapsing step” corrects both quantitative errors and sequencing errors by 
using target:differentiator tag combinations. See Ex. 1001, 131:47–49 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
41 
 
(claim 1 requires correcting for error or bias by collapsing 
target:differentiator tag combinations). 
As Dr. Puglisi confirms claim 2’s “collapsing step” corrects for both 
quantitative and sequencing errors by explaining “[t]he specification also 
describes ‘collapsing’ as resolving issues related to skewing while using the 
‘collapsed’ sequences to derive a more accurate consensus base call for 
genotyping.” Ex. 2023 ¶ 134 (citing Ex. 1001, 65:2–14, 28:3–9). We credit 
Dr. Puglisi’s testimony as consistent with the teachings of the Specification 
of the ’730 patent. 
Chee does not describe this claimed collapsing step using 
target:differentiator tag combinations to correct for both quantitative and 
sequencing errors. For example, Chee describes correcting using only 
differentiator tags in the following passage that mitigates only quantitative 
errors, not sequencing errors. 
By creating constructs comprising the nucleic acids directly 
isolated from a sample, bias due to subsequent manipulation of 
the molecules can be identified by determining the amounts 
of constructs with unique identifiers. Thus, if a nucleic acid 
is either over-represented or under-represented due to 
amplification bias, the number of molecules comprising unique 
identifiers will also be over-represented or under-represented, 
and the quantification of the molecules can be corrected to 
reflect this manner of bias. 
Ex. 1010, 23:56–64 (emphasis added). 
For these reasons, we determine Petitioner has not shown that Chee 
discloses the “collapsing step” recited in claim 1. 
b) Conclusion Regarding Anticipation by Chee 
Based on the foregoing, we determine Petitioner has not shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Chee anticipates claims 1–4 and 9 of the 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
42 
 
’730 patent. We determine Chee does not qualify as prior art to claims 1–3 
and 9. We also determine Chee does not disclose claim 1’s “collapsing 
step.” 
As a result, Chee does not anticipate claim 4, which depends from 
claim 1. Because Petitioner’s anticipation ground fails for the above-
described reasons, we need not address whether Chee’s provisional 
application discloses all of the elements Petitioner relies on in the Chee 
grounds, or whether Chee discloses or teaches that the “collapsing step” 
occurs before the “determining step” as recited in claim 2. PO Resp. 35–41, 
48–49. 
3. Ground 2 – Obviousness over Chee 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Chee renders claims 1–4, 7, and 9 obvious because Chee does 
not qualify as prior art to claims 1–3 and 9 for the reasons discussed above, 
and also as discussed above, Chee does not disclose the “collapsing step” 
recited in claim 1, which is a requirement of claims 2–4 and 7 by virtue of 
their dependence on claim 1. Pet. 38–39. 
4. Ground 3 – Obviousness over Chee and Gahan 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Chee and Gahan render claims 5, 6, and 8 obvious because 
Chee does not disclose the “collapsing step” recited in claim 1, which is a 
requirement of claims 5, 6, and 8 by virtue of their dependence on claim 1 as 
discussed above, and Petitioner does not further rely on Gahan as teaching 
the “collapsing step.” Because Petitioner’s obviousness ground relying on 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
43 
 
Chee and Gahan fails for the above-described reasons, we need not address 
whether Petitioner shows that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
a reason to combine Chee and Gahan with a reasonable expectation of 
success. PO Resp. 49–51. 
D. THE BIGNELL/MCCLOSKEY GROUNDS (GROUNDS 4–7) 
Petitioner presents four grounds that rely on Bignell and McCloskey 
to teach the majority of the limitations of the asserted claims in Grounds 4 
through 7. See Pet. 45–66. For Ground 4, Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 
4–6, and 9 of the ’730 patent would have been obvious over Bignell and 
McCloskey. Id. at 45–60. For Ground 5, Petitioner asserts that claims 2 and 
3 would have been obvious over Bignell, McCloskey, and Bentley. Id. at 
61–63. For Ground 6, Petitioner asserts that claims 6 and 8 would have been 
obvious over Bignell, McCloskey, and Gahan. Id. at 63–65. For Ground 7, 
Petitioner asserts that claim 7 would have been obvious over Bignell, 
McCloskey, and Chiang. Id. at Pet. 65–66. For each of these grounds, 
Petitioner explains how each claim limitation is disclosed in the asserted 
references and how its assertions are supported by the testimony of 
Dr. Gabriel. See id. at 45–66; Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 233–344. 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s obviousness grounds relying on 
Bignell and McCloskey because the references do not teach the “correcting 
step” recited in claim 1, and Petitioner has not shown a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have combined Bignell and McCloskey with a 
reasonable expectation of success. PO Resp. 52–61. 
1. Ground 4 – Bignell and McCloskey 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 4–6, and 9 of the ’730 patent would 
have been obvious over Bignell and McCloskey. Pet. 45–60. Petitioner 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
44 
 
relies on Bignell as teaching methods for sequencing nucleic acid samples 
tagged with unique identifiers, and relies on McCloskey as teaching methods 
for correcting for errors or bias when amplifying nucleic acid samples. Id. 
Patent Owner argues against Petitioner’s Bignell and McCloskey 
grounds because the references do not disclose or teach the “collapsing step” 
recited in claim 1, and Petitioner does not show that a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have combined Bignell and McCloskey. PO Resp. 52–
61. We address each of Patent Owner’s arguments below. 
a) The “Collapsing Step” Recited in Claim 1 
Petitioner relies on McCloskey as teaching the “collapsing step” 
recited in claim 1 of the ’730 patent. Pet. 56–57. Petitioner contends 
McCloskey specifically teaches “correcting for errors or bias” using unique 
barcodes and data analysis. Id. at 56 (citing Ex. 1012 ¶ 2). Petitioner maps 
McCloskey’s unique barcodes to the differentiator tags recited in claim 1. 
Id. at 56–57 (explaining that the ’730 patent uses differentiator tags in the 
same way McCloskey uses unique barcodes). More specifically, Petitioner 
argues that McCloskey teaches the “unique barcodes allow it to ‘correct[] for 
[the] skewing that can arise from PCR amplification[]’ . . . by identifying 
duplicate barcodes in an amplified sample.” Id. at 56 (citing Ex. 1012, ¶¶ 5, 
53). Petitioner contends “[t]his allows McCloskey to determine that there 
are ‘multiple amplified sequences derived from a single original molecule.’” 
Id. at 56–57 (citing Ex. 1012 ¶ 93). 
According to Petitioner, “the ’730 patent shows performing the 
‘collapsing’ step by counting only unique tags to determine the number of 
times a sequence appeared in the original sample” such that “duplicates of a 
tag are identified but not included in the count.” Pet. 57 (emphasis omitted, 
citing Ex. 1001, 30:48–51, 72:63–73:2). Based on this understanding, 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
45 
 
Petitioner contends McCloskey teaches the “collapsing step” because 
“McCloskey’s barcodes allow it ‘to identify . . . redundant sequences and to 
quantify accurately the proportion of cells carrying a particular sequence 
variant by counting only distinctly tagged sequences.’” Id. (emphasis 
omitted, quoting Ex. 1012 ¶¶ 93, 106). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s understanding of the “collapsing 
step” recited in claim 1 is incorrect and McCloskey does not teach the 
“collapsing step.” PO Resp. 52–56. Patent Owner contends the “collapsing 
step” requires collapsing combinations of targets and differentiator tags—
not tags alone—because claim 1 recites “collapsing target:differentiator tag 
combinations.” Id. at 52 (citing Ex. 1001, 131:47–49). According to Patent 
Owner, the ’730 patent’s specification discloses that collapsing 
target:differentiator tag combinations provides advantages that counting tags 
alone does not, such as methods to make diploid genotype calls and more 
accurate consensus basecalls. Id. at 52–53 (citing Ex. 1001, 72:63–73:5, 
Fig. 5; Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 57, 182). 
In light of this interpretation, Patent Owner argues McCloskey does 
not teach the “correcting step” because “McCloskey only discloses 
identifying tags alone without any analysis of the target to correct for errors 
or bias,” and “McCloskey does not disclose ‘collapsing’ reads together.” PO 
Resp. 53–54 (emphasis omitted). Patent Owner contends “McCloskey 
teaches detecting or ‘identifying’ a barcode to ‘count’ amplification products 
with distinct tags” but a person of ordinary skill in the art “would have 
understood that ‘identifying duplicate barcodes in an amplified sample’ and 
‘counting only distinctly tagged sequences,’ is different and distinct from 
‘collapsing target:differentiator tag combinations.’” Id. at 54–55 (citing 
Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 177–83). 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
46 
 
Petitioner responds that the scope of the “collapsing step” includes 
collapsing on tags alone because claim 2 depends from claim 1 and recites 
“said correcting step further comprises collapsing all sequence reads 
comprising a same differentiator tag into a single read before determining a 
consensus base call.” Reply 4 (emphasis omitted). Petitioner argues that 
claim 1 must encompass collapsing using the differentiator tags alone 
because claim 2 depends from claim 1, and the specification includes an 
example of collapsing on tags alone in Figure 5. Id. at 4–5 (citing Ex. 1001, 
73:3–5, Fig. 5). 
Petitioner also asserts that McCloskey “collapses” reads because 
McCloskey teaches attaching unique barcodes to “uniquely identify a target 
nucleic acid in an experiment” and using the barcodes to identify duplicates 
and count the duplicates as one distinct read. Reply 5 (citing Ex. 1012 ¶ 21). 
Petitioner argues further that McCloskey collapses reads to remove the 
duplicates prior to counting, and “claim 1 does not require combining reads 
‘together’; it only requires that duplicates be counted once (‘a single 
count’).” Id. at 7. Petitioner contends using target:tag combinations yields 
the same result as using tags alone because both processes collapse distinct 
target:tag combinations into a single count. Id. at 5–6. 
Regarding Patent Owner’s argument that collapsing 
target:differentiator tag combinations provides the ability to make diploid 
genotype calls, Petitioner responds that the argument is irrelevant to claim 1 
because claim 1 does not require making genotype calls. Reply 6. Petitioner 
contends “[e]ven if the ability to make genotype calls were required (it is 
not), McCloskey discloses its barcodes can improve making genotype calls 
on the FMR1 locus” because “McCloskey describes an example of testing 
the FMR1 locus, and explains that barcodes allow it ‘to quantify accurately 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
47 
 
the proportion of cells carrying a particular sequence variant by counting 
only distinctly tagged sequences.’” Id. at 6–7. 
Patent Owner responds that McCloskey does not teach the “collapsing 
step” because “McCloskey counts only its unique barcodes to authenticate 
sequences, rather than collapsing barcode:sequence combinations to correct 
for errors.” Sur-Reply 23 (emphasis omitted). Patent Owner argues that 
“the plain language of Claim 1 requires ‘target:differentiator tag 
combinations,’ not tags alone.” Id. at 24. Patent Owner asserts that 
collapsing “target:differentiator tag combinations” instead of 
barcodes alone—provides advantages when later making 
genotype calls . . . that highlight the difference between the 
claimed methods and the prior art. McCloskey does not recite 
making genotype calls, as Dr. Gabriel agrees (EX2025, 79:7-
14), because that is not the purpose of its barcode-alone method 
for authenticating sequences, and therefore its method neither 
discloses collapsing “target:differentiator tag combinations” nor 
provides the advantages of the inventive method of the ’730 
Patent. 
Id. at 27 (emphasis omitted). 
Regarding Petitioner’s argument that using target:tag combinations 
yields the same result as using tags alone, Patent Owner contends 
“Dr. Gabriel admitted that this is not true.” Sur-Reply 24. Patent Owner 
explains that 
[w]hen Dr. Gabriel was presented with information that 
included both target sequences and barcodes . . . Dr. Gabriel 
was able to identify product sequences subject to amplification 
errors. . . . But when Dr. Gabriel was presented with 
information that included barcodes alone—like in McCloskey’s 
method—she was unable to do so. 
Sur-Reply 24–26 (citing Ex. 2025, 46:22–50:8, 53:14–54:21; Ex. 2026; 
Ex. 2027). 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
48 
 
We have considered both parties’ arguments and evidence and 
determine that Patent Owner is correct based on the evidence of record. As 
we have previously stated in the Chee grounds discussion, the plain 
language of claim 1 requires “collapsing target:differentiator tag 
combinations,” rather than collapsing only differentiator tags. The 
specification of the ’730 patent supports this interpretation. Figure 5 of the 
’730 patent set forth below shows a method for genotyping based on target 
and 5 differentiator tag sequences. Ex. 1001, 19:35–36. 
 
Figure 5 “depicts a method for making diploid genotype calls in which 
repeat target:differentiator tag combination are collapsed.” Ex. 1001, 73:3–
5. It appears from Figure 5, that both the target sequences and the unique 
differentiator tags shown as combinations of 1s and 0s are used to determine 
which are repeat target:differentiator tag combinations that need to be 
collapsed to a single count. 
By the same token, Example 2, titled “Use of Differentiator Tag 
Sequences to Detect and Correct Bias in a MIP-Capture Reaction of a Set of 
Exon Targets,” again shows use of both the target DNA and the unique 
differentiator tags to determine the count. See Ex. 1001, 71:25–73:5. 
Example 2 shows the construct of a table of target:differentiator tag 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
49 
 
abundances from the read data as shown below. Id. at 72:50–51. This table 
appears below. 
 
Ex. 1001, 72:53–62. 
In analyzing the table shown above, the ’730 patent states: 
All ‘count’ entries should be ‘1’, since any particular 
target-differentiator tag mapping will not occur more than once 
by chance, and therefore will only be observed if bias was 
present somewhere in the sample preparation process. For any 
target:differentiator tag combination observed more than once, 
all such reads are ‘collapsed’ into a single read before 
consensus basecalls are determined. This will cancel the effect 
of bias on consensus basecall accuracy. 
Ex. 1001, 72:63–73:3. 
There are duplicate target IDs in the table that are included in 
individual counts because the differentiator tag sequence ID is different for 
these duplicates. The table shows that the differentiator tag sequence ID, not 
the tag alone, is used to determine the count. 
Moreover, Patent Owner’s example presented to Dr. Gabriel during 
her deposition underscores the difference between collapsing 
target:differentiator tag combinations and collapsing only differentiator tags. 
Compare Ex. 2026, with Ex. 2027. Exhibit 2026 is reproduced below. 
 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
50 
 
 
Ex. 2026. Exhibit 2026 depicts two target nucleic acids with unique 
differentiator tags. The target nucleic acids undergo amplification and result 
in amplified products. Those products are reported as target:differentiator 
tag combinations. 
Exhibit 2027 is reproduced below. 
 
Ex. 2027. Exhibit 2027 depicts two target nucleic acids with unique 
differentiator tags. The target nucleic acids undergo amplification and result 
in amplified products. Only the differentiator tags of those products are 
reported. As shown in Exhibit 2026, if the products were collapsed on both 
targets and barcodes, then the target nucleic acid would be reported as both 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
51 
 
T and A. As shown in Exhibit 2027, if the products were collapsed only on 
barcodes, then the target nucleic acid would be reported as either T or A, 
depending on which products were collapsed. As a result, we disagree with 
Petitioner’s argument that using target:tag combinations yields the same 
result as using tags alone. 
 
Dr. Gabriel confirms our conclusion. Dr. Gabriel testifies that you 
need not only the barcode, but also the sequence (as shown in Ex. 2026) to 
discover if there is an error. Dr. Gabriel testifies as follows with reference to 
Exhibit 2027. 
Q. When the information provided to you is just the barcode 
alone, you cannot identify which sequence has an error 
resulting from an incorrectly incorporated nucleotide during 
amplification? 
A. That’s not right. You never just are analyzing – well, 
there’s certain types of experiments called “counting 
applications” where you can analyze the barcorde to understand 
how many molecules are there. But that’s aside. That’s not 
what we’re talking about here. 
 
The things we’re talking about here, you’re using the 
barcode to make the bins to make – to line up sequences that 
have the same barcode. And then you can look at those 
sequences – they’re not black lines, they’re sequences – to find 
out if there’s an error. 
Q. In the scenario where you would be using just the barcode 
alone, such as a counting application – is that what you said? 
A. Uh-hmm. 
Q. So in the scenario in which you’re using just the barcode 
alone, like in a counting application, you would not be able to 
identify error. Correct? 
A. You wouldn’t be trying to. It’s a different type of 
experiment. That’s a different application. Yeah. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
52 
 
Ex. 2025, 53:14–54:21 (objections omitted). In this colloquy, Dr. Gabriel 
confirms that to determine a sequence error, you cannot just use the barcode, 
but need the target sequence as well. 
 
Dr. Puglisi agrees, and we credit his testimony as consistent with the 
record and the teachings of the ’730 patent. Dr. Puglisi testifies: 
A POSA would have understood that collapsing 
target:differentiator combinations to correct for error or bias is 
different than authenticating an amplification product by 
detecting a barcode sequence. For example, figure 5 depicts a 
method for making diploid genotype calls in which repeat 
target:differentiator tag combination[s] are collapsed” and the 
“effect of bias on consensus basecall accuracy” is canceled. 
EX1001, 73:2-5, Figure 5; see also EX1005, (Gabriel Decl.) 
¶ 295 (citing EX1001, 28:32-44 (“[A] threshold number of 
independently isolated molecules (e.g., unique combinations of 
differentiator tag and target sequences) is analyzed to 
determine the genotype of a subject.”), 30:48-52 (“FIG. 5 
depicts non-limiting method for genotyping based on target and 
differentiator tag sequences. Sequencing reads of target and 
differentiator tags sequences are collapsed to make diploid 
genotype calls.”), 72:63-73:2 (“For any target:differentiator tag 
combination observed more than once, all such reads are 
‘collapsed’ into a single read before consensus basecalls are 
determined.”)). Unlike the methods to authenticate an 
amplification product in McCloskey, the ’730 patent explains 
that using the sequence of the target nucleic acid molecule and 
a differentiator tag to collapse target:differentiator tag 
combinations provide methods to accurately make genotype 
calls and subsequently increase the accuracy when determining 
consensus base calls. EX 1001, 28:32-44, 30:48-52, 72:63-73:5, 
Figure 5. A POSA would have understood that McCloskey’s 
authenticating step does not use target nucleic acids and thus 
does not provide methods to make genotype calls or determine 
consensus base calls. Without the target nucleic molecule 
sequence, a POSA would not be able to make genotype calls or 
determine consensus base calls. EX 1001, 28:32-44, 30:48-52, 
72:63-73:5, Figure 5. 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
53 
 
Ex. 2023 ¶ 182. 
 
Given this claim interpretation requiring collapsing 
target:differentiator tag combinations, it is undisputed that McCloskey, who 
uses unique barcodes alone, does not teach this limitation. Petitioner does 
not rely on Bignell as teaching this collapsing step. Accordingly, we 
conclude Petitioner has not shown that the combination of Bignell and 
McCloskey teaches the “collapsing step” recited in claim 1. Because claims 
4 through 6 depend from claim 1, they also require the “collapsing step” of 
claim 1 that is not taught by the combination of Bignell and McCloskey. 
b) The “Correcting Step” Recited in Claim 9 
 
For independent claim 9, Petitioner states: “Most of the steps of claim 
9 are identical to elements of claim 1, which Bignell and McCloskey 
disclose for the same reasons as claim 1. For the “introducing . . . “ and 
“correcting . . . “ steps, claim 9 uses slightly different words than claim 1.” 
Pet. 58–59. The correcting step of claim 9 requires “correcting for error or 
bias introduced during said workflow by recognizing target/differentiator 
tags having the same sequence as being derived from the same input 
molecule.” Ex. 1001, 132:56–59. 
 
Petitioner relies on Bignell and McCloskey to teach claim 9’s 
requirement of “‘correcting for error or bias’ for the same reasons as 
claim 1.” Pet. 60. Petitioner states: 
McCloskey identifies “redundant sequences” where multiple 
nucleic acids have the same barcode. EX1012(McCloskey), 
[0093], [0053]. It explains that the “ability to distinguish 
redundant from valid data is an immensely powerful tool.” Id., 
[0053]. McCloskey determines that amplified nucleic acids that 
have the same barcode are “derived from a single original 
molecule.” Id., [0093]; id., [0106] (noting it can detect when 
“multiple amplified sequences are derived from a single 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
54 
 
original molecule”). Thus, McCloskey teaches “recognizing” 
nucleic acids with the same unique barcode “as being derived 
from the same input molecule.” EX1005, ¶¶297-99. 
Id. 
 
Similarly, as we found with regard to our discussion of claim 1 where 
we found that McCloskey, who teaches using barcodes alone, does not teach 
the collapsing step, we also find here that McCloskey does not teach claim 
9’s “correcting step” requiring “recognizing target/differentiator tags having 
the same sequence.” Ex. 1001, 132:56–59. 
c) Conclusion Regarding Obviousness over Bignell and 
McCloskey 
Based on the foregoing, we determine Petitioner has not shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence claims 1, 4–6, or 9 of the ’730 patent would 
have been obvious over Bignell and McCloskey. We find that Bignell and 
McCloskey do not teach claim 1’s “collapsing step,” which is also required 
by dependent claims 4–6, or claim 9’s “correcting step.” 
2. Ground 5 – Obviousness over Bignell, McCloskey, and Bentley 
Petitioner asserts that claims 2 and 3 of the ’730 patent would have 
been obvious over Bignell, McCloskey, and Bentley. Pet. 61–63. Claims 2 
and 3 depend from claim 1. Ex. 1001, 131:28–57. 
Patent Owner argues that for the same reasons discussed above for the 
combination of Bignell and McCloskey, “Bignell, McCloskey, and Bentley 
do not disclose claims 2 and 3 because the combination does not disclose 
claim 1,” and “Petitioner does not argue that the combination of Bignell, 
McCloskey, and Bentley provides any additional support for disclosing the 
elements of claim 1.” PO Resp. 61. 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
55 
 
Petitioner again relies on McCloskey for teaching the required 
“collapsing step.” See Pet. 61–63. Because we have found that McCloskey 
does not disclose the “collapsing step” of claim 1, we determine that 
Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
Bignell, McCloskey, and Bentley render claims 2 and 3 obvious because 
these claims depend from claim 1 and also require the missing “collapsing 
step.” 
3. Ground 6 – Obviousness over Bignell, McCloskey, and Gahan 
Petitioner asserts that claims 6 and 8 of the ’730 patent would have 
been obvious over Bignell, McCloskey, and Gahan. Pet. 63–65. Claims 6 
and 8 depend from claim 1. Ex. 1001, 132:30–32, 132:36–38. 
Patent Owner argues that for the same reasons discussed above for the 
combination of Bignell and McCloskey, “Bignell, McCloskey, and Gahan 
do not disclose claims 6 and 8 because the combination does not disclose 
claim 1,” and “Petitioner does not argue that the combination of Bignell, 
McCloskey, and Gahan provides any additional support for disclosing the 
elements of claim 1.” PO Resp. 62. 
Petitioner again relies on McCloskey for teaching the required 
“collapsing step.” See Pet. 63–65. Because we have found that McCloskey 
does not disclose the “collapsing step” of claim 1, we determine that the 
Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
Bignell, McCloskey, and Gahan render claims 6 and 8 obvious because these 
claims depend from claim 1 and also require the missing “collapsing step.” 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
56 
 
4. Ground 7 – Obviousness over Bignell, McCloskey, and Chiang 
Petitioner asserts that claim 7 of the ’730 patent would have been 
obvious over Bignell, McCloskey, and Chiang. Pet. 65–66. Claim 7 
depends from claim 1. Ex. 1001, 132:33–35. 
Patent Owner argues that for the same reasons discussed above for the 
combination of Bignell and McCloskey, “the combination of Bignell, 
McCloskey, and Chiang does not disclose claim 7 because the combination 
does not disclose claim 1,” and “Petitioner does not argue that the 
combination of Bignell, McCloskey, and Chiang provides any additional 
support for disclosing the elements of claim 1.” PO Resp. 62. 
Petitioner again relies on McCloskey for teaching the required 
“collapsing step.” See Pet. 65–66. Because we have found that McCloskey 
does not disclose the “collapsing step” of claim 1, we determine that the 
Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
Bignell, McCloskey, and Chiang render claim 7 obvious because this claim 
depends from claim 1 and also requires the missing “collapsing step.” 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, we conclude Petitioner has not 
demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–9 of the ’730 
patent are unpatentable. 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–9 of the ’730 patent have not been shown to 
be unpatentable; and 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
57 
 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
In summary: 
 
 
 
 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–4, 9 
102 
Chee 
 
1–4, 9 
1–4, 7, 9 
103 
Chee 
 
1–4, 7, 9 
5, 6, 8 
103 
Chee, Gahan 
 
5, 6, 8 
1, 4–6, 9 
103 
Bignell, McCloskey 
1, 4–6, 9 
2, 3 
103 
Bignell, 
McCloskey, Bentley 
 
2, 3 
6, 8 
103 
Bignell, 
McCloskey, Gahan 
 
6, 8 
7 
103 
Bignell, 
McCloskey, Chiang 
 
7 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1–9 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2024-01419 
Patent 11,840,730 B1 
58 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Thomas Broughan 
Ching-Lee Fukuda 
SIDLEY AUSTIN LLP 
tbroughan@sidley.com 
clfukuda@sidley.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Brian Matty 
Theodoros Konstantakopoulos 
DESMARAIS LLP 
bmatty@desmaraisllp.com 
tkonstantakopoulos@desmaraisllp.com