--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 42 
571-272-7822 
Date: April 18, 2023 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
RESTEM, LLC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
JADI CELL, LLC, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
Before CHRISTOPHER G. PAULRAJ, ROBERT A. POLLOCK, and 
DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
Denying Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
Denying Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
We have jurisdiction to conduct this inter partes review under 
35 U.S.C. § 6, and this Final Written Decision is issued pursuant to 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons that follow, we 
determine that Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claims 1–15 (“the Challenged Claims”) of U.S. Patent No. 9,803,176 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’176 patent”) are unpatentable. 
A. Summary of Procedural History 
RESTEM, LLC, (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition pursuant to 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 311–319 requesting an inter partes review of claims 1–15 of the ’176 
patent. Paper 1 (“Pet.”). Jadi Cell, LLC, (“Patent Owner”) filed a Patent 
Owner Preliminary Response (“Prelim. Resp.”). Paper 7. Based on the 
record then before us, we instituted trial with respect to the Challenged 
Claims on all grounds. Paper 8, 47 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
After institution of trial, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 15, 
“PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 22, 
“Pet. Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply to Petitioner’s Reply 
(Paper 26, “PO Sur-Reply”). 
Both parties filed motions to exclude evidence and replies in support 
of those motions (Patent Owner: Papers 29, 37; Petitioner: Papers 30, 36). 
Both parties opposed each other’s motions to exclude (Patent Owner: Paper 
33; Petitioner: Paper 32). 
We heard oral argument on February 10, 2023. A transcript of that 
hearing is entered as Paper 41 (“Tr.”). Petitioner bears the burden of 
proving unpatentability of each claim it has challenged by a preponderance 
of the evidence, and the burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent Owner. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
3 
See 35 U.S.C. § 326(e) (2018); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d); Dynamic Drinkware, 
LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). This 
Final Written Decision is issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) and 
37 C.F.R. § 42.73. 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies RESTEM LLC as the real party-in-interest for 
Petitioner. Pet. 1. 
Patent Owner identifies Jadi Cell, LLC, as owner and real party-in-
interest of the ’176 patent. Paper 4, 2.1 
C. Related Matters 
Petitioner states that no related litigation matter is pending and that 
the “application that matured into the ‘176 patent was used for a priority 
claim for pending U.S. Application No. 15/799,743, filed on October 31, 
2017, which was used for a priority claim to pending U.S. Application No. 
17/322,672, filed on May 17, 2021.” Pet. 1. 
Patent Owner identifies no related matters. Paper 4, 2. 
D. The ’176 Patent 
The ’176 patent, titled “Methods and Compositions for the Clinical 
Derivation of An Allogenic Cell and Therapeutic Uses” issued October 31, 
2017, from Application No. 13/732,204 (“the ’204 application), filed August 
22, 2013. Ex. 1001, codes (21), (22), (45), (54). 
The ’176 patent discloses “an allogenic cell or stem cell population 
that can be used for treating a wide range of conditions” along with methods 
of “isolating, culturing, developing, or otherwise producing these cells.” Id. 
 
1 Paper 4 is not paginated. We cite to Paper 4 as if paginated beginning on 
the cover page. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
4 
at 7:23–30. The definitions of allogenic cells and stem cells are not disputed 
by the parties. By way of background, however, an “allogenic” cell is one 
that is “genetically different although belonging to or obtained from the 
same species.” See Ex. 3001.2 “Stem cells” are cells with “the ability to 
differentiate along different lineages and the ability to self-renew.” Ex. 
3002,3 Abstract. “Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) are stromal cells that 
have the ability to self-renew and also exhibit multilineage differentiation. 
MSCs can be isolated from a variety of tissues, such as umbilical cord, 
endometrial polyps, menses blood, bone marrow, adipose tissue, etc.” Id. 
According to the ’176 patent, the target allogenic cell or stem cell 
population is obtained from the subepithelial layer (SL) of a mammalian 
umbilical cord using one of a “variety of techniques” so long as the 
technique “allows such extraction without significant damage to the cells.” 
Ex. 1001, 8:1–2, 8:34–38. Figure 1 of the ’176 patent, reproduced below, 
shows a cross section of an umbilical cord. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 American Heritage Dictionary of Medicine, https://search.credoreference. 
com/content/entry/hmmedicaldict/allogeneic_also_allogenic/0 (accessed 
March 29, 2022). 
3 Ding, Dah-Ching, et al., Mesenchymal Stem Cells, CELL TRANSPLANT 
20(1):5–14 (2011). 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
5 
“A cross section of a human umbilical cord is shown in FIG. 1, which shows 
the umbilical artery (UA), the umbilical veins (UV), the Wharton’s Jelly 
(WJ), and the subepithelial layer (SL).” Id. at 7:62–65. 
After extraction, the cells of the SL are placed on a substrate, which 
can be a solid or semi-solid material. Id. at 8:39–9:3. The SL is then 
“cultured in a suitable medium . . . for a period of time sufficient to establish 
primary cell cultures. (e.g. 3-7 days in some cases).” Id. at 9:16–18. The SL 
tissue is then removed and discarded, and the cells are further cultured and 
expanded in larger culture flasks in “either a normoxic or hypoxic culture 
conditions.” Id. at 9:19–22. 
 Example 2 of the ’176 patent describes one method of cell extraction 
and culturing: 
Culturing Cells or Stem Cell from Umbilical Cord 
for Clinical Use 
Umbilical cord tissue is obtained and maternal blood is 
tested for infectious disease prior to derivation of cell and stem 
cell populations. A 1 cm piece of cord is washed 10 times in a 
solution of DPBS containing 10% PRP-Lysate or platelet 
lysate. The umbilical cord is then opened longitudinally to 
expose the interior of the umbilical cord. All tissue is removed 
that can give rise to endothelial cells. The umbilical cord is then 
place [sic, placed] directly into a cell culture dish containing 
Media Composition-1 with the interior of the umbilical cord in 
contact with the plastic and cultured in either normoxic or 
hypoxic culture environments. 
On the third day the media is replaced with fresh Media 
Composition-1 and cultured until day seven when the explants 
are removed for primary cell expansion. The cells are fed every 
other day until approximately 500,000-1,000,000 cells can be 
harvested and further expanded. It is noted that the media used 
for subsequent examples is Media Composition-1 unless 
specifically noted otherwise. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
6 
Id. at 13:50–14:5 (Media Composition-1 is described at 13:31–48). 
After culture is established, the cells can “be utilized as-is upon 
isolation from the SL tissue” or can be “differentiated into other cell 
types . . . by exposing the cells to chemicals, growth factors, supernatants, 
synthetic or naturally occurring compounds, or any other agent capable of 
transforming the cells.” Id. at 10:55–65. 
The ’176 patent discloses that cells isolated from the SL tissue “can 
have a variety of characteristic markers[4] that distinguish them from cell[s] 
previously isolated from umbilical cord samples.” Id. at 7:65–67. Cells 
isolated from SL tissue are disclosed to have the following genetic 
characteristics, as defined by their cell markers: i.e., they “are positive for 
SOX2 and OCT4, and are negative for NANOG as compared to control 
cells” and also “are positive for CD44[,] . . . CD90[, and] CD146.” Id. at 
9:53–60; see also id. at 8:3–33 (providing “[v]arious cellular markers that 
are either present or absent [that] can be utilized in the identification of these 
SL-derived cells”). 
 
4 A “genetic marker” or “cell marker” is “a readily recognizable genetic trait, 
gene, DNA segment, or gene product used for identification purposes 
especially when closely linked to a trait or to genetic material that is difficult 
to identify.” Merriam Webster dictionary: https://www.merriam-
webster.com/dictionary/genetic%20marker#medicalDictionary (accessed 
April 13, 2022). Ex. 3003. This definition is not disputed by the parties. 
 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
7 
E. Illustrative Claim 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–15 of the ’176 patent. Pet. 7. Claim 1 
is independent and claims 2–15 depend from claim 1. Ex. 1001, 19:5–20:28. 
Claim 1 is illustrative of the claimed subject matter and is reproduced below. 
1. An isolated cell prepared by a process comprising: 
placing a subepithelial layer of a mammalian umbilical 
cord tissue in direct contact with a growth 
substrate; and 
culturing the subepithelial layer such that the isolated cell 
from the subepithelial layer is capable of self-
renewal and culture expansion, 
wherein the isolated cell expresses at least three cell 
markers selected from the group consisting of 
CD29, CD73, CD90, CD166, SSEA4, CD9, CD44, 
CD146, or CD105, and 
wherein the isolated cell does not express NANOG and at 
least five cell markers selected from the group 
consisting of CD45, CD34, CD14, CD79, CD106, 
CD86, CD80, CD19, CD117, Stro-1, or HLA-DR. 
 
Claims 1–9 and 11–15 recite isolated cells with various characteristics 
or culture environments, and claim 10 recites a culture of differentiated cells 
derived from the isolated cell of claim 1. Id. at 19:20–20:28. 
F. Prior Art and Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that the Challenged Claims are unpatentable based 
on the following grounds: 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
8 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–13, 15 
1025 
Majore6 
2 
14 
103 
Majore, Mistry7 
3 
1–13, 15 
103 
Majore, Pierantozzi,8 
Rojewski,9 Meiron,10 
Riekstina11 
4 
14 
103 
Majore, Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, Mistry 
5 
1–15 
103 
Phan,12 Pierantozzi, 
 
5 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 
Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective 
March 16, 2013. Because the ’176 patent claims priority to a provisional 
application filed prior to the effective date of these AIA amendments, and 
there is no dispute over priority date, we apply the pre-AIA version of 
35 U.S.C. § 102 and § 103. 
6 Ingrida Majore, et al., Growth and Differentiation Properties of 
Mesenchymal Stromal Cell Populations Derived from Whole Human 
Umbilical Cord, STEM CELL REV. AND REP. 7:17–31 (2011) (Ex. 1011, 
“Majore”). 
7 Sanjay Mistry, et al, U.S. Pat. No. US 7,510,873 B2, issued Mar. 31, 2009 
(Ex. 1015, “Mistry”). 
8 Enrico Pierantozzi, et al., Pluripotency Regulators in Human Mesenchymal 
Stem Cells: Expression of NANOG But Not of OCT-4 and SOX-2, STEM 
CELLS AND DEV. 20(5):915–923 (2011) (Ex. 1012, “Pierantozzi”). 
9 Markus Thomas Rojewski, et al., Phenotypic Characterization of 
Mesenchymal Stem Cells from Various Tissues, TRANSFUS. MED. 
HEMOTHER., 35:168–184 (2008) (Ex. 1014, “Rojewski”). 
10 Moran Meiron, et al., WO 2009/037690 Al, published March 26, 2009 
(Ex. 1016, “Meiron”). 
11 Una Riekstina, et al., Embryonic Stem Cell Marker Expression Pattern in 
Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells Derived from Bone Marrow, Adipose 
Tissue, Heart and Dermis, STEM CELL REV. AND REP. 5:378–386 (2009) (Ex. 
1013, “Riekstina”). 
12 Toan-Thang Phan and Ivor Jiun Lim, WO 2006/019357 Al, published 
February 23, 2006 (Ex. 1017, “Phan”). 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
9 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Riekstina 
6 
1–8, 10–13, 15 
103 
Kita,13 Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Riekstina 
7 
14 
103 
Kita, Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Riekstina, Mistry 
8 
9 
103 
Kita, Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Majore 
 
Pet. 7. Petitioner alleges “all of the cited references qualify as prior art even 
if the challenged claims were found to be entitled to the filing date of the 
first provisional application” and provides evidence of the public availability 
of these references. Id. at 3–6. Patent Owner does not challenge the prior 
art status of any asserted reference. See generally PO Resp. 
In support of its Petition, Petitioner relies on the supporting First and 
Second Declarations of its expert Scott Olson, Ph.D. Ex. 1007 (“First Olson 
Dec.”), Ex. 1089 (“Second Olson Dec.”). Patent Owner relies on the 
supporting declarations of inventor Amit Patel, M.D. (Ex. 2009); 2017 Rule 
132 Declaration of Applicant Dr. Amit Patel (Ex. 2011); and the expert 
declarations of Camillo Ricordi, M.D. (Ex. 2002), Kristine Krafts, M.D. (Ex. 
2017), and Scott Burger, M.D. (Exs. 2022, 2027). 
 
13 Katsuhiro Kita, et al., Isolation and Characterization of Mesenchymal 
Stem Cells From the Sub-Amniotic Human Umbilical Cord Lining 
Membrane, STEM CELLS AND DEV. 19(4):491–501 (2009) (Ex. 1010, 
“Kita”). 
 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
10 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). 
“A claim is anticipated [under 35 U.S.C. § 102] only if each and every 
element as set forth in the claim is found, either expressly or inherently 
described, in a single prior art reference.” Verdegaal Bros. Inc. v. Union Oil 
Co., 814 F.2d 628, 631 (Fed. Cir. 1987). “A reference may anticipate 
inherently if a claim limitation that is not expressly disclosed ‘is necessarily 
present, or inherent, in the single anticipating reference.’ The inherent result 
must inevitably result from the disclosed steps; ‘[i]nherency . . . may not be 
established by probabilities or possibilities.’” In re Montgomery, 677 F.3d 
1375, 1379–80 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (citations omitted, alterations in original). 
Whether a reference anticipates is assessed from the perspective of an 
ordinarily skilled artisan. See Dayco Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 
329 F.3d 1358, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003). 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that 
the subject matter, as a whole, would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said 
subject matter pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). In Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1 (1966), the Supreme 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
11 
Court set out a framework for assessing obviousness under § 103 that 
requires consideration of four factors: (1) the “level of ordinary skill in the 
pertinent art,” (2) the “scope and content of the prior art,” (3) the 
“differences between the prior art and the claims at issue,” and (4) 
“secondary considerations” (or “objective indicia”)14 of nonobviousness 
such as “commercial success, long felt but unsolved needs, failure of others, 
etc.” Id. at 17–18; KSR, 550 U.S. at 407. 
Where the challenged claim is a product-by-process claim, analysis of 
patentability focuses on the product: 
[E]ven though product-by-process claims are limited by and 
defined by the process, determination of patentability is based 
on the product itself. . . . 
The patentability of a product does not depend on its method of 
production. If the product in the product-by-process claim is 
the same as or obvious from a product of the prior art, the claim 
is unpatentable even though the prior product was made by a 
different process. 
 
14 Patent Owner has presented objective indicia evidence to support non-
obviousness in this processing. See PO Resp. 66–69. However, because we 
determine that Petitioner has not met its burden to establish obviousness 
under the first three Graham factors, we need not address this objective 
indicia evidence. See Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co. v. Sandoz, Inc., 678 F.3d 
1280, 1296 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (“Because we agree with the district court that 
the Defendants failed to prove that claim 12 of the ’528 patent would have 
been prima facie obvious over the asserted prior art compounds, we need not 
address the court's findings regarding objective evidence of 
nonobviousness.”); ProBatter Sports, LLC v. Sports Tutor, Inc., 680 
Fed.Appx. 972, 976 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“Because we conclude that Sports 
Tutor failed to establish obviousness by clear and convincing evidence even 
without considering ProBatter's contrary evidence, we need not address 
ProBatter's evidence of objective indicia of nonobviousness.”). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
12 
In re Thorpe, 777 F.2d 695, 698 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (citations omitted). See 
also Amgen Inc. v. F. Hoffman-La Roche Ltd., 580 F.3d 1340, 1370 n.14 
(Fed. Cir. 2009) (“Because validity is determined based on the requirements 
of patentability, a patent is invalid if a product made by the process recited 
in a product-by-process claim is anticipated by or obvious from prior art 
products, even if those prior art products are made by different processes.”); 
see also Purdue Pharma L.P. v. Epic Pharma, LLC, 811 F.3d 1345 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016). 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
“The level of skill in the art is a factual determination” that provides a 
primary guarantee of objectivity in an obviousness analysis. Al-Site Corp. v. 
VSI Int’l Inc., 174 F.3d 1308, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (citing Graham, 383 
U.S. at 17–18); Ryko Mfg. Co. v. Nu-Star, Inc., 950 F.2d 714, 718 (Fed. Cir. 
1991)). 
Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“skilled 
artisan”) at the time of the invention would have had 
at least a doctorate degree in cell biology, molecular biology, or 
a similar field with at least three years of experience in research 
relating to umbilical cord stem cells, or an Bachelor’s degree in 
cell biology, molecular biology, or a similar field, with 
approximately 10 years of experience relating to umbilical cord 
stem cells. . . . Additional education might substitute for 
experience, while significant experience in the field of 
umbilical cord stem cell biology or post-natal tissue-derived 
stem cell biology might substitute for formal education. 
Pet. 15 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 19–24). Patent Owner does not comment on the 
characterization offered by Petitioner or offer one of its own. See generally 
PO Resp. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
13 
 
In our Institution Decision, we found Petitioner’s characterization 
consistent with the level of skill in the art at the time of the invention as 
reflected by the ’176 patent and the cited prior art, and adopted it. Inst. Dec. 
11. Neither party further addressed the level of skill in subsequent briefing. 
We find no reason to disturb our original analysis and continue to apply 
Petitioner’s characterization herein. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 
1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific findings regarding 
ordinary skill level are not required “where the prior art itself reflects an 
appropriate level and a need for testimony is not shown” (quoting Litton 
Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 
1985))). 
C. Weight to Give Expert Testimony 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Olson’s declaration testimony should be 
excluded in its entirety, or, in the alternative, that ¶¶ 92–234 of Dr. Olson’s 
First Declaration (Ex. 1007) and ¶¶ 25–87 of his Second Declaration (Ex. 
1089) should be excluded “as improper expert testimony under FRE 702–
703.” Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence (Paper 29, “PO MTE”), 
1. Patent Owner argues that “most of Dr. Olson’s opinions, if not all, are 
tethered to the facts only by the ‘say so’ of Olson.” Id. at 3. Patent Owner 
identifies six examples of testimony proffered by Dr. Olson that Patent 
Owner argues are unsupported by data, even where Dr. Olson could have 
generated his own data to support his position. Id. at 3–15. Patent Owner 
also argues that Dr. Olson’s own deposition testimony and the evidence of 
record contradicts Dr. Olson’s declaration testimony. Id. at 6, 8. Patent 
Owner argues that Dr. Olson’s declaration testimony, particularly his Second 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
14 
Declaration, merely parrots Petitioner’s arguments without independent 
analysis, and that certain opinions are demonstrably false. Id. at 12–15. 
Petitioner responds that Patent Owner’s motion does not properly 
challenge Dr. Olson’s expert declarations, but instead attempts to argue the 
weight of the evidence. Petitioner’s Opposition to Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Exclude (Paper 36, “Pet. Opp. MTE”), 1–7. Petitioner contends that Dr. 
Olson’s opinions are founded on the ’176 patent and the prior art references. 
Id. at 7. Petitioner argues that the Board has discretion and is able to 
consider the evidence. Id. at 2. 
Patent Owner replies that Petitioner’s response does not address the 
factual insufficiencies in Dr. Olson’s testimony. Patent Owner’s Reply in 
Support of its Motion to Exclude Evidence (Paper 37, “PO MTE Reply”), 1. 
Patent Owner reiterates the bases for its motion for exclusion and argues that 
Petitioner did not show where the ’176 patent and prior art or other record 
evidence supported Dr. Olson’s opinions, leaving them “neither 
scientifically sound nor reliable.” Id. at 2–5. 
We begin by assessing Dr. Olson’s ability to testify as to the level of 
skill in the art. A witness offering expert testimony as to the understanding 
of one of ordinary skill in the art must have at least ordinary skill to provide 
relevant and reliable testimony that is helpful to the factfinder. Kyocera 
Senco Indus. Tools, Inc. v. ITC, 22 F.4th 1369, 1376–77 (Fed. Cir. 2022). 
Dr. Olson has a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Biochemistry and a Ph.D. in 
Interdisciplinary Molecular and Cellular Biology. Ex. 1003 ¶ 9. Dr. Olson 
has studied adult stem/progenitor cells for 19 years and has published 30 
research papers on mesenchymal stromal cells (MSCs). Id. ¶¶ 8, 11. We 
find this level of skill meets the qualifications for the level of ordinary skill 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
15 
in the art under the training and experience portion of the definition we have 
adopted for purposes of this opinion (see § II.B.). Accordingly, we find Dr. 
Olson qualified to opine on the level of ordinary skill with regard to issues 
of umbilical cord stem cells, including mesenchymal stromal cells and 
molecular and cellular biology techniques used to cultivate them. 
 
We now turn to the substance of Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Dr. Olson’s testimony. Patent Owner asks us to exclude the declarations in 
their entirety, or certain sections defined by numbered paragraphs. PO MTE 
1. We begin by examining the subject paragraphs, ¶¶ 92–234 of Dr. Olson’s 
First Declaration and ¶¶ 25–87 of his Second Declaration. This testimony 
largely provides the basis for Dr. Olson’s opinions on unpatentability of the 
Challenged Claims. Included within the large span of the First Declaration 
that Patent Owner seeks to exclude are paragraphs describing the processes 
used in the prior art references and results obtained from those prior art 
processes, without corresponding opinion testimony as to what limitations 
the references teach or whether they anticipate or render the Challenged 
Claims obvious. See, e.g., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 92, 95, 99, 128–130, 134, 138, 141, 
143, 151, 155, 186, 187, 190, 192, 203–207, 209, 219, 230. The challenged 
testimony also contains other explanatory material that we find helpful in 
understanding the prior art references. See, e.g., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 110, 119, 231. 
It also contains an analysis of the opposing expert’s testimony and 
reasoning. See Ex. 1089 ¶¶ 28–31, 57–59, 74. In short, we find Patent 
Owner’s Motion to Exclude overreaches in attempting to exclude testimony 
that is helpful to the trier of fact and in broadly characterizing Dr. Olson’s 
analysis as entirely without basis. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
16 
“The Board has broad discretion to assign weight to be accorded 
expert testimony.” Consolidated Trial Practice Guide 35 (available at 
https://www.uspto.gov/TrialPracticeGuideConsolidated) (“CTPG”). In 
reviewing and according weight to Dr. Olson’s testimony, as well as the 
testimony provided by the other experts in this proceeding, Dr. Krafts, Dr. 
Ricordi, and Dr. Burger, we have separately considered whether each aspect 
of their testimony is supported by the disclosures of the prior art references, 
the challenged patent, and other evidence of record. See Elbit Sys. of Am., 
LLC v. Thales Visionix, Inc., 881 F.3d 1354, 1358 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (“The 
[Patent Trial and Appeal Board (‘PTAB’)] [i]s entitled to weigh the 
credibility of the witnesses.”); Icon Health & Fitness, Inc. v. Strava, Inc., 
849 F.3d 1034, 1041 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“To the extent [a party] challenges 
the PTAB’s factual findings, . . . the PTAB is permitted to weigh expert 
testimony and other record evidence and, in so doing, rely on certain 
portions of an expert’s declaration while disregarding others.”). In so doing, 
we may accord an expert’s testimony little weight when it contains an exact 
and conclusory restatement of the petition’s arguments without any 
additional supporting evidence or reasoning. Xerox Corp. v. Bytemark, Inc., 
IPR2022-00624, Paper 9 at 15–16 (PTAB Aug. 24, 2022)) (Decision 
Denying Institution) (precedential) (finding that expert’s conclusory 
assertions that repeat the proposition for which they are offered without “any 
additional supporting evidence or provide any technical reasoning” in 
support are “conclusory and unsupported, add little to the conclusory 
assertion[s] for which [they are] offered to support, and [are] entitled to little 
weight”); see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.65(a) (“Expert testimony that does not 
disclose the underlying facts or data on which the opinion is based is entitled 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
17 
to little or no weight.”); Upjohn Co. v. Mova Pharm. Corp., 225 F.3d 1306, 
1311 (Fed. Cir. 2000) (“Lack of factual support for expert opinion going to 
factual determinations, however, may render the testimony of little probative 
value in a validity determination.”) (quoting Ashland Oil, Inc. v. Delta 
Resins & Refractories, Inc., 776 F.2d 281, 294 (Fed. Cir. 1985)). We 
therefore deny Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude, but consider the critiques 
of Dr. Olson’s testimony as we analyze Petitioner’s grounds. 
D. Claim Interpretation 
We apply the same claim interpretation standard that would be used to 
construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.100(b). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally given their 
ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of ordinary 
skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 
1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). “In determining the meaning of 
the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic evidence of 
record, examining the claim language itself, the written description, and the 
prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. v. Medtronic 
Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (citing Phillips, 
415 F.3d at 1312–17). Extrinsic evidence is “less significant than the 
intrinsic record in determining ‘the legally operative meaning of claim 
language.’” Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1317. 
 
The parties proposed multiple terms for construction. Pet. 16–20; 
PO Resp. 7–14. On the current record, and in view of the disputed issues, 
we need only interpret “placing a sub-epithelial layer . . . in direct contact 
with a growth substrate,” and “expresses/does not express” to render our 
judgment. See Wellman, Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
18 
(Fed. Cir. 2011) (“[C]laim terms need only be construed ‘to the extent 
necessary to resolve the controversy.’”) (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. 
Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
1. “placing a sub-epithelial layer . . . in direct contact with a growth 
substrate” 
Petitioner argues that “direct contact with a growth substrate” should 
be interpreted to mean “direct contact with any material capable of being 
used to obtain explants.” Pet. 18–19 (citing Ex. 1001, 2:29–30; 8:62–64); 
Ex. 1007 ¶ 71. Petitioner points to disclosures in the ’176 patent that teach 
“[a] variety of techniques can be utilized to extract the isolated cells of the 
present disclosure from the SL, and any such technique that allows such 
extraction without significant damage to the cells is considered to be within 
the present scope.” Ex. 1001, 8:34–39; Pet. 16; Pet. Reply 3. 
Patent Owner contends that “placing a sub-epithelial layer . . . in 
direct contact with a growth substrate” should be interpreted to mean 
“placing the exposed subepithelial layer of an umbilical cord interior side 
down such that the exposed subepithelial layer is in direct contact with the 
growth substrate” (hereafter the “interior side down” embodiment). 
PO Resp. 7–8. Patent Owner cites the Specification at 8:51–54 and inventor 
Dr. Patel’s 2017 Declaration in which he specifies that, in his isolated cell 
preparation method, the “[u]mbilical cord tissue . . . placed interior side 
down such that the subepithelial layer was in contact with the growth 
substrate.” Ex. 2011 ¶ 6. Patent Owner argues “placing” requires 
intentional action and that its interpretation of “placing . . . in direct contact 
with a growth substrate” supports contacting the subepithelial layer interior 
side down. PO Resp. 8. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
19 
At oral argument, Patent Owner’s counsel conceded that of the 
multiple embodiments in the Specification, its proposed interpretation is 
supported by the particular embodiment disclosed at paragraph 8, lines 39–
54: 
the umbilical cord is cut open; the Wharton’s jelly is removed, 
and, quote, the remaining umbilical cord tissue can then be 
placed interior side down on a substrate such that an interior 
side of the SL, of subepithelial layer, is in direct contact with 
the substrate. 
Tr. 33:21–34:15 (referencing Ex. 1001, 8:39–54). 
Petitioner replies that, despite this exemplary embodiment, the ’176 
patent does not require any specific orientation and “does not disclose 
anywhere that the SL must be placed interior side down.” Pet. Reply 4 
(citing Ex. 1089 ¶¶ 7–9). Petitioner argues that the phrase “direct contact” is 
broader than interior side down orientation, and that Patent Owner’s expert 
conceded this in deposition. Id. (citing Ex. 1083, 236:12–237:23). 
Petitioner argues that the scope of the ’176 patent’s Specification is 
inconsistent with Patent Owner’s proposed definition and its expert’s 
interpretation. Id. at 5. Petitioner cites Dr. Burger’s testimony that making 
an isolated cell according to the patent would not include growing MSCs in 
a tissue culture flask because placing the subepithelial layer requires a flat, 
stable surface and a tissue culture flask can be moved. Id. (citing Ex. 1083, 
61:20–62:9). Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s position is wrong 
because the Specification does not disavow any claim scope for the claims at 
issue. Id. (citing Continental Circuits LLC v. Intel Corp., 915 F.3d 788, 
796–97 (Fed. Cir. 2019)). 
Patent Owner acknowledges that the Specification is broader than the 
claims at issue, and cites cases supporting its argument that the claims can 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
20 
nevertheless be more limited where they focus on certain embodiments. 
PO Sur-Reply 18–19 (citing ScriptPro LLC v. Innovation Assocs., 833 F.3d 
1336, 1341–42 (Fed. Cir. 2016); E-Pass Techs., Inc. v. 3Com Corp., 343 
F.3d 1364, 1370 (Fed. Cir. 2003); and SRI Int’l v. Matsushita Elec. Corp., 
775 F.2d 1107, 1121 (Fed. Cir. 1985)). 
Beginning with the language of claim 1, we examine the surrounding 
phrases within the claim that give context to the term at issue: “An isolated 
cell prepared by a process comprising placing a subepithelial layer of 
mammalian umbilical cord tissue in direct contact with a growth substrate; 
and culturing the subepithelial layer . . .” Because the purpose of the recited 
process is to culture the cells, we interpret “placing a subepithelial layer of 
umbilical cord tissue in direct contact with a growth substrate” as meaning 
“to intentionally place umbilical cord tissue comprising the subepithelial 
layer so that it touches a growth substrate to permit cell culture.” 
Turning to the Specification, we find that the disclosures of 
“subepithelial layer” do not uniformly require its isolation from the 
umbilical cord or removing Wharton’s jelly prior to the “placing” step. See, 
e.g., Ex. 1001, 2:19–20 (“[i]n one aspect, dissecting the subepithelial layer 
further includes removing Wharton’s Jelly from the umbilical cord”); 2:21–
23 (“[t]he subepithelial layer can be cultured in any media capable of 
producing explants therefrom, and any such medium is considered to be 
within the present scope”); 8:34–39 (“[a] variety of techniques can be 
utilized to extract the isolated cells of the present disclosure from the SL, 
and any such technique that allows such extraction without significant 
damage to the cells is considered to be within the present scope”). 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
21 
We acknowledge that the embodiment disclosed in the Specification 
at 8:39–58 discloses dissecting the subepithelial layer from the umbilical 
cord, washing it to remove Wharton’s jelly, and placing it interior side down 
on a substrate, either whole or in pieces. But this embodiment is narrower 
than the remainder of the disclosure, discussed above, which does not 
require isolation of the subepithelial layer or removal of Wharton’s jelly. 
“[T]here is a strong presumption against a claim construction that excludes a 
disclosed embodiment.” See Nobel Biocare Svcs. AG v. Instradent USA, 
903 F.3d 1365, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (quoting In re Katz Interactive Call 
Processing Patent Litig., 639 F.3d 1303, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 2011)). While our 
reviewing court has observed that “[i]t is often the case that different claims 
are directed to and cover different disclosed embodiments,” it has also 
“cautioned against interpreting a claim term in a way that excludes disclosed 
embodiments, when that term has multiple ordinary meanings consistent 
with the intrinsic record.” Helmsderfer v. Bobrick Washroom Equip., Inc., 
527 F.3d 1379, 1383 (Fed. Cir. 2008); see also Verizon Servs. Corp. v. 
Vonage Holdings Corp., 503 F.3d 1295, 1305 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“We 
normally do not interpret claim terms in a way that excludes disclosed 
examples in the specification.”). 
Here, “placing a subepithelial layer of umbilical cord tissue in direct 
contact with a growth substrate” can be interpreted consistently with the 
intrinsic record to cover multiple embodiments. Patent Owner has offered 
no clear disavowal of claim scope or evidence of broader claims in a parent 
application that would support interpretation of claim 1 to cover a narrower 
embodiment only. See iRobot Corp. v. ITC, 767 F. App’x 944, 947–48 (Fed. 
Cir. 2019) (finding claims did not need to be coextensive with specification 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
22 
where parent claim contained “claims relating to a breadth of embodiments” 
and the continuation-in-part (CIP) application at issue contained narrower 
claims directed to a single embodiment). 
The same principles apply to “direct contact.” The purpose of the 
process is to culture cells, and claim 1 instructs that the subepithelial layer 
must be “in direct contact.” Ex. 1001, 19:6–7. But the Specification does 
not specify the orientation in all embodiments when discussing placing the 
subepithelial layer on the culture substrate, and in some instances indicates 
that culture occurs without interior side down contact. See id. at 2:9–17 
(describing method that “can include” dissecting subepithelial layer from 
umbilical cord and placing it interior side down); ); 2:29–36 (substrate used 
for culture can be any substrate capable of deriving explants and 
subepithelial layer can be plac)ed on it without additional pretreatment); and 
2:37–40 (“[a]ny type of semi-solid substrate that is capable of supporting the 
subepithelial layer during the culturing procedure is considered to be within 
the present scope”). The sole use of “direct contact” is in claim 1. Patent 
Owner has provided no evidence of claim disavowal that would lead us to 
conclude that the Challenged Claims are properly drawn to a portion of the 
Specification and should be interpreted to require an interior side down 
orientation. 
Patent Owner’s cited cases do not persuade us that the claims can 
nevertheless be more limited where they focus on certain embodiments. See 
PO Sur-Reply 18–19. In ScriptPro, the invention related to a “collating 
unit” used with a control center and an automatic dispensing system to store 
prescription containers after a medication has been dispensed into the 
containers. 833 F.3d at 1338. The Federal Circuit addressed “whether the 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
23 
’601 patent’s specification limits the invention to a collating unit that sorts 
and stores prescription containers by patient-identifying information and slot 
availability.” Id. The district court had found the asserted claims invalid 
under 35 U.S.C. § 112 for lack of written description because the claim 
scope was broader than the specification. Id. On review, the Federal Circuit 
reversed and held that the specification did not limit the claimed invention 
because the patent in question disclosed multiple problems that the invention 
could solve, including other sorting methods not linked to patient-identifying 
information. Id. at 1340–41. ScriptPro does not apply here because Patent 
Owner here asks us to construe the term more narrowly than the full scope 
the Specification teaches, not to find that a broad claim is limited by the 
disclosure of the specification. 
In E-Pass, the patent at issue disclosed a method and device for 
substituting a single electronic multifunction card for multiple credit cards. 
343 F.3d at 1365. In construing the claim terms, the district court required 
that the “multi-function card” operate as a single purpose card, and 
interpreted the claim to cover only a card of the size that would fit within an 
ATM terminal, to allow the multifunction card to be interchangeable with a 
credit card. Id. at 1366–67. On review, the Federal Circuit found the district 
court should have interpreted the claim according to its plain meaning absent 
evidence that the patentee acted as its own lexicographer in defining terms 
or clearly disclaimed coverage during prosecution. Id. at 1369. Here, Patent 
Owner has done neither. Patent Owner could have written the claim to 
recite “an isolated subepithelial layer,” which would have distinguished the 
recited claim from embodiments covering cut sections of umbilical cord, but 
did not. And as described above, Patent Owner did not disclaim any scope 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
24 
for the “direct contact” limitation of claim 1 or identify broader claims that 
were once pending in a parent application. 
We likewise find SRI does not alter our assessment. The section cited 
by Patent Owner states general claim construction principles, including that 
claims are interpreted in light of the specification and that not everything 
expressed in the specification need be read into all the claims. 775 F.2d at 
1121. SRI does not apply the cited principle, but instead resolves the claim 
interpretation issue on the basis of claim differentiation. Id. at 1121. 
Patent Owner did not disclaim any scope for the Challenged Claims. 
Claim 1 is independent and claim differentiation does not apply. Not all 
instances of the Specification disclose isolation of the subepithelial layer. 
We therefore construe “placing a subepithelial layer of umbilical cord tissue 
in direct contact with a growth substrate” consistent with its plain meaning 
and generally consistent with Petitioner’s arguments as “orienting umbilical 
cord tissue comprising the subepithelial layer such that the subepithelial 
layer touches a growth substrate to permit culturing.” Because the 
Specification does not disclose only embodiments in which the subepithelial 
layer alone is isolated before culturing, or expressly require that the interior 
side down of the subepithelial layer is placed onto the culture medium, we 
decline to import those limitations into the claims.15 
 
15 See also Ex. 1089 ¶ 18, in which Dr. Olson testifies that it would be 
“extremely challenging” to remove all Wharton’s jelly from the SL and the 
methods of the ’176 patent would not accomplish this; Ex. 2027 ¶ 39; 
Ex. 1083, 277:24–278:14; 282:5–12 (Dr. Burger acknowledging removing 
Wharton’s jelly is challenging). 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
25 
2. expresses/does not express 
Petitioner proposes that “expresses” “[a]s it pertains to biological 
markers means that the marker is detected above the level of a negative 
control.” Pet. 18. Petitioner relies on Dr. Olson’s testimony that marker 
expression can be measured by qualitative or quantitative means, and is 
compared against a negative control to distinguish detection or lack of 
detection from background noise. Id. at 17–18 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 69). 
Patent Owner proposes that “expresses” means “the marker is 
detected above the level of a negative control in a significantly high 
percentage of the isolated cells tested.” PO Resp. 12. Patent Owner relies 
on the testimony of Dr. Burger that the term must be read in context with 
“culturing” and “self-renewal and culture expansion” by interpreting the 
claims in a manner that accounts for the purity of the cells. Id. at 12–13 
(citing Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 88–94). 
Petitioner argues Patent Owner’s definition is ambiguous because it 
lacks a metric for determining a “significantly high percentage of cells” and 
cites Dr. Burger’s testimony acknowledging that determining whether cells 
are positive for a given marker “depends on the cell and the marker” and that 
what “significantly” means may vary. Pet. Reply 7–18 (citing Ex. 1083, 
250:10–20, 252:10–19, 252:20–253:9, 256:18–257:10. Petitioner notes that 
Dr. Burger agreed that the ’176 patent did not disclose a way to determine 
whether markers were positive or negative including how to assess for a 
“significantly high percentage of cells.” Id. at 8 (citing Ex. 1083, 250:21–
252:19; 253:10–19; 255:6–257:10). 
Patent Owner responds that the skilled artisan and Petitioner’s own 
experts understand “expression or non-expression of surface markers in 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
26 
terms of cell populations.” PO Sur-reply 20 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 49, 53 and 
Ex. 1085, 24:18–25). Patent Owner notes that Dr. Olson testified that 
determining whether a surface marker is expressed depends on the situation, 
the markers, the controls, and the measurements. Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 2034, 
30:21–31:12; 32:5–17; 36:17–37:16). 
Claim 1 recites that the isolated cell 1) does not express NANOG; 
2) expresses at least three of markers CD29, CD73, CD90, CD166, SSEA4, 
CD9, CD44, CD146, and CD105; and 3) does not express at least five of the 
markers CD45, CD34, CD14, CD79, CD106, CD86, CD80, CD19, CD117, 
Stro-1, and HLA-DR. Aside from identifying the cell markers that the 
isolated cell does and does not express, claim 1 does not provide any further 
information about what “expresses” means. 
Turning to intrinsic evidence, we note neither party has cited relevant 
prosecution history. The Specification does not elaborate on how expression 
is analyzed, but discloses that the markers are used to “distinguish [the 
isolated cells] from cell[s] previously isolated from umbilical cord samples” 
and that “[v]arious cellular markers that are either present or absent can be 
utilized in the identification of these SL-derived cells, and as such, can be 
used to show the novelty of the isolated cells.” Ex. 1001, 7:65–8:6. 
Because the intrinsic evidence does not permit us to define with 
particularity how the ordinarily skilled artisan would have assessed a 
positive or negative result, as is necessary to assess the asserted prior art, we 
review the expert testimony for guidance on what an ordinarily skilled 
artisan would have understood regarding how to confirm whether an isolated 
cell expresses/does not express the markers of claim 1. Both experts agree 
that, at the time of the invention, marker analysis was performed at a cell 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
27 
population level. See Ex. 2034, 34:3–6; Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 88, 89, 91 (“expresses” 
refers to “the fraction of the population of tested cells that express a marker” 
as shown in the ’176 patent Specification, which tested plural cells; ISCT 
criteria specify that “≥95% of the MSC population must express [three 
markers,] CD105, CD73 and CD90, as measured by flow cytometry,” to 
qualify as MSCs (alteration in original)); Ex. 1083, 103:18–105:20 
(Dr. Burger describing how expression is determined on a population of 
cells using flow cytometry); Ex. 1089 ¶ 23 (Dr. Olson describing testing 
cells in a population for markers against positive and negative controls). 
Dr. Olson opines that the cell markers recited in the ’176 patent are 
“common surface markers used to characterize native or expanded MSCs 
from various tissues and have known biological functions” and that their 
expression or non-expression patterns “would be expected in “‘stromal 
cells’” generally, of which MSCs are one type” but that heterogeneity of 
expression of markers could be affected by “variability in, inter alia, 
isolation procedure, in vitro culturing conditions, and marker detection 
methods, even when the MSCs are derived from the same tissue.” Ex. 1007 
¶ 56. 
Dr. Burger clarifies that the figures of the ’176 patent exemplify 
expression and non-expression patterns of the claimed “isolated cell” based 
on marker expression of multiple cells. Ex. 2022 ¶ 89. Dr. Burger 
references ISCT criteria16 as exemplifying expression as “≥95% of the MSC 
 
16 The International Society for Cellular Therapy is “a global society of 
clinicians, regulators, researchers, technologists, and industry partners with a 
shared vision to translate cell and gene therapy into safe and effective 
therapies to improve patients’ lives worldwide.” See 
https://www.isctglobal.org/about/about-us (accessed March 30, 2023) 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
28 
population must express [three markers,] CD105, CD73 and CD90, as 
measured by flow cytometry” and non-expression “≤2%” of cells testing 
positive for the specified markers.” Ex. 2022 ¶ 91 (alteration in original). 
Briefly considering the asserted prior art (solely for purposes of 
determining how the term “express” was used in the art), the references use 
multiple methods including quantification of data from immunofluorescence 
microscopy and RT-PCR17 analysis relative to positive and negative controls 
to assess expression patterns. See, e.g., Ex. 1010, 494–95; Ex. 1013, 384, 
Fig. 3. Considering this information together, and consistent with our 
interpretation of “isolated cell” as indicating a cell population and generally 
consistent with Petitioner’s proposed interpretation, we interpret “expresses” 
to mean that “the marker is confirmed present relative to a control sample,” 
and that “does not express” means that “the marker is confirmed absent 
relative to a control sample.” and that “does not express” means that “the 
marker is confirmed absent relative to a control sample.” Using such 
techniques, evidence of expression or non-expression patterns as recited in 
the Challenged Claims can be used to identify and distinguish the isolated 
cell population from other cell populations.18 
 
17 RT-PCR is reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction analysis. 
18 We note that both experts agree that expression and non-expression can be 
influenced by factors such as culture conditions and cell-to-cell interactions. 
See, e.g., Ex. 1003 ¶ 49 (“the MSCs isolated from umbilical cord tissues 
were heterogeneous with respect to primitive marker expression (e.g., Oct-4, 
Nanog, Sox-2, or SSEA-4) and that the marker expression could turn on or 
off depending on culture conditions”); Ex. 2027 ¶ 30 (“Gene expression, 
including expression of genes for cell markers, is affected by many factors 
including, but without limitation, senescence, the cell-to-cell interaction 
facilitated by the proximity of other tissues or cells, or other biochemical 
signals or proteins that trigger changes in gene expression.”). Despite these 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
29 
We determine that no other interpretation of any claim term is 
necessary. See Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 
868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (holding that only terms in 
controversy must be construed and only to the extent necessary to resolve 
the controversy) (citing Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, 200 F.3d 
795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
E. Ground 1– Anticipation of Claims 1–13, and 15 by Majore 
1. Majore (Ex. 1011) 
Majore discloses isolating mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) from 
human umbilical cord (UC) tissue to create highly proliferative isolated 
cells. Ex. 1011, 17. Majore discloses that “cells isolated from whole UC 
satisfies [sic] all requirements essential for the generation of stem cell banks 
containing permanently available cell material for applications in the field of 
regenerative medicine.” Id. 
Majore describes a method for isolation of MSCs as follows: 
For cell isolation from whole UC an explant culture approach 
was employed. Human UCs (MK 240707, HD 140509, NS 
010408, NS 190109) were obtained from term delivery (38–40 
weeks) by Cesarean section patients (n=4) . . . Blood from UC 
vessels was removed and the UC was placed in PBS (phosphate 
buffered saline) enriched with 5 g/l glucose (Sigma Aldrich), 50 
μg/ml gentamicine (PAA Laboratories), 2.5 μg/ml amphotericin 
B (Sigma Aldrich), 100 U/ml penicillin and 100 μg/ml 
streptomycin (PAA Laboratories). At the laboratory UC was 
 
known influences, the ’176 patent provides no guidance regarding how to 
assess expression or non-expression for purposes of distinguishing the 
claimed isolated cell from other MSCs. See Ex. 1089 ¶ 20 (“the ‘176 patent 
does not mention any factor that could change marker expression, such as 
the media or culture conditions, and does not describe or claim unique tissue 
culture conditions or media to achieve any desired result”). 
 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
30 
cut into approx. 10 cm large segments which further were 
minced in ca. 0.5 cm3 large pieces and placed in 175-cm2 tissue 
culture flasks (Sarstedt). Then these pieces were incubated in 
αMEM (Invitrogen) enriched with 15% of allologous human 
serum . . . A beginning outgrowth of an adherent cell layer from 
single tissue pieces was observed after approx. 10 days. After 2 
weeks, the tissue pieces were removed and the adherent cells 
were harvested . . . Cells were subcultured at the density of 
4.000 cells/cm2 in 175-cm2 tissue culture flasks and grown until 
80% of confluence. Subsequently cells were harvested as 
already described and used for immunophenotype analysis or 
cryopreserved. 
Id. at 18. Majore discloses that immunophenotype analysis detected cell 
surface markers CD34, CD73, CD90, and CD105 in the isolated cells. Id. at 
22 (Table 2). Majore further discloses that no “xenogenic[19] media 
supplements during UC cell isolation, expansion and differentiation.” Id. at 
28. 
2. Analysis 
a) Claim 1 
Petitioner asserts that Majore inherently20 discloses the limitations of 
claim 1 because its disclosed method of inducing stem cells to grow from 
umbilical cord tissue “necessarily includes the subepithelial layer of the 
 
19 “Xenogenic” means “derived from, originating in, or being a member of 
another species.” Dictionary.com definition of “xenogenic,” found at: 
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/xenogeneic#medical
Dictionary (accessed April 15, 2022). Ex. 3004. This definition is not 
disputed by the parties. 
20 Petitioner also argued that Majore expressly teaches claim 1 in the 
instance that the markers are not given patentable weight. See Pet. 23, 
arguing Majore only inherently teaches limitations [C] and [D]. Because we 
find the recited markers are limitations that must be considered, consistent 
with our claim construction of “expresses/does not express” above, we do 
not further address this argument. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
31 
umbilical cord recited by the ‘176 patent claims.” Pet. 21–28. Petitioner’s 
contentions are supported by the declaration testimony of Dr. Olson (Ex. 
1007 ¶¶ 92–122; Ex. 1089 ¶¶ 25–44). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to meet its burden because its 
inherency case is based on theory, not fact. PO Resp. 27–34. Patent 
Owner’s contentions are supported by the declaration testimony of 
Dr. Burger (Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 137–173; Ex. 2027 ¶¶ 28–33). 
As claim 1 is a product-by-process claim, “determination of 
patentability is based on the product itself” and “does not depend on its 
method of production.” In re Thorpe, 777 F.2d at 697. Thus, we evaluate 
whether the evidence of record shows, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that the process of Majore would have necessarily resulted in “an isolated 
cell” having the marker characteristics of limitations [C], [D], and [E] 
recited in claim 1, despite any differences between Majore’s process and the 
process limitations of claim 1, i.e., limitations [A] and [B] referenced above. 
(1) ([Preamble21] and [A]) “An isolated cell prepared by a process 
comprising placing a subepithelial layer of a mammalian umbilical cord 
tissue in direct contact with a growth substrate” 
Petitioner asserts that Majore discloses “isolating MSCs from 
umbilical cord tissue by placing pieces of whole umbilical cord onto the 
surface of a tissue culture flask.” Pet. 22 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 95). Petitioner 
 
21 The parties do not dispute that the preamble’s recitation of “isolated cell” 
serves as a limitation to claim 1 as it provides antecedent basis for its 
recitation later in the body of the claim. Accordingly, we treat the preamble 
as limiting. “When limitations in the body of the claim rely upon and derive 
antecedent basis from the preamble, then the preamble may act as a 
necessary component of the claimed invention.” See Eaton Corp. v. 
Rockwell Int’l Corp., 323 F.3d 1332, 1339 (Fed. Cir. 2003). 
 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
32 
asserts that because Majore minced the whole umbilical cord into 0.5 cm3 
pieces, “the cubic dimensions of minced pieces necessarily result[] in at least 
some pieces with subepithelial layer exposed by the cut which would then be 
in contact with the tissue culture surface upon sinking to the bottom of the 
flask.” Id. at 22–23 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 96). Petitioner explains that through 
Majore’s “explant” method of isolating cells from tissues, the “cells that 
give rise to cultured MSCs, as defined by surface marker expression, migrate 
out of the umbilical cord tissue via intercellular communication to emulate a 
wound healing condition.” Id. at 23. Petitioner argues that the process 
“would result in MSCs from the subepithelial layer migrating to the 
periphery of the tissue and adhering to the tissue culture vessel” and thus the 
Majore protocol “produces cells that necessarily and inevitably comprise the 
cells of the subepithelial layer.” Id. 
Patent Owner argues that Majore does not disclose limitation [A] 
because it is “markedly different from a culture of cells obtained solely from 
UC subepithelial tissue,” which would not contain Wharton’s jelly or 
epithelial tissue, and because Majore does not place the subepithelial layer 
interior side down in direct contact with the substrate. PO Resp. 28. 
As discussed above regarding claim interpretation, we do not construe 
“placing a subepithelial layer of a mammalian umbilical cord tissue in direct 
contact with a growth substrate” to require placing the subepithelial layer 
interior side down in direct contact with the growth substrate. Both Majore 
and the ’176 patent disclose umbilical cord tissue cut into sections and 
placed into environments fostering cell culture and replication. Ex. 1011, 
18; Ex. 1001, 13:57–14:5. Both methods result in adherent cells growing on 
a plastic growth surface awash in culture media. Ex. 1011, 18; Ex. 1001, 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
33 
13:57–14:5. Thus, we find Petitioner has established by a preponderance of 
evidence that Majore teaches limitation [A]. 
(2) ([B]) culturing the subepithelial layer such that the isolated cell from the 
subepithelial layer is capable of self-renewal and culture expansion 
Petitioner asserts that Majore discloses an MSC isolation protocol and 
that MSCs were known to be highly proliferative somatic cells able to self-
renew. Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 98). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner has not established that the cells 
disclosed by Majore are MSCs, including because Majore is silent on 
NANOG expression, limitation [C], which is an indicator of self-renewal 
(the presence of NANOG indicating self-renewal). PO Resp. 28–29 (citing 
Ex. 2027 ¶ 26). 
As Dr. Olson notes (Ex. 1007 ¶ 98), Majore discloses that its 
umbilical-cord derived cells are highly proliferative, including after freezing 
and thawing, and demonstrated expansion and differentiation. Ex. 1011, 
Abstract, 17, 18, 28. In addition, NANOG expression is not the sole 
indicator of self-renewal of cells. See Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 45, 48 (Dr. Olson, 
testifying: “At the priority date of the ‘176 patent, there was no set of cell 
markers universally accepted for identification of stem cells, much less 
identification of MSCs” (citing in n.22, Parker GC et al., (2005) Stem cells: 
shibboleths of development, part II: toward a functional definition. STEM 
CELLS AND DEV. 14:463–469 (Ex. 1070); Horwitz EM et al., (2005) 
Clarification of the nomenclature for MSC: the International Society for 
Cellular Therapy position statement. CYTOTHERAPY 7:393–395 (Ex. 
1071))); see also Ex. 1014, 174 (“Although such a huge number of different 
surface molecules has been analyzed on MSC, there is no general guiding 
principle to which classes of markers are expressed on MSC.”). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
34 
Because Majore discloses cells isolated from an umbilical cord that 
are proliferative, we find Petitioner has established by a preponderance of 
evidence that Majore teaches limitation [B]. 
(3) ([D]) wherein the isolated cell expresses at least three cell markers 
selected from the group consisting of CD29, CD73, CD90, CD166, 
SSEA4, CD9, CD44, CD146, or CD105 
([C] and [E]) wherein the isolated cell does not express NANOG 
and at least five cell markers selected from the group consisting of 
CD45, CD34, CD14, CD79, CD106, CD86, CD80, CD19, CD117, 
Stro-1, or HLA-DR 
To begin, we address the issue raised in our Institution Decision of 
whether limitations [C] and [E] reciting the non-expression of certain 
markers should be treated as “negative limitations,” and the burden of 
proving that a negative limitation is satisfied by silence in the prior art. Inst. 
Dec. 22 n.16 (citing Almirall, LLC v. Amneal Pharms. LLC, 28 F.4th 265, 
273 (Fed. Cir. 2022) (determining that “it was reasonable for the Board to 
find that, in the context of [the prior art reference], a skilled artisan would 
recognize that the reference discloses a complete formulation—excluding 
the possibility of an additional active ingredient”), and Novartis Pharms. 
Corp. v. Accord Healthcare, Inc., 21 F.4th 1362, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2022) 
(recognizing that for negative limitations, “the disclosure must be read from 
the perspective of a person of skill in the art”)). In the Institution Decision, 
we invited the parties to address this issue. Id. 
Patent Owner argues that a prior art reference’s silence on whether a 
marker is expressed should not be taken as an inference that the marker was 
nonetheless present. PO Resp. 26–27. Patent Owner relies on Dr. Burger’s 
testimony that a lack of reporting on a marker is not evidence of either 
positive or negative expression: 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
35 
“[D]epending on the purpose of a research study, certain 
markers will be measured and others will not. There are 
hundreds, if not thousands, of known cell surface markers, and 
an investigator must decide which markers are relevant to the 
issue at hand.” “It is, in fact, poor science to report on data that 
are not relevant to the author’s study.” 
Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 2027 ¶ 7). Patent Owner argues that the reason Majore’s 
study did not investigate NANOG expression was that the “study” did not 
investigate the self-renewal properties of MSCs.” Id. 
Petitioner’s response does not address this issue directly, but focuses 
on refuting Patent Owner’s arguments that the gene expression resulting 
from culturing conditions of tissues could differ depending on what the 
tissues are surrounded with and whether MSC expression can be 
heterogenous. Pet. Reply 9–11. 
We find Dr. Burger’s explanation regarding the process for testing 
cell surface markers is persuasive. See also Dr. Olson’s testimony regarding 
screening for cell surface markers, indicating that “Majore did not 
independently investigate CD14, CD19, and HLA-DR.” Ex. 1007 ¶ 99. 
Upon evaluating the evidence and considering the disclosure from the 
perspective of an ordinary artisan, we conclude that whether a prior art 
reference mentions a particular cell surface marker was expressed or not 
expressed correlates 1) directly to whether the cell surface marker was 
screened for; and 2) generally to what was tested by the investigators. Thus, 
given the relevant claim language and under the factual circumstances 
presented, we conclude that the burden of proving negative limitations [C], 
[D] and [E] is not satisfied by silence in the prior art, but that certain 
inferences can be drawn from the silence depending upon the purpose of the 
reported investigation, as understood by an ordinary artisan. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
36 
We now turn to the remainder of the parties’ arguments regarding 
limitations [C], [D], and [E]. 
Petitioner asserts that because the cells produced by Majore 
necessarily comprise the same cells of the ’176 patent, Majore’s cells would 
inherently possess these features and express or not express the markers 
recited in [C] and [D] in the claimed pattern. Pet. 23–24 (citing Ex. 1007 
¶ 101). Petitioner argues the markers themselves should not be given 
patentable weight as they merely describe a property of a known 
composition. Id. at 24 (citing Atlas Powder Co. v. Ireco, Inc., 190 F.3d 
1342, 1347 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). Petitioner argues that even if the markers are 
considered, the marker expression/non-expression evidence disclosed by 
Majore is consistent with the markers recited in [C] and [D]. See id. 
(confirming “Majore discloses its isolated cells express CD73, CD90, CD44, 
and CD105, and do not express CD45 and CD34,” and noting that “Majore 
did not independently investigate CD14, CD19, and HLA-DR, but did 
disclose [that] MSCs (such as those derived by Majore’s protocol) are 
expected not to express those markers”) (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 99). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to meet its burden to show 
that the markers are inherently present. PO Resp. 29–30. Patent Owner 
argues that the claimed process steps “impart an unexpected gene marker 
expression to the claimed cells” due to intracellular communication. Id. at 
16. Patent Owner relies on Dr. Burger’s testimony that gene expression is 
affected by cell-to-cell interaction facilitated by the proximity of other 
tissues, cells, or biochemical signals that can trigger changes. Id. at 17 
(citing Ex. 2027 ¶ 32). Dr. Burger testifies that a mixture of a larger number 
of cell types would have different interactions than a heterogenous mixture 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
37 
of a single cell type. Id. Patent Owner notes that Dr. Olson agrees that gene 
expression can change, including switching NANOG production on or off, 
in response to tissue culture conditions or addition of a protein to the culture. 
Id. at 19 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 49; Ex. 2034, 42:15–17; 46:18–48:16). For this 
reason, Patent Owner argues that the gene expression of the cells disclosed 
in Majore, cultured from a mixture of minced epithelial and subepithelial 
tissue and Wharton’s jelly, would be different from those of the ’176 patent, 
which are “solely from subepithelial tissue.” Id. at 18 (citing ex. 2027 ¶ 18). 
Patent Owner argues the claimed process steps impart unexpected gene 
marker expression patterns, a structural and functional difference, to the 
claimed isolated cells. Id. at 16–19 (citing Ex. 2027 ¶¶ 30, 32, 33). 
To begin, we consider Petitioner’s argument that the claimed cell 
markers should not be given patentable weight. Pet. 24. We are not 
persuaded because the evidence of record is that the claimed isolated cell, 
which does not express NANOG, is distinguishably different from other 
MSCs, which do express NANOG. See Ex. 1010, 495 (“Nanog . . . is one 
of the key molecules necessary for the maintenance of self renewal of 
SCs.”). Petitioner has not provided persuasive evidence that lack of 
NANOG expression is a newly-appreciated property of an old composition, 
as the Federal Circuit did in Atlas Powder, such as by showing test results of 
existing MSCs that do not express NANOG. We therefore find that the cell 
marker expression/non-expression pattern distinguishes the claimed isolated 
cell, and is therefore limiting. 
Turning to the evidence regarding marker expression, we agree with 
Petitioner that Majore discloses expression of four of the nine recited 
markers for claim limitation [D], meeting the “at least three” limitation. See 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
38 
Ex. 1011, 22, Table 2 (reporting positive cells for cell markers CD73, CD90, 
CD44, and CD 105). But Petitioner’s evidence does not show that Majore 
expressly teaches that its cells do not produce NANOG (limitation [C]). See 
generally id. With regard to the five cell markers recited in limitation [E], 
Majore reports cells do not express only two, CD34 and CD45 (id. at 22, 
Table 2). Thus, Majore does not expressly disclose that its cells do not 
express NANOG (limitation [C]) or that they do not express “at least five” 
of the recited cell markers in limitation [E]. 
We next consider Petitioner’s evidence that the cells produced by 
Majore inherently comprise the same cells of the ’176 patent because they 
were made by an identical process, and thus inherently disclose limitations 
[C] and [E]. Pet. 24–25. Petitioner’s evidence in support of inherency for 
these remaining elements is Dr. Olson’s testimony. Dr. Olson, in deposition, 
testified that his laboratory routinely uses the Majore protocol, but he did not 
provide testing evidence to confirm that cells made by this method 
necessarily met the non-expression criteria of limitations [C] and [E]. See 
PO Resp. 3–4 (citing Ex. 2034, 61:21–63:12). When questioned about the 
lack of testing data at oral argument, Petitioner’s counsel responded as 
follows: 
[JUDGE NEWMAN:] So if -- if the comparison is possible, 
why did you not present evidence of that comparison? 
MR. FITZPATRICK: We --we’ve had the -- we had this 
discussion with our -- with our expert, and our conclusion was 
that it’s just not -- it wasn’t necessary. The conclusion was that 
the -- the evidence that’s in the -- in the prior art references, 
including the fact that it clearly practices the exact same steps 
as the claims, that was sufficient to -- and would anticipate or 
render obvious the claims. That’s the only reason we didn’t 
present evidence -- our own evidence. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
39 
Tr. 15:9–19. Petitioner’s remaining evidence is Dr. Olson’s declaration 
testimony that the similarity in methods would inherently produce a cell 
expressing the same cell surface markers because of the similarity in the 
protocols. See, e.g., Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 99 (“Majore did not independently 
investigate CD14, CD19, and HLA-DR, but did provide comment that 
MSCs (such as those derived by Majore’s protocol) are expected not to 
express those markers”), 101 (stating that two of the markers of limitation 
[E] are disclosed as not expressed in Majore, and the rest would not be 
expressed “because the cells obtained by Majore’s protocol necessarily and 
inevitably comprise the same cells produced by the process step of claim 
1[A] and 1[B], as explained above,” and that the ordinary artisan would 
understand this because the cells are produced by the process steps for 
limitations [A] and [B]). 
Upon analysis of the full record, including the parties’ arguments and 
evidence, Petitioner has not shown persuasively that Majore inherently 
meets the non-expression criteria of limitations [C] and [E] for multiple 
reasons. 
As explained above, in light of our claim interpretations, we find that 
Majore discloses a method of producing an isolated cell by placing 
mammalian umbilical cord tissue in direct contact with a growth substrate 
and culturing those cells to create a stable cell line capable of self-renewal 
and culture expansion. However, Majore’s process differs from at least the 
interior-down embodiment disclosed in the ’176 patent, which Patent Owner 
claims is the focus of the claims at issue. PO Sur-Reply 19. The ’176 patent 
Specification also does not address whether every disclosed embodiment or 
the broad process parameters disclosed therein would necessarily result in an 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
40 
isolated cell with a marker profile consistent with claim 1. See Ex. 1001, 
8:6–12, 8:29–31 (providing various marker expression profiles for disclosed 
aspects of cells (e.g., “in one aspect, the isolated cell expresses at least three 
cell markers selected from [lists markers], and the isolated cell does not 
express at least three markers selected from [lists markers] . . . in some 
aspects, the isolated cell can be positive for SOX2, OCT4, or both SOX2 
and OCT4.”) (emphases added)). Indeed, by specifying that the isolated cell 
expresses “at least three cell markers” from among the nine markers in 
limitation [D] and does not express “at least five cell markers” among the 
eleven markers recited in limitation [E], the claim language itself recognizes 
that cells prepared according to the process limitations of limitations [A] and 
[B] would not all have the exact same marker expression profile. Therefore, 
although Majore’s disclosed process may satisfy the process limitations 
under our claim construction, we find that does not establish that cells 
produced using Majore’s process would necessarily have the same marker 
profile required by the claim. 
Petitioner has not provided any evidence that the marker expression 
profile is only dependent on the process used to produce the claimed cells.22 
 
22 Only if Petitioner had adduced evidence that the marker expression profile 
solely depends on the process used to produce the claimed cells could 
Petitioner rely on cases cited by Petitioner’s counsel at oral argument, 
Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharm., 339 F.3d 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2003) and 
Greenliant Sys., Inc. v. Xicor LLC, 692 F.3d 1261, 1268 (Fed. Cir. 2012) 
(stating that, consistent with the Court’s precedent, a patentability analysis 
considers the process in which a product is formed only where the process 
imparts distinctive structural characteristics). See also Arbutus Biopharma 
Corp. v. Modernatx, Inc. (Fed Cir. 2020-1183, April 11, 2023) (affirming 
PTAB conclusion that an ordinary artisan following the disclosures would 
produce a composition with the inherent morphological property based on 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
41 
Petitioner’s own expert confirms that the markers produced can depend on 
factors such as time, temperature, and cell source. See Ex. 1089 ¶ 27 (Dr. 
Olson, stating “specific growth media and culture conditions are more 
important for preferentially culturing cells with a particular marker pattern 
compared to what additional tissues are also present in the culture”). 
Particularly persuasive to the point that multiple factors can influence the 
marker expression profile is the following discussion in Rojewski: 
The differences in various surface marker expressions observed 
by different investigators might be due to several factors. . . 
Most obviously, the tissue from which MSC are derived may 
play an important role for surface marker expression. . . . there 
were variations in the percentage of positive cells after 4 
passages (plastic adherence method for isolation) expressing 
positive markers, mainly CD73, CD105, and CD166. . . Age 
and sex of MSC donors may play an important role. . . .It is not 
clear to what extend [sic] the surface marker expression is 
affected by the method used for isolation of MSC. 
Manipulating MSC might result in up- or down-regulation of 
markers . . . Senescence may play an important role during 
expansion of MSC for clinical purposes. Mareddy et al. [5] 
demonstrated recently that slow growing MSC clones may 
show senescence and reduced differentiation capacity but still 
express normal levels of standard MSC surface markers like 
CD29, CD44, CD90, CD105, and CD166. . . . MSC phenotype 
might be influenced by the culture conditions for ex vivo 
expansion, e.g. type of supplements (fetal bovine serum, human 
serum, platelet lysate). . . . The use of different detection 
methods (flow cytometry, ELISA, micro array, reverse 
transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR)) and 
individual variations within these detection systems like 
antibody specificity or fluorochrome (fig. 2) may also result in 
differences in expression profiling.. . . All things considered, 
 
limited number of variable factors). Here, the structural characteristics, 
marker expression/non-expression, have not been shown to be present in 
Majore’s cells. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
42 
the known surface proteins described for the characterization of 
MSC are not sufficient to distinguish between subpopulations 
and different cell types with different intrinsic qualities of 
MSC. Search for surface antigens representing the pure, native 
MSC population within the different basic raw materials 
remains one of the most challenging topics of MSC research for 
the future. In addition, easy methods for a robust 
characterization of expanded MSC that do not loose 
pluripotency or show chromosomal abnormalities due to 
culturing artifacts have to be established. 
Ex. 1014, 174–180, 182. 
We recognize that the process steps of claim 1 are quite broad when 
construed in light of the patent and that the source tissue in Majore would 
contain subepithelial tissue. But, as the ’176 patent discloses no guidance as 
to how such factors are to be controlled to ensure that the claimed marker 
expression results, we are not persuaded that an ordinarily skilled artisan 
practicing the method of Majore would, inevitably, as inherency requires, 
produce the claimed isolated cell. Although Majore cites to ISCT criteria for 
support as to the markers produced by MSCs, that criteria alone does not 
mean that all MSCs, including Majore’s, necessarily satisfy those criteria. 
We are persuaded in this regard by Dr. Burger’s testimony that Majore’s 
isolated cell population did not differentiate under standard in vitro 
conditions despite that the ISCT criteria for MSCs require these conditions. 
See Ex. 2022 ¶ 152; Ex. 1011, 28. 
We are further persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that the only 
testing evidence of record that confirms marker selection of isolated cells is 
Dr. Patel’s, performed in support of his Section 1.132 declaration during 
prosecution. See Ex. 2011 ¶ 8. In that declaration, Dr. Patel presented data 
generated under this direction that was “introduced to show that the claimed 
cells have a different gene expression profile and cellular function as 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
43 
compared to control cells isolated via conventional isolation techniques.” 
Id. ¶ 4. Umbilical cord cells were “isolated as described in the [patent 
application]” with Wharton’s jelly and other material removed, and the 
“[u]mbilical cord tissue was placed interior side down such that the 
subepithelial layer was in contact with the growth substrate. No enzymatic 
digestion was employed.” Id. ¶ 6. The gene expression was assessed and 
profiled as compared to control umbilical cord cells. Id. ¶¶ 7, 8. 
We acknowledge Petitioner’s critique of this testing, that Dr. Patel’s 
method was not a traditional explant procedure but rather a “whole umbilical 
cord that was digested in its entirety” and therefore not a good comparison to 
the disclosed methods leading to the isolated cell of claim 1. See Tr. 14:7–
15:7. However, Dr. Patel’s declaration, even if not a perfect comparison to 
the method of Majore, is at least some evidence that use of a different 
process to create an isolated cell can result in a different marker expression 
profile. Ex. 2011, ¶ 8. 
Absent other evidence confirming identity of the limiting marker 
expression pattern, we are not persuaded that the resulting isolated cell 
necessarily has the claimed expression profile. Although the isolated cell of 
Majore may have the claimed expression profile, this is insufficient for a 
finding of inherency. “Inherency may not be established by probabilities or 
possibilities. The mere fact that a certain thing may result from a given set 
of circumstances is not sufficient to establish inherency.” Scaltech Inc. v. 
Retec/Tetra L.L.C., 178 F.3d 1378, 1384 (Fed. Cir. 1999). 
b) Claims 2–13, and 15 
Claims 2–13 and 15 depend from claim 1. Claims 2 and 3 recite the 
expression or non-expression of additional markers not tested in Majore. 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
44 
Ex. 1001, 19:20–25. Claims 4–6 recite that the cells are positive for SOX2, 
OCT4, or both. Id. at 19:26–20:2. Claim 7 recites an isolated cell of claim 1 
with the ability to differentiate into one of a group of specified cell types and 
claims 11–14 recite isolated cells of claim 1 that have differentiated into 
individual of the enumerated cell types. Id. at 20:3–7, 20:19–26. Claim 8 
recites the production of specified exosomes. Id. at 20:8–10. Claim 9 
recites culturing the cell of claim 1 in animal component-free media. Id. at 
20:11–13. Claims 10 and 15 recite cultures of differentiated cells derived 
from a cell of claim 1. Id. at 20:14–18, 20:27–28. 
For the reasons explained above, Petitioner has not shown 
persuasively that the cells isolated by Majore would necessarily have the 
expression pattern of claim 1, and thus these dependent claims are likewise 
not shown to be anticipated. 
 
F. Ground 2 - Obviousness of Claim 14 over Majore and Mistry 
1. Mistry (Ex. 1015) 
Mistry is directed to methods for isolating cells from mammalian 
umbilical cord tissue that are “capable of self-renewal and expansion in 
culture” and “have the potential to differentiate into cells of other 
phenotypes.” Ex. 1015, 3:17–22. Mistry teaches that culture media for cells 
is “known in the art for affecting differentiation of such potent cells [stem 
cells like MSCs] into specific types of cells or progenitors of specific cells.” 
Id. at 11:34–38. Mistry discloses that a need for therapy methods to “slow 
the progression of and/or cure heart disease, such as ischemic heart disease 
and congestive heart failure” means that “[c]ells that can differentiate into 
cardiomyocytes that can fully integrate into the patient’s cardiac muscle 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
45 
without arrhythmias are highly desirable.” Id. at 90:59–64. Mistry discloses 
that “umbilicus-derived cells were treated with 5-azacytidine alone or in 
combination with DMOS or chelerythrine chloride, and markers of 
cardiomyocytes measured by real-time PCR.” Id. at 91:9–13. Mistry 
confirmed that the treated cells expressed markers of cardiomyocytes 
relative to control cells. Id. at 91:60–92:3. 
2. Analysis 
Claim 14 recites an isolated cell of claim 1 that has differentiated into 
a cardiomyocyte cell. Petitioner argues that a skilled artisan “would have 
been motivated to combine the teachings of Mistry and Majore to produce 
MSC cell therapies for the treatment of disease,” in this case, to create a 
cardiomyocyte therapeutic for cardiac disease. Pet. 29 (citing Ex. 1007 
¶¶ 85, 123). Patent Owner does not address Ground 2. See generally 
PO Resp. 
For the same reasons explained in II.E.2. above with respect to 
Ground 1, we find that Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the cells 
isolated by Majore would have the expression pattern of claim 1, and thus 
Majore and Mistry do not render claim 14 obvious. 
 
G. Ground 3 – Obviousness of Claims 1–13, and 15 over Majore, 
Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Meiron, and Riekstina 
1. Pierantozzi (Ex. 1012) 
Pierantozzi discloses that because “MSCs from human adult tissues 
represent a promising source of cells for a wide range of cellular therapies, 
there is high interest in better understanding the mechanisms underlying 
proliferation, differentiation, and heterogeneity of these cells.” Ex. 1012, 
915. Pierantozzi examined MSCs from human bone marrow, adipose tissue, 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
46 
and cardiac tissue that were isolated and cultured to 80% confluence. Id. at 
916. Pierantozzi induced ostoeogenic and chondrogenic differentiation in 
the MSC populations using culture serum containing substances causing 
differentiation. Id. at 916–17. Expression of genetic markers in freshly 
isolated MSCs as compared to MCSs grown to 80% confluence was 
performed by reverse transcriptase-PCR to amplify extracted RNA, 
immunofluorescence, and immunoprecipitation assays. Id. at 917–18. 
Pierantozzi discloses that “NANOG was not expressed in freshly isolated 
MSCs, but was detected only after in vitro culture. NANOG was detected 
only in proliferating cells, but not in MSCs induced to differentiate.” Id. at 
Abstract. Pierantozzi states “we propose that activation of NANOG 
expression in MSCs is associated with, although cannot directly regulate, the 
transition from in vivo quiescence to adaptation to in vitro growth 
conditions.” Id. 
2. Rojewski (Ex. 1014) 
Rojewski discloses that MSCs are “candidates for several clinical 
applications” to treat injury and disease and that because “MSC isolated 
from different tissues do not represent a homogenous cell population,” it is 
necessary to characterize and perform quality control to understand the 
variations. Ex. 1014, 168, 173. Rojewski conducted a review to 
“summarize various different attempts to characterize mesenchymal stem 
cells based on surface protein expression by flow cytometry and to define 
multipotent subpopulations of mesenchymal stem cells for prospective 
isolation.” Id. at 168 (Summary). Rojewski discloses a summary of 
phenotype data of the reviewed MSCs isolated from various tissues and 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
47 
provides a summary of data regarding expression of genetic markers. Id. at 
169–173 (Table 1). 
3. Meiron (Ex. 1016) 
Merion is directed to “methods of treating diseases using adherent 
cells [MSCs] from adipose or placenta tissues, more specifically, to methods 
of treating ischemia and/or medical conditions requiring connective tissue 
regeneration and/or repair using the adherent cells.” Ex. 1016, 1:6–9. 
Meiron discloses: 
In recent years, considerable activity has focused on the 
therapeutic potential of mesenchymal stromal cells (MSCs) for 
various medical applications including tissue repair of damaged 
organs such as the brain, heart, bone and liver and in support of 
bone marrow transplantations (BMT). MSCs, a heterogeneous 
population of cells obtained from e.g. bone marrow, adipose 
tissue, placenta, and blood, is capable of differentiating into 
different types of mesenchymal mature cells (e.g. reticular 
endothelial cells, fibroblasts, adipocytes, osteogenic precursor 
cells) depending upon influences from various bioactive factors. 
Id. at 1:16–23. 
Meiron analyzed the expression markers for its cells and discloses: 
stromal stem cell surface markers (positive and negative) 
include but are not limited to CD105+, CD29+, CD44+, 
CD73+, CD90+, CD3-, CD4-, CD34-, CD45-, CD80-, CD19-, 
CD5-, CD20-, CD11B-, CD14-, CD19-, CD79-, FILA-DR-, 
and FMC7-. Other stromal stem cell markers include but are not 
limited to tyrosine hydroxylase, nestin and H-NF. 
Id. at 20:23–28. 
4. Riekstina (Ex. 1013) 
Riekstina discloses a study of stem cell marker expression patterns in 
MSCs isolated from human bone marrow, adipose tissue, heart tissue, and 
dermal tissue. Ex. 1013, 378–79. Riekstina discloses that the 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
48 
“immunomodulatory and regenerative potential” of MSCs has shown 
“promising results in preclinical and clinical studies for a variety of 
conditions, such as graft versus host disease (GvHD), Crohn’s disease, 
osteogenesis imperfecta, cartilage damage and myocardial infarction.” Id. 
Riekstina discloses: 
Our findings provide evidence that bone marrow MSCs express 
embryonic stem cell markers Oct4, Nanog, alkaline 
phosphatase and SSEA-4, adipose tissue and dermis MSCs 
express Oct4, Nanog, SOX2, alkaline phosphatase and SSEA-4, 
whereas heart MSCs express Oct4, Nanog, SOX2 and SSEA-4. 
Our results also indicate that human adult mesenchymal stem 
cells preserve tissue-specific differences under in vitro culture 
conditions during early passages, as shown by distinct germ 
layer and embryonic stem cell marker expression patterns. 
Id. at 385. 
5. Analysis 
Petitioner argues, through Dr. Olson, that a skilled artisan would have 
understood that the teachings of references related to umbilical cord MSCs 
are relevant to teachings directed to MSCs derived from other tissues. Pet. 
30–31 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 127). In addition, Petitioner argues that the skilled 
artisan would have understood from the teachings of Pierantozzi and Majore 
that MSCs derived from various tissues could be useful alternatives (e.g., are 
interchangeable). Id. Petitioner argues that a skilled artisan would have had 
an expectation of success in combining the teachings of Majore with 
Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Merion, and Reikstina to arrive at the subject matter 
of the Challenged Claims because “it would be completely unsurprising and, 
indeed, predictable for Majore’s MSCs to express markers previously 
observed as expressed on MSCs in the prior art.” Id. at 32 (citing Ex. 1007 
¶ 86). According to Petitioner, “a POSITA [person of ordinary skill in the 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
49 
art] would understand that expression patterns of MSCs from any tissue are 
informative of the biological properties of MSCs generally, and that MSCs 
from various tissues can often be used interchangeably for the proposed 
mechanisms of most cell therapies.” Id. For this reason, Petitioner argues, a 
skilled artisan would have been motivated to combine the cited prior art “for 
the purpose of improving MSC cellular therapies.” Id. at 32–33 (citing Ex. 
1007 ¶¶ 86, 127–131). 
a) Claim 1 
Specific to claim 1, Petitioner argues that “Majore also renders 1[Pre], 
1[A], 1[B], and 1[C] obvious because Majore discloses isolating cells from 
whole umbilical cord using an explant procedure.” Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1007 
¶ 132). Petitioner argues that “a POSITA would have been able to predict 
that an isolated cell can be prepared by placing a subepithelial layer of 
mammalian umbilical cord tissue in direct contact with a substrate, and 
culturing the subepithelial layer such that the isolated cell is capable of 
self-renewal and culture expansion.” Id. (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 132). 
Petitioner argues that Rojewski and Merion teach limitations [C] and 
[D], and Pierantozzi discloses “the non-expression of NANOG in some 
fraction, or all, of the MSCs freshly isolated from adult tissues.” Id. at 34–
35 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 136). Petitioner contends that “a POSITA would 
understand the detection of NANOG expression is exquisitely sensitive to 
the conditions used to culture the cells and the details of the detection 
method used.” Id. Petitioner further argues that the skilled artisan would 
have known that the isolated cells of Majore would include MSCs having 
identical genetic marker expression profiles to the cells of the Challenged 
Claims based on the ISCT criteria and the teachings of, Rowjewski, Merion, 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
50 
and Pierantozzi, rendering claim 1 obvious. Id. at 33–35 (citing Ex. 1007 
¶¶ 99, 133–139). 
As we concluded in Section II.E.2.a above that Majore discloses 
limitations Pre[A], [B], and [D], we summarize Patent Owner’s arguments 
only relating to whether Majore, Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Meiron, and 
Riekstina disclose limitations [C] and [E], and regarding the skilled artisan’s 
motivation to combine and reasonable expectation of success. 
Patent Owner raises the same arguments against Majore’s teaching of 
limitations [C] and [E] discussed above. PO Resp. 37–38. Patent Owner 
argues that the isolated cell is “solely from the subepithelial layer” and that 
the ordinary artisan would not have had reason to isolate the cells from that 
tissue. Id. at 35. Patent Owner argues that, even with the combination of 
references, not all claim limitations are taught. Id. at 36. Patent Owner 
argues that obviousness cannot be supplied through predictions or general 
guidance. Id. (citing Teva Pharms, USA, Inc. v. Sandoz Inc., 906 F.3d 1013, 
1025 (Fed. Cir. 2018), In re Stepan Co., 868 F.3d 1342, 1347 (Fed. Cir. 
2017)). 
Patent Owner notes that Majore is silent as to NANOG and argues 
that Pierantozzi “teaches away from NANOG- negative cultured cells” 
because Pierantozzi discloses NANOG was “expressed in freshly isolated 
MSCs detected after in vitro culture,” which is when the Challenged Claims 
recite NANOG should not be expressed. Id. at 36–37. Patent Owner argues 
that Petitioner cites “Pierantozzi’s pre-culture detection of NANOG,” noting 
“[t]he claimed cells recite positive NANOG expression after culturing, not 
before.” Id. at 37 (citing Ex. 2022 ¶ 178). 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
51 
Patent Owner argues that Rojewski does not identify “any particular 
MSC populations that include all the markers asserted by Petitioner” and 
that Petitioner does not allege that Rojewski teaches cells including all 
recited marker or even that Rojewski teaches cells derived from the 
subepithelial layer of umbilical cord tissue. Id. at 38. Patent Owner argues 
that there is no reason to believe that the ordinary artisan would have 
believed a marker produced in, e.g., bone marrow would also be produced in 
an MSC from subepithelial tissue, particularly in light of Rojewski’s 
disclosures that marker expression varies between tissue types, along with 
conflicting marker tissue expression levels from various MSCs isolated from 
different tissues. Id. at 38–39 (citing Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 123–126). Patent Owner 
notes that Rojewski reports “at least four [markers] (i.e., CD45, CD34, 
CD14, CD117)” that do not meet claim 1’s requirement of non-expression. 
Id. at 40. 
Patent Owner argues Meiron’s teaching of genetic markers in stromal 
cells “does not disclose a cell population with the recited marker 
expression/non-expression” and would not give a skilled artisan a basis to 
believe that the claimed markers would be expressed in Majore’s cells. Id. 
at 40–41 (citing Ex. 2022 ¶ 194). 
 Upon consideration of the arguments and evidence, we find that 
Petitioner has not shown sufficiently that Majore alone teaches limitation 
[C] or [E] for the reasons discussed above in Ground 1. With regard to 
Petitioner’s arguments that the ordinary artisan would have been able to 
predict that an isolated cell having the recited marker profile could be made 
by placing a subepithelial layer of mammalian umbilical cord tissue in direct 
contact with a substrate, and culturing to self-renewal, we find that Petitioner 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
52 
has not provided sufficient evidence to support this assertion. Petitioner 
cites Dr. Olson’s testimony as the sole support for this assertion. Dr. 
Olson’s testimony is a close restatement of Petitioner’s contentions: 
Majore renders . . . 1[C] obvious. This is so because Majore 
discloses isolating cells from whole umbilical cord using an 
explant procedure. At the priority date of the ‘176 patent, a 
POSITA would have known that MSCs were present in all 
umbilical cord tissues, including the subepithelial layer, and 
that such cells could be culture [sic] and were capable of self-
renewal and culture expansion when obtained from an explant. 
Thus, a POSITA would have been able to predict that an 
isolated cell can be prepared by placing a subepithelial layer of 
mammalian umbilical cord tissue in direct contact with a 
substrate, and culturing the subepithelial layer such that the 
isolated cells is [sic] capable of self-renewal and culture 
expansion. Moreover, a POSITA would know that the isolated 
cells would include MSCs having the characteristics consistent 
with the ISCT criteria. Thus Majore renders . . . 1[C] obvious. 
Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 132, 133. Importantly, however, Dr. Olson does not cite 
anything to support his opinion that the ordinary artisan would have known 
that MSCs could be cultured to be renewable from subepithelial UC tissue. 
Nor does Dr. Olson explain why the artisan would have had this 
understanding aside from simply stating it. Majore uses the word 
“subepithelial” only once to explain that primitive stem cells are “distributed 
in subepithelial and intervascular regions,” but this does not teach what 
Dr. Olson asserts. Accordingly, Dr. Olson’s testimony is entitled to little 
weight. Xerox Corp., IPR2022-00624, Paper 9 at 15–16 (finding that an 
expert’s conclusory assertions that repeat the proposition for which they are 
offered without “any additional supporting evidence or provide any technical 
reasoning” in support are “conclusory and unsupported, add[] little to the 
conclusory assertion[s] for which [they are] offered to support, and is 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
53 
entitled to little weight”); see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.65(a) (“Expert testimony 
that does not disclose the underlying facts or data on which the opinion is 
based is entitled to little or no weight.”); Upjohn Co., 225 F.3d at 1311 
(“Lack of factual support for expert opinion going to factual determinations, 
however, may render the testimony of little probative value in a validity 
determination.”) (quoting Ashland Oil, 776 F.2d at 294). For this reason, we 
conclude that Majore does not render limitation [C] obvious. 
We are likewise not persuaded that Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Meiron, or 
Riekstina address the deficiencies in Petitioner’s allegations regarding 
Majore’s disclosures, or that they teach limitation [E]. While we agree that 
an ordinary artisan would have believed that the art related to MSCs from 
other tissue sources and cultured in different conditions would be relevant 
for its teachings and potentially applicable to all MSCs, on the record before 
us, Petitioner has not shown the teachings are interchangeable. Rather, the 
evidence of record, including Dr. Olson’s own testimony, shows that 
multiple conditions can affect marker expression. See Ex. 1089 ¶ 27, Ex. 
1014, 175–180, 182. Rojewski in particular acknowledges the 
unpredictability in MSC marker expression. Ex. 1014, 175–180, 182. 
Given this unpredictability, we are not persuaded that the ordinary artisan 
would have reasonably believed that the teachings from Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, or Riekstina would accurately predict that Majore’s 
MSCs would express the markers observed as expressed or discussed in 
those references. For instance, we are persuaded that MSCs isolated from 
newly-cultured cells obtained from non-umbilical cord tissue as in 
Pierantozzi would not reliably predict the expression pattern of established 
cultured umbilical cord-derived subepithelial cells due to the difference in 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
54 
tissue types and age of the tissue donor. See PO Resp. 37 (citing Ex. 2022 
¶ 178). 
For the reasons above, we find that Petitioner has not established that 
the ordinary artisan would have found it obvious to combine the teachings of 
the asserted art or would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so. 
 
b) Claims 2–13, and 15 
Claims 2–13 and 15 depend from claim 1. Claims 2 and 3 recite the 
expression or non-expression of additional markers not tested in Majore. 
Ex. 1001, 19:20–25. Claims 4–6 recite that the cells are positive for SOX2, 
OCT4, or both. Id. at 19:26–20:2. Claim 7 recites an isolated cell of claim 1 
with the ability to differentiate into one of a group of specified cell types and 
claims 11–14 recite isolated cells of claim 1 that have differentiated into 
individual of the enumerated cell types. Id. at 20:3–7, 20:19–26. Claim 8 
recites the production of specified exosomes. Id. at 20:8–10. Claim 9 
recites culturing the cell of claim 1 in animal component-free media. Id. at 
20:11–13. Claims 10 and 15 recite cultures of differentiated cells derived 
from a cell of claim 1. Id. at 20:14–18, 20:27–28. 
Petitioner’s allegations regarding claims 2–13 and 15 rely on its 
allegations asserted for claim 1. Pet. 35–39. For the reasons explained 
above, Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the cells isolated by 
Majore would have the expression pattern of claim 1, or that Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, or Riekstina cure the deficiencies in Petitioner’s 
allegations regarding Majore’s teachings. We find that Petitioner has not 
shown persuasively that the ordinary artisan would have found the subject 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
55 
matter of claims 2–13 and 15 obvious or that the artisan would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in combining the teachings to arrive at the 
subject matter of claims 2–13 and 15. 
 
H. Ground 4 – Obviousness of Claim 14 over Majore, Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, and Mistry 
Claim 14 recites an isolated cell of claim 1 that has differentiated into 
a cardiomyocyte cell. Petitioner incorporates its allegations of the teachings 
of the references from Ground 3. Pet. 40. Petitioner argues that Mistry 
teaches its “umbilical cord derived MSCs ‘are capable of self-renewal and 
expansion in culture and have the potential to differentiate into cells of other 
phenotypes; for example cardiomyocytes, or their progenitors’ (Mistry 18:9–
13) via treatment with 5-azacytidine (Mistry at 90:56–91:30).” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1007 ¶ 166). Petitioner relies on its earlier arguments regarding the 
teachings of Majore, Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Merion, and Mistry to contend 
they render claim 14 obvious. Id. 
Petitioner argues that a skilled artisan “would be motivated to 
combine the teachings of Majore, Pierantozzi, Rowjewski, Merion, and 
Mistry for the purpose of improving cellular therapies using MSCs because 
each reference discloses the potential therapeutic applications of MSCs.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 165). Petitioner argues the artisan would have also had an 
expectation of success in making the claimed subject matter. Id. (citing Ex. 
1007 ¶ 87). 
Patent Owner makes no arguments regarding Ground 4. See generally 
PO Resp. 
For the same reasons explained in II.G.5. above with respect to 
Ground 3, we find that Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
56 
ordinary artisan would have found the subject matter of claims 14 obvious or 
that the artisan would have had an expectation of success in combining the 
teachings to arrive at the subject matter of claim 14. 
 
I. Ground 5 – Obviousness of Claims 1–15 over Phan, Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, and Riekstina 
1. Phan (Ex. 1017) 
Phan discloses a method for isolating “stem/progenitor cells from the 
amniotic membrane of umbilical cord” comprising “separating the amniotic 
membrane from the other components of the umbilical cord in vitro, 
culturing the amniotic membrane tissue under conditions allowing cell 
proliferation, and isolating the stem/progenitor cells from the tissue 
cultures.” Ex. 1017 ¶ 1. Phan discloses that its method includes “separating 
the cells from the amniotic membrane tissue before cultivation by a 
technique selected from the group consisting of enzymatic digestion and 
direct tissue explant.” Id. ¶ 10. Phan explains that the “term ‘direct tissue 
explant technique’ as used herein means that the tissue is first placed in 
media without enzymes. Then the cells separate from the main tissue mass 
and are harvested for collection.” Id. ¶ 40. Phan discloses an embodiment 
in which the method is used to isolate “epithelial and/or mesenchymal 
stem/progenitor cells.” Id. ¶ 43. The cells are cultured under “conditions 
allowing the cells to undergo clonal expansion.” Id. ¶ 13. The cells “can 
ultimately be differentiated into, but not limited to, by morphology, 
epithelial or mesenchymal cells” which can include “skin fibroblasts, 
chondrocytes, osteoblasts, tenocytes, ligament fibroblasts, cardiomyocytes, 
smooth muscle cells, skeletal muscle cells, adipocytes, cells derived from 
endocrine glands, and all varieties and derivatives of neurectodermal cells.” 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
57 
Id. ¶¶ 42, 45. The cells “expressed 140 genes related to embryonic stem 
cells and embryonic development . . . [including] Nanog.” Id. ¶ 88. 
2. Analysis 
a) Claim 1 
Petitioner argues that the combination of Phan, Pierantozzi, Rojewski, 
Meiron, and Riekstina teaches all limitations of claim 1, and that the 
ordinary artisan would have been motivated to combine their teachings to 
make the claimed cell. Pet. 41–48. Petitioner argues that the method of 
Phan produces the claimed cell. Id. at 41. Patent Owner disagrees. 
PO Resp. 48–55. 
We evaluate whether the evidence of record shows, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that the process of Phan would have resulted 
in an “an isolated cell” having the marker characteristics of limitations [C], 
[D], and [E] recited in claim 1, despite any differences between Phan’s 
process and the process limitations of claim 1, i.e., limitations [A] and [B]. 
(1) ([Preamble] and [A]) “An isolated cell prepared by a process 
comprising placing a subepithelial layer of a mammalian umbilical cord 
tissue in direct contact with a growth substrate 
(2) ([B]) culturing the subepithelial layer such that the isolated cell from 
the subepithelial layer is capable of self-renewal and culture 
expansion 
Petitioner argues that Phan discloses [Pre], [A], and [B] “including the 
process of contacting the amniotic membrane of umbilical cord with a 
growth substrate and culturing the tissue such that the isolated cells are 
capable of self-renewal and culture expansion.” Pet. 41–44 (citing Ex. 1007 
¶¶ 167, 169–172). Petitioner argues that “the umbilical cord tissue termed 
‘amniotic membrane’ in Phan is the same tissue as the ‘subepithelial layer’ 
as disclosed in the ‘176 patent.” Id.; see also Pet. Reply 19–20, arguing that 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
58 
Patent Owner’s experts’ distinctions as to the types of membranes are 
misleading and that Phan cultures epithelial cells, not MSCs. Petitioner 
argues that Phan discloses the use of stem cell therapies for treating human 
and animal disease. Pet. 41. 
Patent Owner argues that Phan does not culture the subepithelial cell 
layer, but rather “discloses cutting up the amniotic membrane and placing it 
on culture dishes.” PO Resp. 48. Patent Owner additionally argues that 
Phan discloses culturing amniotic membrane cells using collagenase 
treatment, but that the method used was not a cell growth medium, meaning 
Phan could not have performed the step of culturing the subepithelial layer. 
Id. at 49–51. 
Patent Owner argues that Phan does not disclose using the 
subamniotic membrane and that Petitioner’s efforts to show how Phan’s 
disclosure results in culture of the subamniotic membrane fail. PO Resp. 
48–51 (citing Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 235–248). Patent Owner argues that Phan does 
not mention “subamniotic membrane” in its disclosure and that the portion 
Petitioner identifies to be amniotic membrane is mis-identified. Id. at 48–
50. Patent Owner argues the ordinary artisan would have understood that 
“any stem cells capable of self-renewal, also had positive NANOG 
expression, ‘one of the key molecules necessary for the maintenance of 
self-renewal of SCs.’” Id. at 51 (citing Ex. 1010, 494–95; Ex. 2022 ¶ 298; 
Ex. 2027 ¶¶ 23–26). Patent Owner argues that the ordinary artisan would 
not have predicted that the claimed cells were capable of renewal because 
they do not express NANOG, while Phan does. Id. Patent Owner also 
argues that Petitioner did not test Phan’s methods to confirm that positive 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
59 
NANOG expression occurred, preferring to rely on expected results. 
PO Sur-Reply, 5–6. 
As discussed in Section II.D. regarding claim interpretation, we do not 
construe “placing a subepithelial layer of a mammalian umbilical cord tissue 
in direct contact with a growth substrate” to require placing the subepithelial 
layer interior side down in direct contact with the substrate. Both Phan and 
the ’176 patent disclose using explant methods to foster cell culture and 
replication from tissue harvested from umbilical cord. See Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 1, 
41, 42, 45, 88; Ex. 1001, 13:57–14:5. Both methods result in adherent 
subepithelial cells growing on a plastic growth surface awash in culture 
media. Id. Thus, we find Petitioner has established by a preponderance of 
evidence that Majore teaches the preamble and limitations [A] and [B]. 
(a) ([D]) wherein the isolated cell expresses at least three cell markers 
selected from the group consisting of CD29, CD73, CD90, CD166, 
SSEA4, CD9, CD44, CD146, or CD105 
([C] and [E]) wherein the isolated cell does not express NANOG 
and at least five cell markers selected from the group consisting of 
CD45, CD34, CD14, CD79, CD106, CD86, CD80, CD19, CD117, 
Stro-1, or HLA-DR 
Petitioner argues that Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Merion, and Riekstina 
teach [C] and [D]23. Pet. 46–48. Petitioner relies on its earlier 
characterizations of the teachings of Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Merion, and 
Riekstina as described above regarding “MSCs from various tissues [that] 
 
23 In its Ground 5 analysis, Petitioner conflates limitation [D] (at least three 
cell markers expressed) with [C] and limitation [E] (at least five markers not 
expressed] with [D], and addresses all three limitations together. See Pet. 
45–48. For the sake of completeness, we analyze each of [C], [D], and [E] 
as if they had been correctly addressed. 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
60 
are known to express (or not express) the markers recited in the ‘176 patent 
claims.” Id. at 41. 
With regard to NANOG expression, Petitioner argues that while 
“Phan discloses NANOG expression was detected in a global gene 
expression microarray of isolated MSCs,” Pierantozzi discloses that newly 
isolated MSCs do not express NANOG, and that later expression suggests an 
adaptation of these cells as they adapt to in vitro culture conditions. Id. at 47 
(citing Pierantozzi). Petitioner argues that the ordinary artisan would 
understand that the freshly isolated cells of Phan do not express NANOG, 
notwithstanding Phan’s characterization of older, tissue culture-adapted 
MSCs. Id. (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 175–178). 
Petitioner argues that because the cited art is directed to use of MSCs 
to treat disease, a skilled artisan “would have been motivated to consult each 
of Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Merion and Riekstina to fill in any gaps with 
respect to the marker or differentiation potential of the MSCs made using the 
Phan methodology.” Id. at 42. Petitioner further argues that a skilled artisan 
would have had an expectation of success as it would have been “completely 
unsurprising and predictable for Phan’s MSCs to express markers” 
previously reported in the prior art as expressed by MSCs. Id. Petitioner 
alleges the skilled artisan would have believed the “expression patterns of 
MSCs from any tissue are informative of the biological properties of MSCs 
generally, and MSCs from various tissues can often be used interchangeably 
in cell therapies,” and thus the skilled artisan would have been motivated to 
combine the art for the purpose of improving cellular therapies. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 88, 168). 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
61 
Patent Owner argues none of [C], [D], or [E] is disclosed. PO Resp. 
52–55. Patent Owner argues through Dr. Olson that “Phan cultured tissues 
from both the epithelium and subepithelium, not solely from the 
subepithelial layer,” which would result in cells with a different gene marker 
profile than the claimed cell. Id. (citing Ex. 2027 ¶ 33). 
Patent Owner argues that Phan notes that NANOG expression is 
related to embryonic stem cell development and Pierantozzi discloses 
positive NANOG expression for cultured cells. Id. at 52. Patent Owner 
argues that Dr. Olson’s testimony that MSCs with different lineage 
commitment may result in varied expression of NANOG is inconsistent with 
record evidence and that no record evidence supports the requirement of the 
claimed cells to be NANOG negative. Rather, Patent Owner argues, “the 
POSITA would believe positive NANOG expression in cultured cells was a 
defining characteristic of MSCs.” Id. (citing Ex. 2027 ¶¶ 23–24). Patent 
Owner incorporates its prior arguments related to the remaining references. 
Id. at 53–55. 
 Upon analysis of the full record, including the parties’ arguments and 
evidence, Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the alleged combination 
of references teaches limitations [C], [D], or [E]. 
In light of our claim interpretations explained above, we find that 
Phan discloses a method of producing an isolated cell by placing mammalian 
umbilical cord tissue in direct contact with a growth substrate and culturing 
those cells to create a stable cell line capable of self-renewal and culture 
expansion. Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 1, 9, 13, 40, 42, 44. However, Phan’s process 
differs from at least the interior-down embodiment disclosed in the ’176 
patent, which Patent Owner claims is the focus of the claims at issue. PO 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
62 
Sur-Reply 19. The ’176 patent Specification does not disclose whether 
every disclosed embodiment or the broad process parameters disclosed 
therein would necessarily result in a marker profile consistent with claim 1. 
See Ex. 1001, 8:6–12; 8:29–31 (providing various marker expression 
profiles for disclosed aspects of cells). Indeed, as noted above, the claim 
language itself recognizes that cells prepared according to the process 
limitations of limitations [A] and [B] would not all have the exact same 
marker expression profile. As a result, Petitioner’s reliance on Phan’s 
process to prove the identity of Phan’s cells to the claimed cell does not 
necessarily establish production of the marker profile even though Phan may 
satisfy the process limitations as we have construed them. 
With regard to Petitioner’s arguments that the ordinary artisan would 
have been able to predict that an isolated cell having the recited marker 
profile could be made by placing a subepithelial layer of mammalian 
umbilical cord tissue in direct contact with a substrate and culturing to 
self-renewal, we find Petitioner has not provided sufficient evidence to 
support this assertion. Petitioner cites Dr. Olson’s testimony as the sole 
support for this assertion. Pet. 41–44 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 167, 169–172). 
Dr. Olson does not cite anything to support his opinion that the ordinary 
artisan would have known that MSCs could be cultured to be renewable 
from subepithelial UC tissue. Rather Dr. Olson’s testimony is grounded in 
inherency: 
Importantly, the umbilical cord tissue termed “amniotic 
membrane” in Phan is the same tissue as the “subepithelial 
layer” as disclosed in the ‘176 patent. See, e.g., Phan, Fig. 16. 
Thus, the cells produced by the process of the ‘176 patent are 
also produced by the process disclosed by Phan. 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
63 
Ex. 1007 ¶ 167. Yet, Dr. Olson’s testimony does not meet the standard for 
inherency. See, e.g., Scaltech, 178 F.3d at 1384 (“Inherency may not be 
established by probabilities or possibilities. The mere fact that a certain 
thing may result from a given set of circumstances is not sufficient to 
establish inherency.”). Nor does Dr. Olson explain why the artisan would 
have had this understanding aside from simply stating it. We accord such 
testimony little weight. See Xerox Corp., IPR2022-00624, Paper 9 at 15–16; 
37 C.F.R. § 42.65(a); Upjohn, 225 F.3d at 1311. 
 
Even assuming we agreed with Dr. Olson’s conclusion, which we do 
not, Petitioner has not provided any evidence that the marker expression 
profile is only dependent on the process used to produce the claimed cells 
while the evidence of record shows that multiple factors can influence the 
marker expression profile. See supra II.E.2. We are not persuaded that an 
ordinarily skilled artisan practicing the method of Phan would, without fail, 
as inherency requires, produce the claimed isolated cell. See also Ex. 2022 
¶¶ 259, 260 (Dr. Burger testimony regarding differences in gene expression 
between Phan’s cells and claimed cell). 
Turning to Petitioner’s allegations of obviousness, Petitioner does not 
sufficiently explain why the ordinary artisan would have been motivated to 
combine the teachings of the asserted references to obtain the claimed 
subject matter. Dr. Olson’s rationale for the combination is stated below: 
Although Phan does not expressly disclose the markers recited 
in the ‘176 patent claims, Pierantozzi, Rojewski, and Merion 
disclose that MSCs from various tissues are known to express 
(or not express) the markers recited in the ‘176 patent claims. 
Furthermore, similar to Pierantozzi, Rojewski, and Merion, 
Phan discloses that “[s]tem cell-based therapies thus have the 
potential to be useful for the treatment of a multitude of human 
and animal disease.” Phan, pgs 1-2. Thus, a person of ordinary 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
64 
skill in the art would be motivated to combine the teachings of 
Phan with Pierantozzi, Rojewski, and Merion for the purpose of 
improving cellular therapies employing MSCs. 
Ex. 1007 ¶ 168 (alteration in original). We agree that an ordinary artisan 
would be motivated to look to the teachings of analogous references for 
information, but to establish obviousness, a party must show that “there was 
an apparent reason to combine the known elements in the fashion claimed by 
the patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418 (citing In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 977, 
988 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (requiring “articulated reasoning with some rational 
underpinning to support the legal conclusion of obviousness”)). Petitioner 
has not provided sufficient rationale to explain why the ordinary artisan 
would have been motivated to make the isolated cell with the specific 
marker profile or why the artisan would have looked to the cited references 
themselves out of the wide range of references available in the art. 
We are likewise not persuaded that Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Meiron, or 
Riekstina address the deficiencies in Phan, or that they teach limitation [E]. 
While we agree that an ordinary artisan would have believed that the art 
related to MSCs from other tissue sources and cultured in different 
conditions would be relevant for its teachings and potentially applicable to 
all MSCs, on the record before us, that Petitioner has not shown the 
teachings are interchangeable. Rather, the evidence of record, including 
Dr. Olson’s own testimony, shows that multiple conditions can affect marker 
expression. See Ex. 1089 ¶ 27; Ex. 1014, 175–180, 182. Rojewski in 
particular acknowledges the unpredictability in MSC marker expression. 
Ex. 1014, 175–180, 182. Given this unpredictability, we are not persuaded 
that the ordinary artisan would have reasonably believed that the teachings 
from Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Meiron, or Riekstina would accurately predict 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
65 
that Phan’s MSCs would express the markers observed as expressed or 
discussed in those references. For instance, we are persuaded that MSCs 
isolated from newly-cultured cells obtained from non-umbilical cord tissue 
as in Pierantozzi would not reliably predict the expression pattern of 
established cultured umbilical cord-derived subepithelial cells. 
For the reasons above, we find that Petitioner has not established that 
the ordinary artisan would have found it obvious to combine the asserted art 
or would have had a reasonable expectation of success in making the subject 
matter of claim 1 by combining the teachings. 
b) Claims 2–15 
Petitioner’s allegations regarding claims 2–15 rely on its allegations 
asserted for claim 1. Pet. 48–53. For the reasons explained above, 
Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the cells isolated by Phan would 
have the expression pattern of claim 1, or that Pierantozzi, Rojewski, 
Meiron, or Riekstina cure the deficiencies in Petitioner’s allegations 
regarding Phan’s teachings. In addition, for the reasons we address above 
regarding the incompatibility of teachings from the references, we find that 
Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the ordinary artisan would have 
found the subject matter of claims 2–15 obvious or that the artisan would 
have had an expectation of success in combining the teachings to arrive at 
the subject matter of claims 2–15. 
 
J. Ground 6 – Obviousness of Claims 1–8, 10–13, and 15 by Kita, 
Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Meiron, and Riekstina 
1. Kita (Ex. 1010) 
Kita discloses a protocol to “isolate adult SCs from the cord lining 
membrane (subamniotic region of the umbilical cord), and characterize the 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
66 
isolated cells as a novel source for cell-based therapeutic approaches.” Ex. 
1010, 492. Human umbilical cord was obtained, washed, and cut into 1-inch 
pieces and dissected to open the cord, then placed in petri dishes with 
growth medium and incubated. Id. Wharton’s jelly inside the cord was 
dissected away, and pieces of “outer envelope membranes” were cultured in 
growth medium. Id. 
Figure 1 C, reproduced below, shows the location of the 
subamnion cells dissected out for study: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Figure 1 C is a “[d]iagram of the origin of cord lining membrane 
(CL)-mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs).” Id. at 493. 
Kita discloses: 
Approximately 10 to 14 days after starting the culture, a 
significant number of cells migrated from the implants into the 
petri dishes. Morphologically, most of cells appeared to be 
fibroblastoid (Fig. 1B, left), but we could also see a small 
population of epithelial-like cells when amniotic membrane was 
used as a source. 
Id. at 494. Kita states that the minor population of epithelial-like cells were 
believed to be “subamnion region-derived cells.” Id. at 493 (Fig. 1 legend). 
Osteogenic and adipogenic differentiation were successfully induced in the 
cell populations. Id. at 492. 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
67 
2. Analysis 
Petitioner argues that the combination of Kita, Pierantozzi, Rojewski, 
Meiron, and Riekstina teaches all limitations of the Challenged Claims, and 
that the ordinary artisan would have been motivated to combine their 
teachings to make the claimed cell. Pet. 53–66. Patent Owner disagrees. 
PO Resp. 59–65. 
We evaluate whether the evidence of record shows, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that the process of Kita would have resulted 
in an “an isolated cell” having the marker characteristics of limitations [C], 
[D], and [E] recited in claim 1, despite any differences between Kita’s 
process and the process limitations of claim 1, i.e., limitations [A] and [B]. 
a) Claim 1 
(1) ([Preamble] and [A]) “An isolated cell prepared by a process 
comprising placing a subepithelial layer of a mammalian umbilical cord 
tissue in direct contact with a growth substrate 
([B]) culturing the subepithelial layer such that the isolated cell from 
the subepithelial layer is capable of self-renewal and culture expansion 
Petitioner claims Kita teaches [Pre], [A], and [B] of claim 1 of the 
’176 patent by isolating MSCs from umbilical cord, placing pieces of the 
separated subamniotic membrane onto the surface of a tissue culture 
substrate, and culturing them. Pet. 55–57 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 203–207). 
Petitioner argues that a skilled artisan would have recognized Kita’s 
teachings to include the steps of [Pre], [A], and [B]. Id. at 57 (citing Ex. 
1007 ¶ 208). 
Patent Owner argues that Kita’s method includes more than 
subepithelial tissue and that the ordinary artisan would understand this. 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
68 
PO Resp. 59. Patent Owner argues that “different starting points in tissue 
culture yields different marker expression profiles.” Id. 
As discussed in Section II.D regarding claim interpretation, we do not 
construe “placing a subepithelial layer of a mammalian umbilical cord tissue 
in direct contact with a growth substrate” to require placing the subepithelial 
layer interior side down in direct contact with the substrate. Both Kita and 
the ’176 patent disclose using methods to foster cell culture and replication 
from tissue harvested from umbilical cord. See Ex. 1010, 492, Fig. 1C; Ex. 
1001, 2:9–20. Both methods result in adherent subepithelial cells growing 
on a plastic growth surface awash in culture media. See Ex. 1010, 492, Fig. 
1C; Ex. 1001, 2:9–20. Thus, we find Petitioner has established by a 
preponderance of evidence that Majore teaches the preamble and limitations 
[A] and [B]. 
(2) ([D]) wherein the isolated cell expresses at least three cell markers 
selected from the group consisting of CD29, CD73, CD90, CD166, 
SSEA4, CD9, CD44, CD146, or CD105 
Petitioner alleges that step [D] of claim 1 has no patentable weight, or, 
in the alternative, that Kita discloses that “MSCs isolated from the 
subamnion express each of CD29, CD73, CD90, SSEA4, CD44, CD146 and 
CD105.” Pet. 57–58 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 209, Table 3). Petitioner also 
alleges that Rojewski and Merion disclose the “at least three” markers 
recited in [C]24. Id. (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 209, 210). 
 
24 In its Ground 6 analysis, Petitioner conflates limitation [D] (at least three 
cell markers expressed) with [C] and limitation [E] (at least five markers not 
expressed] with [D], and addresses all three limitations together. See Pet. 
57–61. For the sake of completeness, we analyze each of [C], [D], and [E] 
as if it they been correctly addressed. 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
69 
Kita discloses that its mesenchymal cells expressed at least five of the 
recited cell markers. Ex. 1010, 495. We find that Petitioner has established 
by a preponderance of evidence that Kita teaches limitation [D]. 
(3) ([C] and [E]) wherein the isolated cell does not express NANOG and at 
least five cell markers selected from the group consisting of CD45, 
CD34, CD14, CD79, CD106, CD86, CD80, CD19, CD117, Stro-1, or 
HLA-DR 
Petitioner alleges that Kita discloses “MSCs isolated from the 
subamnion do not express CD45, CD34, and Stro-1.” Pet. 59 (citing Ex. 
1007 ¶ 209, Table 3). Petitioner alleges that Pierantozzi, Rojewski, and 
Meiron each teach non-expression of markers disclosed in [D]. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 209, 211, Table 3). 
Petitioner alleges that although “Kita discloses NANOG expression 
was detected by immunofluorescence and RT-PCR, it provides no data on 
the relative frequency of NANOG expressing cells,” which were cultured. 
Id. (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 212). Petitioner alleges that a skilled artisan would 
have understood that “the freshly isolated cells of Kita do not express 
NANOG, notwithstanding Kita’s characterization of older, tissue 
culture-adapted MSCs” because freshly isolated MSCs do not express 
NANOG, as Pierantozzi teaches. Id. at 60 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 213). 
Patent Owner argues Kita does not teach limitation [C] because Kita’s 
cells fully express NANOG. PO Resp. 60. Patent Owner argues that Kita’s 
method does not fully isolate the subepithelial tissue and that “the 
differences in gene marker expression are explained by the differences 
between Kita’s tissues and protocol and the ʼ176 Patent.” Id. 
Patent Owner argues Kita does not teach limitation [E] because Kita 
does not disclose that its cells did not express the requisite five markers. Id. 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
70 
at 61. Patent Owner argues the differences in Kita’s methods account for the 
difference in cell marker expression. Id. (citing Ex. 2027 ¶ 32). 
Upon analysis of the full record, including the parties’ arguments and 
evidence, Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the alleged combination 
of references teaches limitations [C] or [E]. Our reasoning mirrors our 
analysis for Grounds 3 and 5. See Sections II.G.1 and II.I.1. Briefly, 
Petitioner has not shown sufficiently that Kita’s process would necessarily 
cause production of the recited marker profile. While Kita’s cells are closer 
in that they satisfy limitation [D], they strongly express NANOG and Kita 
does not disclose non-expression of at least 5 of the markers in limitation 
[E]. Petitioner has not provided any evidence that the marker expression 
profile is only dependent on the process used to produce the claimed cells 
while the evidence of record shows that multiple factors can influence the 
marker expression profile. See supra, Section II.E.2. 
Petitioner’s reliance on Dr. Olson’s testimony (Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 211, 212) 
is insufficient to close the gap as it does not provide a sufficient basis for the 
ordinary artisan to have been motivated to combine the teachings of the 
asserted references to obtain the claimed subject matter. Dr. Olson’s 
rationale for the combination is stated below: 
Although Kita does not expressly disclose all the markers 
recited in the ‘176 patent claims, Pierantozzi, Rojewski, 
Merion, and Riekstina disclose that MSCs from various tissues 
are known to express (or not express) the markers recited in the 
‘176 patent claims. Furthermore, similar to Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Merion, and Riekstina, Kita discloses that the use of 
its cells obtained from the amniotic membrane “is a promising 
novel approach for the treatment of many diseases and 
injuries.” Kita, Abstract. Thus, a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would be motivated to combine the teachings of Kita with 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
71 
Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Merion, and Riekstina for the purpose of 
improving cellular therapies employing MSCs. 
Ex. 1007 ¶ 202. We agree that an ordinary artisan would be motivated to 
look to the teachings of analogous references for information, but to 
establish obviousness, a party must show “an apparent reason to combine the 
known elements in the fashion claimed by the patent at issue.” KSR, 550 
U.S. at 418 (2007). Petitioner has not provided sufficient rationale to 
explain why the ordinary artisan would have been motivated to make the 
isolated cell with the specific marker profile or why the artisan would have 
looked to the cited references themselves out of the wide range of analogous 
references available in the art. 
Neither are we persuaded that Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Meiron, or 
Riekstina address the deficiencies in Petitioner’s allegations regarding Kita’s 
teachings, or that they teach limitations [C] or [E]. While we agree that an 
ordinary artisan would have believed that the art related to MSCs from other 
tissue sources and cultured in different conditions would be relevant for its 
teachings and potentially applicable to all MSCs, on the record before us, 
Petitioner has not shown the teachings are interchangeable. Rather, the 
evidence of record, including Dr. Olson’s own testimony, shows that 
multiple conditions can affect marker expression. See Ex. 1089 ¶ 27, Ex. 
1014, 175–180, 182. Rojewski in particular acknowledges the 
unpredictability in MSC marker expression. Ex. 1014, 175–180, 182. 
Given this unpredictability, we are not persuaded that the ordinary artisan 
would have reasonably believed that the teachings from Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, or Riekstina would accurately predict that Kita’s MSCs 
would express the markers observed as expressed or discussed in those 
references. For instance, we are persuaded that MSCs isolated from 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
72 
newly-cultured cells obtained from non-umbilical cord tissue as in 
Pierantozzi would not reliably predict the expression pattern of established 
cultured umbilical cord-derived subepithelial cells. 
For the reasons above, we find that Petitioner has not established that 
the ordinary artisan would have found it obvious to combine the asserted art 
or have reasonably believed that the subject matter of claim 1 would result 
by combining the teachings. 
3. Dependent Claims 2–8, 10–13, and 15 
Claims 2–8, 10–13, and 15 depend from claim 1. Petitioner’s 
allegations regarding 2–8, 10–13, and 15 rely on its allegations asserted for 
claim 1. Pet. 61–66. For the reasons explained above, Petitioner has not 
shown persuasively that the cells isolated by Phan would have the 
expression pattern of claim 1, or that Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Meiron, or 
Riekstina cure the deficiencies in Petitioner’s allegations regarding Phan’s 
teachings. In addition, for the reasons we address above regarding the 
incompatibility of teachings from the references, we find that Petitioner has 
not shown persuasively that the ordinary artisan would have found the 
subject matter of claims 2–8, 10–13, and 15 obvious or that the artisan 
would have had an expectation of success in combining the teachings to 
arrive at the subject matter of claims 2–8, 10–13, and 15. 
 
K. Ground 7 – Obviousness of Claim 14 by Kita, Pierantozzi, Rojewski, 
Meiron, Riekstina, and Mistry 
Claim 14 recites an isolated cell of claim 1 that has differentiated into 
a cardiomyocyte cell. Petitioner alleges the cited art “all disclose the value 
of MSCs as a therapeutic for diseases,” and that a skilled artisan would have 
been motivated to combine the teachings of the cited art “to produce cell 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
73 
therapies for treatment of disease.” Pet. 67 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 235). 
Petitioner alleges that the teachings relied upon for showing the obviousness 
of claim 1 in view of Mistry’s teaching of umbilical cord-derived cells made 
to differentiate into cells with cardiomyocyte markers via treatment with 5-
azacytidine would have rendered claim 14 obvious. Id. (citing Ex. 1007 
¶ 236). 
Patent Owner alleges that Kita does not teach the claimed isolated cell 
and that Mistry does not teach differentiation into cardiomyocytes, only the 
expression of cardiac specific genes. PO Resp. 65. 
 Claim 14 depends from claim 1. For the reasons explained above in 
Section II.J.2, Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the cells isolated by 
Kita would have the expression pattern of claim 1, or that Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, Riekstina, or Mistry cure the deficiencies in Petitioner’s 
allegations regarding Kita’s teachings. For this reason, in addition to the 
reasons we address above regarding the incompatibility of teachings from 
the references, we find that Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the 
ordinary artisan would have found the subject matter of claim 14 obvious or 
that the artisan would have had an expectation of success in combining the 
teachings to arrive at the subject matter of claim 14. 
 
L. Ground 8 – Obviousness of Claim 9 by Kita, Pierantozzi, Rojewski, 
Meiron, and Majore 
Petitioner alleges that a skilled artisan would have been motivated to 
combine the teachings of Kita with Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Merion, and 
Majore “for the purpose of improving cellular therapies employing MSCs.” 
Pet. 67–68 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 237). Petitioner alleges the “use of chemically 

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
74 
defined media or human only components was common in the field of MSC 
biology,” and would have been obvious over the cited art. Id. 
Patent Owner alleges that Majore does not disclose the features of 
claim 9, and that Kita’s culture medium includes 10% fetal bovine serum, 
making the concept of use of non-animal components not obvious over the 
cited art. 
Claim 9 depends from claim 1. For the reasons explained above in 
Sections II.G.5 and II.J.2, Petitioner has not shown persuasively that the 
cells isolated by Kita would have the expression pattern of claim 1, or that 
Pierantozzi, Rojewski, Meiron, or Majore cure the deficiencies in 
Petitioner’s allegations regarding Kita’s teachings. In addition, the evidence 
of record showing a component of bovine serum in the culture media favors 
Patent Owner. Ex. 2022 ¶ 173. 
 For this reason, in addition to the reasons we address above regarding 
the incompatibility of teachings from the references, we find that Petitioner 
has not shown persuasively that the ordinary artisan would have found the 
subject matter of claim 9 obvious or that the artisan would have had an 
expectation of success in combining the teachings to arrive at the subject 
matter of claim 9. 
 
M. Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
Petitioner moves to exclude ¶¶ 30–40 of Exhibit 2009 (Declaration of 
Amit Patel) and Exhibits 2013 (TSOI Quarterly Report) and 2016 (SEC 
Registration Statement for ImmCelz). Paper 30 (“Pet. MTE”), 1. The 
relevant paragraphs and documents pertain to Patent Owner’s argument that 
the Challenged Claims are not obvious, including because secondary indicia 

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
75 
of nonobviousness show the claimed subject matter was commercially 
successful. See, e.g., PO Resp. 69. Because we find Petitioner has not met 
its burden to show that the Challenged Claims teach or render obvious all of 
the claim limitations, Petitioner’s motion is moot. 
 
III. CONCLUSION 
Based on the evidence before us, we determine Petitioner has not 
shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that the Challenged Claims of 
the ’176 patent are unpatentable over the asserted prior art. 
 
IV. ORDER 
Upon consideration of the record before us, it is: 
ORDERED that, pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a), Challenged Claims 
1–15 of U.S. Patent No. 9,803,176 B2 have not been proven unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude ¶¶ 30–40 
of Exhibit 2009 and Exhibits 2013 and 2016 is DENIED AS MOOT; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Exhibits 1007 and 1089 in their entirety, or, in the alternative, to exclude 
¶¶ 92–234 of Exhibit 1007 and ¶¶ 25–87 of Exhibit 1089 is DENIED; and 
 FURTHER ORDERED that, as this is a Final Written Decision, a 
party seeking judicial review of the Decision must comply with the notice 
and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 

--- Page 76 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
76 
 
 
 
Claim(s) 
 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–13, 15 
102 
Majore 
 
1–13, 15 
14 
103 
Majore, Mistry 
 
14 
1–13, 15 
103 
Majore, 
Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Riekstina 
 
1–13, 15 
14 
103 
Majore, 
Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Mistry 
 
14 
1–15 
103 
Phan, Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Riekstina 
 
1–15 
1–8, 10–
13, 15 
103 
Kita, Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Riekstina 
 
1–8, 10–13, 
15 
14 
103 
Kita, Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Riekstina, Mistry 
 
14 
9 
103 
Kita, Pierantozzi, 
Rojewski, Meiron, 
Majore 
 
9 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1–15 

--- Page 77 ---
IPR2021-01535 
Patent 9,803,176 B2 
 
77 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Kevin Hooper 
Ethan Fitzpatrick 
BRYAN CAVE LEIGHTON PAISNER LLP 
kchooper@bryancave.com 
ethan.fitzpatrick@bryancave.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Jed Hansen 
Steven Gray 
THORPE NORTH WESTERN LLP 
hansen@tnw.com 
steven.gray@tnw.com