--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 41 
Tel: 571-272-7822 
Dated: August 1, 2024 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
MARINUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
OVID THERAPEUTICS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
 
Before JEFFREY N. FREDMAN, ZHENYU YANG, and 
TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
FREDMAN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 328(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 2, 
“Pet.”) requesting post-grant review of claims 1–31 (the “challenged 
claims”) of U.S. Patent No. 11,395,817 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’817 patent”). 
Ovid Therapeutics, Inc. (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response. 
Paper 6 (“Prelim. Resp.”). Patent Owner “disclaimed claims 1-21 and 23-24 
of the ’817 patent under 35 U.S.C. § 253(a) in compliance with 37 C.F.R. 
§ 1.321(a).” Prelim. Resp. 4 (citing Ex. 2001, 1). 
We determined, based on the information presented in the Petition and 
Preliminary Response, that the ’817 patent was eligible for post-grant 
review, and that at least some of the challenged claims were more likely than 
not unpatentable at least based on Petitioner’s challenges under 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 102, 103, and 112, first paragraph, as anticipated, obvious, and/or lacking 
enablement. Paper 9 (“Institution Dec.”). Pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 324, the 
Board instituted trial on August 17, 2023, of all challenged claims (claims 
22 and 25–31). Id. 
Following institution, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition 
(Paper 21, “PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response 
(Paper 25, “Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 29, “Sur-
Reply”). Both Petitioner and Patent Owner filed various Objections to 
evidence (Papers 11, 23, 26) as well as Motions to Exclude certain evidence. 
Papers 34 and 35. An oral hearing was held on May 22, 2024, and a 
transcript has been entered into the record (Paper 40, “Tr.”). 
 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). This Final Written 
Decision is issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 328(a). Based on the record 

--- Page 3 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
3 
before us, we conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent are unpatentable. 
B. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
 
Petitioner identifies Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as the real party-
in-interest. Pet. 91. Patent Owner identifies Ovid Therapeutics, Inc. as the 
real party-in-interest. Paper 4, 1. 
C. Related Proceedings 
Petitioner states, regarding related matters, that they are “not aware of 
any disclaimers, reexamination certificates, other than the PGR petition.” 
Pet. 91. Patent Owner states that “U.S. Patent No. 11,395,817 (the ’817 
patent) is not involved in any related litigation matters.” Paper 4, 1. 
II. THE ’817 PATENT 
A. Background 
The ’817 patent issued July 26, 2022, from US application 17/024,127 
filed Sept. 17, 2020. Ex. 1001, codes (45), (21), (22). The ’817 patent is a 
continuation of US Application 16/789,709, filed Feb. 13, 2020, which is a 
continuation of US 16/447,300 filed June 20, 2019, which is a continuation 
of US 16/356,517 filed Mar. 18, 2019, which is a continuation of US 
16/013,500 filed June 20, 2018, which is a continuation of US 15/673,737, 
filed Aug. 10, 2017, which claims the priority benefit of provisional 
applications US 62/490,293 filed Apr. 26, 2017, and US 62/373,589 filed 
Aug. 11, 2016. Id. at code (63), (60). 
The ’817 patent “provides pharmaceutical compositions and methods 
that may be used in applications of epileptic disorders, such as status 
epilepticus.” Ex. 1001, 2:7–9. The ’817 patent teaches “[s]tatus epilepticus is 
a condition in which seizures follow one another without recovery of 

--- Page 4 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
4 
consciousness between them. Accordingly, in embodiments, the disclosed 
methods are used to treat subjects that would otherwise be resistant to one or 
more conventional therapies.” Id. at 10:8–42. 
The ’817 patent teaches “[i]n embodiments, methods are provided for 
treating an epileptic disorder by administering ganaxolone to a patient in 
need thereof.” Ex. 1001, 6:27–29. The ’817 patent teaches “methods of 
treating an epileptic disorder wherein the patient is provided improvement of 
at least one symptom for more than 4 hours after administration of the 
pharmaceutical composition to the patient.” Id. at 14:21–25. The ’817 patent 
further explains that “[i]n embodiments, improvement of at least one 
symptom for more than, e.g., 8 hours, 10 hours, 12 hours, 15 hours, 18 
hours, 20 hours, or 24 hours after administration of the pharmaceutical 
composition to the patient is provided.” Id. at 14:28–32. 
B. Challenged Claims 
Because Patent Owner disclaimed some claims, claims 22 and 25–31 
are the challenged claims in the ’817 patent, and are reproduced below. 
Because the claims all depend from claim 21 (now disclaimed), we also 
include claim 21 below for necessary context. 
 
21. 
A method of treating status epilepticus comprising 
administering to a patient in need thereof a 
pharmaceutical composition comprising ganaxolone or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof wherein the 
pharmaceutical composition is administered 
intravenously. 
22. 
The method of claim 21 wherein the pharmaceutical 
composition provides improvement to the patient after 
administration for more than 8 hours. 
25. 
The method of claim 21 wherein the patient is 
administered about 500 mg to 1000 mg/day ganaxolone. 

--- Page 5 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
5 
26. 
The method of claim 21 wherein the patient is 
administered about 625 mg to 650 mg/day ganaxolone. 
27. 
The method of claim 21 wherein the patient is 
administered about 650 mg to 675 mg/day ganaxolone. 
28. 
The method of claim 21 wherein the patient is 
administered about 675 mg to 700 mg/day ganaxolone. 
29. 
The method of claim 21 wherein the patient is 
administered about 625 mg to 700 mg/day ganaxolone. 
30. 
The method of claim 21 wherein the patient is 
administered about 700 mg to 725 mg/day ganaxolone. 
31. 
The method of claim 21 wherein the patient is 
administered about 1025 mg to 1050 mg ganaxolone. 
Ex. 1001, 40:9–33. 
III. INSTITUTED GROUNDS 
Because Patent Owner disclaimed some claims, mooting some of 
Petitioner’s grounds, we instituted trial based on all of the remaining 
applicable challenges to the patentability of the remaining claims of the 
’817 patent as presented in the Petition. See, e.g., Pet. 4. These grounds are 
presented below. 
Ground 
Reference(s)/Basis 
35 U.S.C. § 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
1 
Zhang1 
§ 102 
22, 25–31 
2 
Zhang 
§ 103 
22, 25–31 
3 
Zhang, Saporito P12 
§ 103 
22, 25–31 
 
1 Zhang et al., WO 2016/127170 A1, published Aug. 11, 2016. Ex. 1009. 
2 Saporito et al., Ganaxolone Administered Intravenously Prevents 
Behavioral Seizures and Promotes Survival in the Rat Lithium-Pilocarpine 
Model of Status Epilepticus, Poster presented April 17, 2016, at the 2016 
AAN Annual Meeting (“Saporito P1”). Ex. 1013. 

--- Page 6 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
6 
Saporito P23 
4 
Zhang, Marinus Orphan 
Drug Press Release,4 
Marinus Phase I Press 
Release5 
§ 103 
22, 25–31 
7 
Enablement 
§ 112 
22, 25–31 
Petitioner relies on Declarations by Michael A. Rogawski, M.D. (Exs. 
1003, 1041), Michael Saporito, Ph.D. (Exs. 1015, 1033), and Sharon 
Baughman, Ph.D. (Exs. 1058, 1060). Patent Owner relies on a Declaration 
by Raman Sankar, M.D., Ph.D. (Ex. 2014). 
Based on the statements of qualifications and curricula vitae, we find 
Dr. Rogawski, Dr. Saporito, Dr. Baughman, and Dr. Sankar qualified to 
provide technical opinions from the perspective of a person of ordinary skill 
in the art (“POSA”) in this proceeding. See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 3–15; Ex. 1015 ¶¶ 2, 
3, 8, 9; Ex. 1058 ¶¶ 6–13; Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 2–10. We address the admissibility of 
the Saporito and Baughman Declarations in our Order on Patent Owner’s 
Motion to Exclude, which is entered concurrently with this Decision. 
 
3 Saporito et al., Intravenous Administration of Ganaxolone Attenuates 
Electroencephalographic Seizures in a Diazepam Resistant Model of Status 
Epilepticus, Poster presented April 19 and April 20, 2016, at the 2016 AAN 
Annual Meeting (“Saporito P2”). Ex. 1014. 
4 Marinus Pharmaceuticals Receives FDA Orphan Drug Designation for 
Ganaxolone IV to Treat Status Epilepticus, Published April 15, 2016, 
Available at: https://ir.marinuspharma.com/news/news-details/2016/
Marinus-Pharmaceuticals-Receives-FDA-Orphan-Drug-Designation-for-
Ganaxolone-IV-to-Treat-Status-Epilepticus/default.aspx (“Marinus Orphan 
Drug Press Release”). Ex. 1011. 
5 Marinus Pharmaceuticals Doses First Subject in Phase I Clinical Trial for 
Ganaxolone IV, Published on June 22, 2016, Available at: https://ir.marinus
pharma.com/news/news-details/2016/Marinus-Pharmaceuticals-Doses-First-
Subject-in-Phase-1-Clinical-Trial-for-Ganaxolone-IV/default.aspx 
(“Marinus Phase I Press Release”). Ex. 1022. 

--- Page 7 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
7 
IV. LEVEL OF ORDINARY SKILL IN THE ART 
We consider the grounds of unpatentability in view of the 
understanding of a person of ordinary skill in the art as of the effective filing 
date of the challenged claims. Petitioner contends that one of ordinary skill 
in the art would 
have had a medical degree, or a Ph.D. in pharmacology or other 
field related to the development of pharmaceuticals, or 
equivalent degree, and several years of experience as a 
practicing neurologist treating patients who suffer from seizure 
disorders including status epilepticus and/or several years of 
experience in researching treatments for such seizure disorders. 
Pet. 33–34. Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s definition of a skilled 
artisan, and provides no definition of its own in the Patent Owner Response 
or Patent Owner Sur-Reply. See Papers 21, 29. 
 
Because Petitioner’s proposed level of ordinary skill in the art is 
undisputed and consistent with the cited prior art, we adopt it for purposes of 
this Decision. 
V. CLAIM CONSTRUCTION 
In a post-grant review, we interpret a claim “using the same claim 
construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a civil 
action under 35 U.S.C. 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.200(b). Under this standard, 
we construe the claim “in accordance with the ordinary and customary 
meaning of such claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and 
the prosecution history pertaining to the patent.” Id. 
A. Interpretation of “Patient” 
1. Petitioner’s position 
Petitioner “submits a construction for the term ‘patient.’ All remaining 
terms should be given their plain meaning.” Pet. 34. Petitioner asserts 

--- Page 8 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
8 
The ’817 defines “patient” (used interchangeably with 
“subject”) as “includ[ing], but not limited to, primates such as 
humans, canines, porcine, ungulates, rodents, poultry, and 
avian.” One such patient within the scope of the Challenged 
Claims is, therefore, a rat. Another is a human. 
Id. at 34–35 (citing Ex. 1001, 32:65–67; Ex. 1003 ¶ 67) (footnotes omitted, 
alteration in original). Petitioner asserts that if Patent Owner “wanted to 
prosecute claims limited to ‘treating a human patient,’ they could have done 
so (and are doing so in other applications in this family). But here, they 
didn’t.” Reply 6–7. 
 
Petitioner asserts the “veterinary market was and continues to be 
significant for SE [status epilepticus], and the inclusion of various animal 
species in the definition of ‘patient’ is consistent with the understanding of 
the term in the art.” Reply 5. Petitioner asserts “[n]one of the limitations of 
claims 22 or 25-31 suggest any limitation on the term ‘patient’ either. Any 
patient may exhibit ‘improvement’ as recited in claim 22.” Id. at 6. 
2. Patent Owner’s position 
Patent Owner asserts “‘[t]reating status epilepticus comprising 
administering to a patient in need thereof’ in claims 22 and 25-31 means 
‘treating a human patient suffering from SE.’ This construction is supported 
by the intrinsic record.” PO Resp. 17 (citation omitted); cf. Sur-Reply 4. 
Patent Owner contends that when claim 22 recites “a patient in need 
thereof,” a skilled artisan would thus understand that the “‘someone “in 
need”’ would be a human patient suffering from SE, and is not a rat or other 
animal receiving ganaxolone for research purposes.” PO Resp. 18. 
Patent Owner asserts the Specification “refers to ‘treating’ in the 
context of addressing clinical and subclinical symptoms of a disease or a 

--- Page 9 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
9 
condition, and not in the context of preclinical, research uses.” PO Resp. 18 
(citing Ex. 1001, 29:29–51; Ex. 2014 ¶ 59). Patent Owner asserts that the 
“specification does not correlate ‘treating’ and ‘treatment’ to using rats for 
research purposes.” Id. (citing Ex. 2014 ¶ 59). Patent Owner contends that 
the Examples “are simply ‘administered’ to rats. These examples do not 
refer to treating the rats.” Id. at 19. 
Patent Owner further contends that “for claims 25-31, a skilled artisan 
would understand that the doses recited in these claims (ranging from 
500 mg to 1050 mg) are at least 130 times larger than the doses administered 
to rats in the ’817 patent’s examples.” PO Resp. 19. Patent Owner asserts 
that “administering a 500 mg dose of ganaxolone to a rat would not fall 
within the range disclosed in the specification. A POSA thus would have 
understood that the ‘patient’ being administered the dosage amounts recited 
in claims 25-31 would not have been a rat.” Id. at 20–21 (citing Ex. 2014 
¶ 63). Patent Owner asserts that a “POSA also would have understood that 
administering several thousand mg/kg ganaxolone to a rat would not result 
in treating SE and would instead be toxic to the rat.” Id. at 22 (citing Ex. 
2014 ¶ 64). Patent Owner concludes that “interpreting ‘patient’ in claims 25-
31 to include a rat would lead to a ‘nonsensical reading’ of claims 25-31.” 
Id. 
Patent Owner contends 
Petitioner focuses on a single passage in the ’817 patent that 
simply states that “[p]atient ... include[s]” multiple species. Ex. 
1001, 32:65-67 (emphasis added). “Include” does not mean 
“require.” And, as shown above, “patient” must be read in the 
context of its use, which in the challenged claims refers to 
treating a human patient in need of treatment for SE. In the 

--- Page 10 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
10 
context of claims 22 and 25-31, the recited doses clearly meant 
for administration to humans. 
PO Resp. 23. 
3. Analysis 
We begin with the language of the claims. All of the claims recite the 
term “patient” and claim 21 specifically states “patient in need thereof.” 
None of the claims at issue place any limitations on who can be a “patient.” 
We next turn to the Specification because “the specification ‘is always 
highly relevant to the claim construction analysis. Usually, it is dispositive; 
it is the single best guide to the meaning of a disputed term.’” Phillips v. 
AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1315 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc) (citing 
Vitronics Corp. v. Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1582 (Fed. Cir. 1996)). 
Phillips explains that “the specification may reveal a special definition given 
to a claim term by the patentee that differs from the meaning it would 
otherwise possess. In such cases, the inventor’s lexicography governs.” Id. at 
1316. 
[T]he definition in the patent documents controls the claim 
interpretation. . . . Any other rule would be unfair to 
competitors who must be able to rely on the patent documents 
themselves, without consideration of expert opinion that then 
does not even exist, in ascertaining the scope of a patentee’s 
right to exclude. 
Southwall Tech., Inc. v. Cardinal IG Co., 54 F.3d 1570, 1578 (Fed. Cir. 
1995). 
The Specification of the ’817 patent has a special definition where the 
inventor provided their own lexicography, and the definition states: 
“‘Patient’ and ‘subject’ are used interchangeably herein and include, but not 

--- Page 11 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
11 
limited to, primates such as humans, canines, porcine, ungulates, rodents, 
poultry, and avian.” Ex. 1001, 32:65–67. 
 
As we review the extrinsic evidence, a preponderance of the extrinsic 
evidence does not support limiting the term “patient” to human. While Dr. 
Sankar states that the ordinary artisan would have understood patient to 
mean “treating a human patient suffering from SE [status epilepticus],” Dr. 
Sankar never confronts in his Declaration the express definition of patient 
recited in the ’817 patent. Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 58–64. And while Dr. Sankar 
discusses doses given to rats, Dr. Sankar does not address veterinary 
treatments in other animals included in the express definition in the ’817 
patent. 
 
In response to being asked whether he agreed that there was “no 
human data provided for treatment of SE with ganaxolone in the 817 
patent,” Dr. Sankar answered “yes.” Ex. 1042, 42:17–21. Similarly, when 
asked “are you aware of nonhumans that are in need of treatment for SE,” 
Dr. Sankar answered “[t]here may be in veterinarian practice but that’s 
outside my scope. But in my world we use the term ‘patient’ only for 
humans.” Id. at 88:20–25. During deposition, Dr. Sankar was provided 
Exhibit 1051, titled “ACVIM6 Consensus Statement on the management of 
status epilepticus and cluster seizures in dogs and cats” and acknowledged 
that these were nonhuman animals subject to diagnosis with SE. Id. at 
89:18–25. When asked whether the doses in claims 25–31 could be 
administered to dogs or pigs, Dr. Sankar stated “depends on the size of the 
 
6 ACVIM is the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine. See 
Ex. 1051, 1. 

--- Page 12 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
12 
dog” and “[a]gain, it depends on the size. I would say we’re outside my 
realm of practice or even experiment.” Id. at 92:4–8. 
 
Dr. Rogawski states, in response to the definition of “patient” in the 
’817 patent that “[t]his definition indicates that a patient may be a human 
patient, or may be a non-human animal patient, including, for example, a 
dog (canine), pig (porcine), or rat (rodent).” Ex. 1041 ¶ 22. Dr. Rogawski 
states a “veterinarian’s patient is just as much a patient as a medical doctor’s 
patient, and veterinarians routinely treat their animal patients for SE using 
medications.” Id. (citing Exs. 1050, 1051). 
 
Dr. Rogawski notes that the distinction Patent Owner is asserting 
between “treating” humans and “administering” to rats collapses even within 
the context of the ’817 patent itself, where 
the term “treat” is used specifically in relation to administering 
ganaxolone to a rat suffering from SE for the purpose of 
treating the SE (e.g., “dose/treatment/group” captions to Fig. 2 
and Fig. 7; “Post-Treatment Seizures” title of Fig. 5; 
“Treatment” axis label of Fig. 6A; “Treatment”, caption to Fig. 
6B; column 35, lines 62–3, and 67; column 36, lines 14 and 42; 
column 37, lines 8, 40, and 65; and column 38, lines 13, 18, and 
33). 
Ex. 1041 ¶ 27. Dr. Rogawski states that “dogs are susceptible to status 
epilepticus and when this occurs, they are in need of treatment. Many types 
of dogs have body weights that would be similar to the weight range of 
humans” and “[t]hat the specific doses set forth in claims 25–31 may be 
higher than the dose that would likely be given to a rat does not suggest to a 
person of skill in the art that the term ‘patient’ in the claims is limited to 
humans.” Id. ¶ 30. In deposition, Dr. Rogawski acknowledges that he is not 
an expert in veterinary science, but states “I treat animals very frequently in 
the laboratory setting. Much of my work involves studies on status 

--- Page 13 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
13 
epilepticus in animals. Also, I have collaborators with veterinarians, 
particularly at the University of Minnesota, who treat animals routinely with 
status epilepticus, and I confer with them on a regular basis.” Ex. 2024, 
26:23–27:16 (emphasis omitted). 
As to Patent Owner’s reliance on the terms “clinical” or “subclinical” 
to infer treatment only of humans, we find no persuasive reason or evidence 
explaining why treatment of animals is excluded by these terms. Patent 
Owner does not identify any discussion of any understanding the Examiner 
inferred from the prosecution history or any indication that the prosecution 
history disagrees with the express definition of “patient” in the Specification. 
The terms “clinical” and “subclinical” do not appear in claims 21, 22, or 25–
31 nor are these terms defined by the ’817 patent in any way that suggests 
the terms exclude non-human animals. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 29:29–51. 
While a term in a Specification may be interpreted by implication, we 
are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s attempt to infer a different construction 
that contradicts the express definition of “patient” and “subject” in the 
’817 patent. The extrinsic evidence provides no basis to exclude veterinary 
uses of the compound, particularly when the ’817 patent expressly defines 
the term “patient” to include such veterinary patients. 
As to the dosing amounts recited by claims 25–31, we credit Dr. 
Rogawski’s statements that these doses would reasonably be expected to fall 
within the range required for certain veterinary patients such as dogs and 
cats of appropriate size, particularly as the weight range of humans from 
babies to adults overlaps the weight ranges of dogs and cats. See, e.g., Ex. 
1041 ¶ 30. 

--- Page 14 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
14 
We therefore conclude that a preponderance of the evidence of record, 
including the definition recited in the ’817 patent and the extrinsic evidence, 
supports a finding that the terms “patient” and “subject” include animals 
such as rats, cats, and dogs, as well as humans. 
B. Interpretation of “Improvement to the patient after administration 
for more than 8 hours” 
1. Patent Owner’s position 
Patent Owner asserts that: 
“Improvement to the patient after administration for more than 
8 hours” in claim 22 means that there is improvement to the 
human patient more than 8 hours after the full dose of 
ganaxolone is given, regardless of whether the full amount of 
ganaxolone is given in a single administration or multiple 
administrations. Ex. 2014, ¶ 65. 
PO Resp. 24. Patent Owner asserts “the claim requires measuring 
improvement after that total amount has been administered.” Id. Patent 
Owner cites Dr. Sankar as explaining “a POSA would have understood that 
whether the administration of a particular drug results in sustained 
improvement to a patient with SE would be assessed after the full dose of 
the drug is administered to the patient.” Id. (citing Ex. 2014 ¶ 66); cf. Sur-
Reply 6. 
2. Petitioner’s position 
 
Petitioner asserts that claim 22 “does not require any specific dosing 
regimen.” Reply 7. Petitioner asserts 
The ’817 patent explains that “improvement” refers to a 
relative change in symptoms, which may be measured “in a 
subject prior to treatment, and again one or more times after 
treatment is initiated.” Initiated, not completed. This is 
consistent with how those in clinical practice measure 
improvement during treatment. 

--- Page 15 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
15 
Id. (citing Ex. 1041 ¶¶ 32–37) (footnote omitted). Petitioner asserts the 
phrase “Improvement to the patient after administration for more than 8 
hours” in claim 22 “simply requires measuring symptoms at a time more 
than 8 hours after treatment is initiated, as the ’817 describes.” Id. at 8. 
Petitioner asserts “Initiated, not completed. This is consistent with how 
those in clinical practice measure improvement during treatment.” Id. at 7. 
3. Analysis 
 
We start with the language of claim 22 that recites “the 
pharmaceutical composition provides improvement to the patient after 
administration for more than 8 hours.” Claim 22 does not indicate whether 
this is after the start of administration, after the completion of 
administration, or after some intermediate point. However, the plain 
language suggests that recited “improvement” occurs “after” the recited 
“administration” period. See, e.g., KEYnetik, Inc. v. Samsung Electronics 
Co., Ltd., 837 F. App’x 786, 792 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (“use of the word ‘after’ in 
the claim indicates a temporal relationship.”) 
 
We therefore turn to the ’817 patent specification for clarification. 
The ’817 patent repeats the claim language in a number of locations. See, 
e.g., Ex. 1001, 5:1–2, 5:9–11; 14:21–41; 15:18–19; 24:45–49. The ’817 
patent provides definitions of “Improvement” and of “Improvement in next 
functioning,” but neither of these definitions addresses the timing issue. See 
id. at 29:57–30:5. The schematic drawing in Figure 2, however, addresses 
timing, and is reproduced below: 

--- Page 16 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
16 
 
“FIG. 2 is a schematic drawing depicting a timeline for an evaluation study 
of the ability of allopregnanolone, ganaxolone and gaboxadol to block 
benzodiazepine resistant status epilepticus in rats.” Ex. 1001, 3:48–51. 
 
Figure 2 differentiates between a 30 minute administration period, a 
120 minute post-drug dosing period during which the animals are observed, 
and a 24 hour timepoint after which the animals are weighed, consistent with 
the ’817 patent disclosure that “[a]ll rats are observed and scored for seizure 
severity for 120 min post drug administration.” Ex. 1001, 35:64–65. This 
disclosure tends, on balance, to support Patent Owner’s proposed 
interpretation. 
 
Turning to the extrinsic evidence, Dr. Sankar similarly stated 
whether a patient with SE has sustained any improvement after 
administration of a drug is typically assessed at a point in time 
after a full dose is administered, rather than starting the clock 
after the first administration of only part of the dose. This is 
because the full dose of the drug is generally required to 
provide the expected effect. 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 66 (emphasis added). 

--- Page 17 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
17 
 
Dr. Rogawski, in contrast, stated 
measuring an improvement at intervals after initiation of 
treatment is consistent with how improvement is measured in 
clinical practice when SE is treated. Patients exhibiting SE are 
critically ill and they are monitored closely and continuously 
for changes in their condition after the start of treatment, not 
only after a treatment ends. 
Ex. 1041 ¶ 34. In deposition, when asked “[w]ould you agree that Claim 22 
requires improvement to the patient for more than eight hours after the total 
amount required to treat SE is administered?” Dr. Rogawski answered “I do 
not have an opinion on that.” Ex. 2015, 46:9–13. 
 
As we balance the plain language of claim 22, the intrinsic evidence 
in Figure 2 of the ’817 patent, and the expert declarations, we find that a 
preponderance of the evidence better supports a conclusion that the skilled 
artisan would understand “improvement to the patient after administration 
for more than 8 hours” as improvement measured starting 8 hours after the 
complete dose of the compound is administered. 
V. ANALYSIS 
A. Principles of Law 
In a post-grant review, as in an inter partes review, “the petitioner has 
the burden from the onset to show with particularity why the patent it 
challenges is unpatentable.” See Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 
1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016). This burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent 
Owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 
1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). 
“Determining whether claims are anticipated involves a two-step 
analysis. The first step involves construction of the claims of the patent at 
issue.” In re Aoyama, 656 F.3d 1293, 1296 (Fed. Cir. 2011). “The second 

--- Page 18 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
18 
step [of an anticipation analysis] involves comparing the claims to the prior 
art. Anticipation is a question of fact reviewed for substantial evidence.” Id. 
“A prior art reference anticipates a patent claim . . . if it discloses every 
claim limitation.” In re Montgomery, 677 F.3d 1375, 1379 (Fed. Cir. 2012). 
A reference may anticipate inherently if a claim limitation that is not 
expressly disclosed “is necessarily present, or inherent, in the single 
anticipating reference.” Verizon Servs. Corp. v. Cox Fibernet Va., Inc., 602 
F.3d 1325, 1337 (Fed. Cir. 2010). 
The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). The 
obviousness inquiry also typically requires an analysis of “whether there was 
an apparent reason to combine the known elements in the fashion claimed by 
the patent at issue.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 418 (2007) 
(citing In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (requiring “articulated 
reasoning with some rational underpinning to support the legal conclusion of 
obviousness”)). A petitioner cannot prove obviousness with “mere 
conclusory statements.” In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 
1380 (Fed. Cir. 2016). Rather, a petitioner must articulate a sufficient reason 
why a person of ordinary skill in the art would have combined the prior art 
references. In re NuVasive, 842 F.3d 1376, 1382 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
these principles. 

--- Page 19 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
19 
B. Overview of the Asserted Prior Art 
1. Zhang (Ex. 1009)7 
Zhang is a published patent application filed with the World 
Intellectual Property Organization on Feb. 8, 2016 and published on August 
11, 2016. Ex. 1009, codes (22), (43). Zhang discloses that “[s]tatus 
epilepticus (SE) is a serious seizure disorder in which the epileptic patient 
experiences a seizure lasting more than five minutes, or more than one 
seizure in a five minute period without recovering between seizures.” Id. ¶ 1. 
Zhang teaches “[t]here are currently no good treatment options for these 
patients. The mortality rate for refractory status epilepticus (RSE) patients is 
high.” Id. Zhang teaches “there exists the need for additional treatments for 
seizure disorders such as status epilepticus . . . . This disclosure fulfills this 
need and provides additional advantages.” Id. ¶ 4. 
Zhang teaches “an injectable ganaxolone formulation comprising 
ganaxolone, sulfobutyl ether-β-cyclodextrin; and water. . . . The disclosure 
also provides a method of treating a patient having a seizure disorder . . . 
comprising administering an effective amount of the injectable ganaxolone 
formulation.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 6. Zhang teaches a “‘patient’ is a human or non-
human animal in need of medical treatment. Medical treatment includes 
treatment of an existing condition, such as a disorder.” Id. ¶ 22. “Seizure 
disorders that may be treated with the substituted β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone 
injectable formulation include status epilepticus.” Id. ¶ 70. Zhang teaches 
embodiments where the 
 
7 The pagination used herein follows that in Ex. 1009, not the original 
pagination of the document but the paragraph numbers are those of the 
original document. 

--- Page 20 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
20 
substituted β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone injectable formulation is 
administered as an intravenous infusion dose, either without 
[sic] or without a previous bolus dose for 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 
or 10 consecutive days. The infusion dose may be administered 
at a rate of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, or 10 mg/kg/hr or in a range 
of about 1 mg/kg/hr to about 10 mg/kg/ hr or 2 mg/kg/hr to 
about 8 mg/kg/hrs. 
Id. ¶ 76. 
Zhang provides a working example addressing ganaxolone effect on 
pilocarpine-induced status epilepticus in rats in Example 8. Ex. 1009 ¶ 117. 
Zhang teaches a study to “determine the ability of a CAPTISOL-ganaxolone 
(GNX) formulation administered intravenously (IV) at 12 and 15 mg/kg to 
inhibit pilocarpine induced status epilepticus (SE). . . . In this study, test 
drugs were administered either 15 or 60 minutes after onset of SE and 
compared to vehicle (30% Captisol).” Id. Zhang teaches “[c]ortical EEG[8] 
activity was recorded in rats before and after administration of pilocarpine to 
induce SE. Animals were pre-treated with LiCl to enhance and improve 
reliability of seizure induction and scopolamine to reduce peripheral 
cholinergic side effects of pilocarpine.” Id. ¶ 118. Zhang teaches “EEG 
activity was recorded for 5 h after SE onset, and anticonvulsant activity was 
assessed by determining changes in EEG power over frequency ranges from 
0.3 to 96 Hz.” Id. Zhang teaches 
[t]he time of SE onset was determined by observation and 
recorded, and the animal dosed with the vehicle, 
allopregnanolone, or ganaxolone either 15 or 60 min post SE-
Onset. Rats were observed for behavior changes at 
approximately 2, 15, 30, 60, 120 and 240 minutes after 
 
8 “[B]rain waves are measured with an electroencephalogram [EEG].” 
Ex. 1001, 11:9–10. 

--- Page 21 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
21 
pilocarpine administration. Each animal was recorded once and 
euthanized 5 h after treatment. 
Id. ¶ 127. Zhang teaches “[g]anaxolone at 12 and 15 mg/kg produced 
qualitatively similar results, with both dose levels producing a very strong 
reduction in SE amplitude overall.” Id. ¶ 134. Table 6 of Zhang, comparing 
treatment with the control (vehicle) and 15 mg/ml ganaxolone administered 
15 minutes after status epilepticus onset is reproduced in part below. 
 
“TABLE 6 summarizes the treatment effects for allopregnanolone or 
ganaxolone administered 15 minutes post seizure onset.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 131. 
Table 6 shows that 
[w]hen dosed 15 minutes after SE-onset, GNX reduced EEG 
power across all frequency ranges to levels at or below baseline 
for at up to 5 h. From 5–70 Hz, EEG power was reduced to near 
the baseline level and remained there for 5 h post dosing. At 0–
5 Hz, EEG power was reduced below the baseline level for 
approximately 90 min, and at 70–96 Hz, EEG power remained 
below baseline for the entire 5 h. 
Id. ¶ 135. 

--- Page 22 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
22 
2. Saporito P1 (Ex. 1013) 
Saporito P1 is a poster presented at the American Academy of 
Neurology 2016 Annual Meeting. Ex. 1012, 46. Saporito P1 teaches their 
“studies were conducted to evaluate the dose- and time-dependent 
therapeutic potential of intravenously, (IV) administered GNX for the 
treatment of CSE in this clinically translatable rodent model. Moreover, 
these studies measured behavioral seizures and survival, and complement 
studies that measured seizures by EEG activity.” Ex. 1013, 1. Saporito P1 
teaches “animals received GNX dose-levels of 6, 9, 12 mg/kg.” Id. Saporito 
P1 teaches “[c]ompounds were administered via IV administration at time of 
CSE onset (time 0) and 15, 30, and 60 minutes after onset.” Id. Saporito P1 
teaches that “[a]fter compound administration, animals were observed for 
the presence or absence of convulsive seizures (stage 3 or greater) for an 
additional 2 hours. Animals that did not exhibit a convulsive seizure during 
that time period were considered protected.” Id. Saporito P1 concluded that 
Lithium-pilocarpine administration produced a convulsive 
status epilepticus. . . . GNX IV halted CSE and produced a 
dose-dependent reduction in seizures associated with CSE when 
administered at 3 different doses over four separate time points 
after the first observed convulsive seizure. . . . Significant 
activity of GNX was observed at a dose of 6 mg/kg and 
maximal protection at dose levels between 9 and 12 mg/kg. . . . 
GNX IV promoted survival at rates similar to those observed 
with administration of allopregnanolone as measured at 24 
hours after CSE onset in CSE induced rats. 
Id. 
3. Saporito P2 (Ex. 1014) 
Saporito P2 is a poster presented at the American Academy of 
Neurology 2016 Annual Meeting. Ex. 1012, 99. Saporito P2 teaches “current 

--- Page 23 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
23 
studies were designed to compare the anti-epileptic activity of GNX and 
ALLO in this treatment resistant model of SE.” Ex. 1014, 1. Saporito P2 
teaches “SE was first identified by presence of large amplitude slow wave 
EEG activity and then behaviorally using the Racine scale. Racine stage 3 
seizures were used as the time-marker for SE onset and subsequent 
treatment.” Id. Saporito P2 teaches “GNX, ALLO, or diazepam were 
administered via intravenous (IV) bolus injection 15 or 60 minutes after 
detection of SE onset.” Id. Saporito P2 teaches 
Ganaxolone (GNX) (12 and 15 mg/kg) or allopregnanolone 
(ALLO) (15 mg/kg) were administered 15 minutes after status 
epilepticus (SE) onset and EEG seizure response measured for 
5 additional hours. GNX at both dose-levels produced a durable 
reduction in seizure response (≥ 5 hrs). ALLO produced a 
shorter duration response (≤ 1 hr). 
Id. Saporito P2 concluded “GNX administration elicits a sustained (≥ 5 hrs) 
block of SE independent of treatment time after SE onset.” Id. 
4. Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release (Ex. 1011) 
Marinus Orphan Drug teaches “the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) has granted Orphan Drug Designation to the 
intravenous (IV) formulation of its CNS-selective GABAA modulator, 
ganaxolone for the treatment of status epilepticus.” Ex. 1011, 1. 
5. Marinus Phase I Press Release (Ex. 1022) 
Marinus Phase I Press Release 
announced that it has dosed the first subject in its Phase 1 
clinical trial of ganaxolone IV, an intravenous (IV) formulation 
of Marinus’ CNS-selective GABAA modulator, for the 
treatment of status epilepticus (SE). The study is designed to 
evaluate the safety, pharmacokinetics (PK) and 

--- Page 24 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
24 
Pharmacodynamics (PD) of ganaxolone IV in healthy 
volunteers. 
Ex. 1022, 1. 
C. 
Ground 1 – Anticipation over Zhang 
Petitioner contends that claims 22 and 25–31 are anticipated by 
Zhang. Pet. 44–45, 46–48. 
1. Petitioner’s positions 
a. Petitioner’s position on claim 22 
Petitioner asserts 
Zhang teaches a POSA how to make its ganaxolone 
formulations throughout the specification (including by way of 
working examples), and also teaches a POSA how to use its 
ganaxolone formulations to treat SE, in particular, by including 
working examples demonstrating the efficacy of ganaxolone for 
the treatment of SE in the rat lithium-pilocarpine model. 
Pet. 36 (citing Ex. 1009 ¶¶ 116–136; Ex. 1003 ¶ 65) (footnote omitted). 
Petitioner asserts 
[e]xample 8 of Zhang describes the effects of ganaxolone in rats 
with lithium pilocarpine-induced SE. 
The rats of Example 8 were administered a 
CAPTISOL®-ganaxolone formulation intravenously at 12 and 
15 mg/kg, administered either 15 or 60 minutes after onset of 
SE. Therapeutic activity of ganaxolone in the treatment of SE 
was assessed by determining changes in EEG power for five 
hours after onset of SE. Ganaxolone at both 12 and 15 mg/kg 
“produced a very strong reduction in SE amplitude overall.” 
Id. at 36–37 (citing Ex. 1009 ¶ 117, 118, 134; Ex. 1003 ¶ 66) (footnotes 
omitted). Petitioner specifically asserts, with regard to independent claim 21 
from which claim 22 depends, “Zhang teaches that its ganaxolone 

--- Page 25 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
25 
formulations ‘include parenteral formulations suitable for intravenous 
infusion,’ and teaches a POSA how to use ganaxolone (intravenously) to 
treat a patient with SE (whether human or rat).” Id. at 44 (citing Ex. 1001, 
38:48–51, 40:8–12; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 89–90). 
Petitioner asserts, specific to claim 22, that “[w]hile Zhang does not 
expressly disclose that its ganaxolone formulations provide ‘improvement to 
the patient after administration for more than 8 hours,’ this would be the 
natural result of administering them to a patient with SE, as taught by Zhang. 
As such, Zhang inherently teaches the limitation of claim 22.” Pet. 45 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 93); cf. Reply 10. 
Petitioner asserts, as a separate basis for Zhang anticipating claim 22, 
that 
Zhang states: “Methods of treatment also include administering 
multiple injections of the β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone injectable 
formulation over a period of 1 to 10 days. The injections may 
be given at intervals of 1 to 24 hours.” A skilled artisan would 
immediately recognize that if a single bolus treatment for SE 
suppresses seizures for up to 2 hours as ganaxolone is clearly 
shown to do in Tables 6 and 7, then the treatment could be 
repeated at intervals of 2 hours to provide sustained treatment 
for more than 8 hours. 
Pet. 45 (footnote omitted). 
b. Petitioner’s position on claims 25–31 
Petitioner asserts “Zhang discloses ‘embodiments in which multiple 
bolus doses of the ganaxolone/sulfobutyl ether-β-cyclodextrin formulation 
are administered to the patient.’” Pet. 46–47 (citing Ex. 1009 ¶ 85; Ex. 1003 
¶ 102). Petitioner asserts that in “certain embodiments the multiple bolus 
doses are given over 1 to 10 days at intervals of 1 to 24 hours” and that “[i]n 

--- Page 26 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
26 
certain embodiments each bolus dose comprises about 1 mg/kg to about 20 
mg/kg ganaxolone.” Id. (alteration in original). 
Petitioner’s expert prepared a table correlating the dose ranges recited 
in claims 25–31 with the same dose range recited in amounts administered to 
a 70 kg patient in mg/kg and found that “Zhang’s bolus doses of 1 mg/kg to 
20 mg/kg, for a 70 kg patient, encompass each of the amounts recited in 
claims 24–31.” Pet. 48 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 104). Petitioner asserts “[t]here is 
no ‘picking and choosing’ required to conclude that Zhang describes 
administering IV ganaxolone to a patient in the claimed amounts sufficiently 
to enable a POSA to do so.” Reply 12. 
2. Patent Owner’s positions 
a. Patent Owner’s position on claim 22 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner “points to nothing in Zhang that 
describes treating a human patient, let alone one suffering from SE.” PO 
Resp. 25. Patent Owner asserts “[n]or can Petitioner point to any relevant 
disclosure in Zhang that describes intravenously administering ganaxolone 
to a human patient suffering from SE. . . . Thus, for this reason alone, 
Petitioner has not established that Zhang anticipates any of the challenged 
claims, all of which depend from claim 21.” Id. at 26. 
Patent Owner asserts “Petitioner points to no evidence as to why 
‘improvement to the patient after administration for more than 8 hours’ 
would inevitably happen based on Zhang’s disclosure.” PO Resp. 30. Patent 
Owner asserts that “Zhang cannot demonstrate that ganaxolone has any 
effect on SE in a human patient, through inherency or otherwise, because 
ganaxolone was not administered to a human patient.” Id. at 29. Patent 
Owner states a “showing of inherent anticipation requires that the limitation 

--- Page 27 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
27 
inevitably occur, not just might occur.” Id. (citing Allergan, Inc. v. Apotex 
Inc., 754 F.3d 952, 960–61 (Fed. Cir. 2014)). Patent Owner notes that 
Dr. Rogawski admitted that after the 5-hour mark in Zhang’s 
Example 8 that “it’s possible that there could be improvement, 
there might not be improvement. When one is treating a 
medical condition, there’s always a degree of variability and 
one doesn’t expect a certain outcome.” Ex. 2015, 155:7-16; see 
also Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 76-78. This is insufficient to demonstrate 
anticipation by inherency. 
Id. at 30. 
Patent Owner asserts “Zhang instead discloses the opposite—any 
effect of ganaxolone in reducing EEG power diminishes by 5 hours.” PO 
Resp. 31 (citing Ex. 1009 ¶¶ 135–136; Ex. 2014 ¶ 76). Patent Owner also 
asserts that “Petitioner’s argument that the 8-hour limitation in claim 22 can 
be satisfied by repeated treatments of ganaxolone “at intervals of 2 hours” is 
also without merit” because the argument “contradicts the ordinary and 
customary reading of the claim language, which requires improvement to the 
patient for more than 8 hours after the total dose of ganaxolone required to 
treat SE has been administered.” Id. at 32. Patent Owner further asserts 
“Petitioner improperly relies on what a POSA allegedly would have known 
to fill the gaps in Zhang,” “Petitioner necessarily resorts to improper picking 
and choosing from different portions of Zhang to allegedly meet this 
limitation,” and “Petitioner provides no evidence as to why improvement to 
the patient for more than 8 hours after the total dose of ganaxolone is 
administered would inevitably happen once the total dose is divided into 
multiple injections at 2-hour intervals.” Id. at 33–35. 
b. Patent Owner’s position on claims 25–31 
Patent Owner asserts 

--- Page 28 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
28 
[n]othing in Zhang ties its disclosure of bolus doses of 
“about 1 mg/kg to about 20 mg/kg” to any one disease state, let 
alone treating SE. Zhang’s general disclosure is not specific to 
any one disease state, dosage strength, or dosing regimen. Ex. 
2014 ¶ 82. Indeed, Zhang includes numerous options beyond 
dose amount—it also postulates that the ganaxolone 
formulations could be used to treat at least 31 different diseases 
or disorders. 
PO Resp. 37. Patent Owner contends that Zhang “provides several broad 
dose ranges for administering a ganaxolone formulation in the abstract, and 
not for any specific disease. . . . This level of picking and choosing from 
disparate paragraphs in Zhang cannot support Petitioner’s anticipation 
challenge.” Id. at 38. Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner’s “picking and 
choosing among Zhang’s disclosure of 31 different diseases or disorders and 
various dosing regimens to arrive at the specific dose ranges for treating SE 
in the claims remains improper.” Sur-Reply 11. 
 
Patent Owner contends that Zhang’s range allows for potential daily 
doses ranging from “as a weight-based dose range for a 70 kg adult human, 
about 70 mg/day to 33,600 mg/day. Ex. 2014, ¶ 83.” PO Resp. 38. Patent 
Owner asserts that this “encompasses several broad dose ranges that would 
be ineffective to treat SE patients and not result in improvement to the 
patient as claims 25–31 require. Ex. 2014, ¶ 85.” Id. Patent Owner notes that 
“Zhang’s Example 8 provides data in only the rat-lithium pilocarpine model 
and only at ganaxolone doses of 12 mg/kg and 15 mg/kg. Ex. 1009, 
¶ [0117].” Id. 

--- Page 29 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
29 
3. Analysis 
a. Claim 22 
It is Petitioner’s burden to show by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claim 22 of the ’817 patent is unpatentable as anticipated by Zhang, and 
we find that Petitioner has failed to meet its burden. See 35 U.S.C. § 326(e). 
We agree with Petitioner, as discussed in our claim interpretation 
section above, that patients within the scope of claim 22 include animals 
such as rats, and also that Zhang teaches “[s]eizure disorders that may be 
treated with the substituted β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone injectable 
formulation include status epilepticus.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 70. As to the intravenous 
administration requirement in claim 21, from which claim 22 depends, we 
also agree with Petitioner that Zhang teaches embodiments where the 
“substituted β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone injectable formulation is 
administered as an intravenous infusion dose.” Id. ¶ 76. We therefore agree 
that Zhang teaches intravenous treatment using a ganaxolone formulation in 
patients with status epilepticus. See, e.g., id. ¶¶ 22, 70, 76. 
As discussed above, we agree with Patent Owner that claim 22 is 
properly interpreted to require improvement 8 hours after total 
administration of the ganaxolone dose. A preponderance of the evidence of 
record does not support Petitioner’s position that Zhang inherently, and 
therefore necessarily, provides improvement after administration for more 
than 8 hours. Even if claim 22 simply required improvement 8 hours after 
initiation of a ganaxolone dose, we would still conclude that a 
preponderance of evidence does not support Petitioner’s position. 
Zhang provides no evidence of improvement at an 8 hour timepoint 
because Zhang’s working example in rats terminates at 5 hours as the rats 

--- Page 30 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
30 
are then sacrificed for analysis. Ex. 1009, 24 ¶ 127. Zhang states that in the 
experiment on rats with induced status epilepticus, ganaxolone “reduced 
EEG power across all frequency ranges to levels at or below baseline for at 
up to 5 [hours].” Id. ¶ 135. This is the only direct evidence in Zhang and 
suggests that ganaxolone continued providing improvement up to the 5 hour 
point, but provides no evidence regarding improvement after 5 hours. 
As to whether Zhang’s treatment of SE with ganaxolone would 
inherently provide improvement at an 8 hour timepoint, Petitioner’s expert 
Dr. Rogawski stated “[t]o the extent that improvement to the patient were to 
occur after that time period, however, it would be the natural result of 
administering the ganaxolone formulations in the manner taught in Zhang.” 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 93. However, in deposition, when asked “are you acknowledging 
that it’s possible that the improvement may not be occurring after that time 
period?” Dr. Rogawski stated “I think it’s possible that there could be 
improvement, there might not be improvement. When one is treating a 
medical condition, there’s always a degree of variability and one doesn’t 
expect a certain outcome.” Ex. 2015, 155:9–16. Thus, Dr. Rogawski 
acknowledged that improvement at the 8 hour timepoint is not necessarily 
the natural result of ganaxolone treatment and may not necessarily occur. 
We recognize the ’817 patent’s Specification shows that 10 and 20 
mg/kg ganaxolone doses that bracket the 12 and 15 mg/kg ganaxolone doses 
tested by Zhang, result in improved 24-hour survival relative to lower doses. 
See Ex. 1001, Fig. 4; Ex. 1009 ¶ 117. And while this evidence in the ’817 
patent itself does tend to show that doses bracketing those recited in Zhang 
provide continued improvement to the rat patients for periods exceeding 8 
hours, inherency “may not be established by probabilities or possibilities.” 

--- Page 31 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
31 
Par Pharm., Inc. v. TWI Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d 1186, 1195 (Fed. Cir. 2014). 
Zhang alone does not demonstrate that doses of ganaxolone administered 
intravenously necessarily provide at least 8 hours of improvement to a 
patient or at a dose encompassed by claim 22. 
As to the issue of whether Zhang’s teaching to treat with multiple 
doses also teaches “improvement to the patient after administration for more 
than 8 hours” as required by claim 22, on this record, we agree with 
Petitioner that claim 22 does not distinguish between a single administration 
event or multiple administrations, and therefore is reasonably interpreted as 
broadly open to both single administration and multiple administrations. 
This understanding is consistent with the ’817 patent, which teaches that 
“[g]anaxolone or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof can be 
administered, e.g., once daily, twice daily, three times daily, or four times 
daily.” Ex. 1001, 8:35–37. 
We acknowledge that Zhang teaches “[d]osing schedules in which the 
substituted β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone injectable formulation is injected 
every 1 hr, 2 hrs, 4 hrs, 6 hrs, 8 hrs, 12 hrs, or 24 hours are included herein.” 
Ex. 1009 ¶ 74. However, Zhang does not provide examples or direct 
evidence showing that administration of any particular dose of ganaxolone 
every two hours necessarily results in 8 hour improvement in any particular 
species of patient. 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner does not show, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claim 22 of the ’817 patent is 
unpatentable as anticipated by Zhang. 

--- Page 32 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
32 
b. Claims 25–31 
We find that Petitioner has failed to provide a preponderance of the 
evidence to show anticipation by Zhang of the ganaxolone dose ranges 
recited in claims 25–31. 
The parties do not dispute that Zhang teaches a range of doses of 
about 1 mg/kg to about 20 mg/kg of ganaxolone that overlap with the 
recitation of ganaxolone ranges recited in claims 25–31. See Ex. 1009 ¶ 84; 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 103. The issue in the anticipation analysis is 
whether the prior art discloses a point within the claimed range 
or discloses its own range that overlaps with the claimed range. 
If the prior art discloses a point within the claimed range, the 
prior art anticipates the claim. See Ineos USA LLC v. Berry 
Plastics Corp., 783 F.3d 865, 869 (Fed. Cir. 2015) . . . . On the 
other hand, if the prior art discloses an overlapping range, the 
prior art anticipates the claimed range “only [ ] if it describes 
the claimed range with sufficient specificity such that a 
reasonable fact finder could conclude that there is no reasonable 
difference in how the invention operates over the ranges.” Id. 
UCB, Inc. v. Actavis Labs. UT, Inc., 65 F.4th 679, 687 (Fed. Cir. 2023) 
(second alteration in original). 
Dr. Rogawski’s declaration addresses the anticipation issue in stating 
that “Zhang’s bolus doses of 1 mg/kg to 20 mg/kg, for a 70 kg patient, 
encompass each of the amounts recited in claims 24–31. Therefore, in my 
opinion, Zhang anticipates claims 24–31.” Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 104–105. Dr. 
Rogawaski was then asked in deposition about whether any specific points 
within the range were disclosed. Specifically, when asked about a 
calculation for mouse body weights that “the range that you get is below the 
500-milligram dose that’s the lowest dose recited in Claims 25 through 31 of 
the ’817 Patent?,” Dr. Rogawski stated that “based on your calculation, your 

--- Page 33 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
33 
– I can – I can support your mathematical calculations.” Ex. 2015, 161:16–
23. That is, Dr. Rogawski acknowledged that the range for mouse body 
weights would not have included specific dose points within the ranges of 
claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent. And then when further asked “Are you 
aware of any publications in which 500 milligrams per day or more of 
ganaxolone was administered to a rat to treat SE?” Dr. Rogawski stated “Off 
the top of my head, I’m not, no.” Id. at 161:25–162:4. Thus, while Dr. 
Rogawski identifies an overlapping range, Dr. Rogawski acknowledged 
Zhang did not disclose a point within the ranges recited in claims 25–31 of 
the ’817 patent. 
Turning from whether there was a disclosure of points within the 
claimed range to whether the ranges of the prior art and the claims overlap, 
Dr. Sankar stated “Zhang’s Example 8 provides data in the rat-lithium 
pilocarpine model and only at ganaxolone doses of 12 mg/kg and 15 mg/kg.” 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 87. Dr. Sankar stated “doses of ganaxolone administered to rats 
cannot be directly compared with doses administered to humans because rats 
metabolize compounds at a much faster rate than humans by the hepatic 
microsomal system. As a result, higher doses (in mg/kg) of a compound are 
typically administered to rats than humans.” Id. 
Patent Owner cites an assessment of ganaxolone safety that states 
“Higher doses (40 mg/kg in mice and 20 mg/kg in rats) also caused a loss of 
righting reflex, which was considered adverse. Cognitive function was 
significantly impaired at a dose of 30 mg/kg. These GNX effects were 
presented as deficits in motor function or in the latency to learn a response 
and were attributed to the sedative effect of GNX.” See PO Resp. 22 (citing 
Ex. 2017, 25). While the cited assessment is post-filing date, it does 

--- Page 34 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
34 
evidence that there is a reasonable difference in how the invention operates 
over the range in rats, where lower values may be effective and higher 
values may be toxic. 
Patent Owner has therefore provided some evidence showing that 
picking and choosing particular doses from the ranges recited in Zhang 
would be required to provide a method of treatment. Because the doses 
recited in claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent would result in differences in how 
the doses of ganaxolone would function to treat status epilepticus patients, 
these different doses would consequently result in differences in the 
improvement or toxicity to the patient not disclosed in Zhang. Therefore the 
range recited in Zhang does not anticipate the significantly narrower ranges 
recited in claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent. Cf. In re Arkley, 455 F.2d 586, 
587–588 (CCPA 1972) (An anticipatory reference “must clearly and 
unequivocally disclose the claimed compound or direct those skilled in the 
art to the compound without any need for picking, choosing, and combining 
various disclosures not directly related to each other.”). 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner does not show, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent are 
unpatentable as anticipated by Zhang. 
D. Ground 2 – Obviousness over Zhang 
1. Petitioner positions 
a. Petitioner’s position on claim 22 
Petitioner asserts 
If Zhang’s teachings, as described in Section VIII.A, do 
not teach the limitations of claim 1–3, 10–17, and 19–31, they 
suggest them. And, based on Zhang’s teachings, including, for 
example, the results described in Example 8, a POSA would 

--- Page 35 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
35 
have had a reasonable expectation of success at arriving at the 
claimed methods of treating SE with ganaxolone—whether in a 
rat patient or a human patient. 
Pet. 49 (footnote omitted). 
b. Petitioner’s position on claims 25–31 
Petitioner asserts 
Zhang describes treating SE by “administering an effective 
amount of [injectable ganaxolone] to a patient.” Zhang teaches 
that in some embodiments the method of treatment is 
administration of a single bolus doses of from about 1-20 
mg/kg, (which is 70-1,400 mg for a 70 kg human), as well as 
multiple bolus doses over 1 to 10 days at intervals of 1 to 24 
hours in the same amount as the single bolus. Zhang’s doses 
and, therefore, the doses of claims 25-31, are consistent with 
what a POSA already knew about the clinical pharmacology of 
ganaxolone. 
Reply 14–15 (citing Ex. 1041 ¶ 54; Ex. 1009 ¶¶ 22, 69–89; Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 102–104) (footnote omitted, alteration in original). 
c. Petitioner’s position on objective indicia 
Petitioner asserts: 
Because it did nothing to develop ganaxalone, Ovid 
[Patent Owner] tries to offer Marinus’s [Petitioner’s] clinical 
trial work as evidence of “unexpected results” of the 
Challenged Claims, all of which were added to Ovid’s 
application after Marinus began to publish its clinical trial 
work. But Ovid conveniently ignores and/or misrepresents the 
details of Marinus’s work, which are absent from Ovid’s 
claims. 
Reply 18 (citing Ex. 1041 ¶¶ 11–17; Ex. 1046; Ex. 1047) (footnote omitted). 
Petitioner asserts that the Patent Owner’s theory of unexpected results were 
achieved with Petitioner’s specific dosing regimens and “are nowhere near 

--- Page 36 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
36 
commensurate in scope with the Challenged Claims and, therefore, cannot 
be used as evidence of nonobviousness.” Id. at 19. 
 
Petitioner asserts that in the clinical trial, the 
three dosing cohorts were referred to as the “Low” “Medium,” 
and “High” cohorts, all of which included a bolus for the “rapid 
loading of ganaxolone (plasma concentration ~ 900 ng/ml) 
designed to abort SE” followed by continuous infusion to 
administer “maintenance doses aimed at sustaining seizure 
control.” After 2 days, if the patient was deriving continuing 
benefit, investigators were allowed to extend infusions for an 
additional 2 days (4 days total) before beginning the 18-hour 
taper. 
Reply 21–22 (citing Ex. 1041 ¶ 65; Ex. 2003, 2383) (footnote omitted). 
Petitioner relied on this trial to show unexpected results for its own patent 
applications, and asserts that when the Hulihan9 “declarations were 
submitted, the claims of both Marinus applications required that 
‘ganaxolone is administered as a bolus plus continuous infusion’ to maintain 
plasma concentrations of 500-1000 ng/mL for 8-12 hours. Ovid’s claims 
contain no such limitations.” Id. at 24 (citing Ex. 2007, 29–32; Ex. 2008, 
25–28). 
 
Petitioner asserts that “Claim 22 covers administration of ganaxolone 
in any amount, in any intravenous format, and in any patient. . . . Claim 22 
does not require an initial bolus dose followed by a continuous infusion . . . 
Claim 22, with no limitation on dosing, is not commensurate in scope with 
Marinus’s results.” Reply 25–26. Petitioner also asserts “claims 25-31 do not 
require any particular dosing regimen, and certainly not the specific 
 
9 Declarations of Dr. Joseph Hulihan, MD, dated July 7, 2021. At least at the 
time of the Declarations, Dr. Hulihan was the Chief Medical Officer for 
Marinus Pharmaceuticals. See, e.g., Ex. 2007, 13. 

--- Page 37 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
37 
regimens that Marinus used to achieve the results in its clinical trial.” Id. at 
28. Petitioner notes “Dr. Sankar acknowledged that the 500 ng/mL plasma 
concentration that led to the results is ‘a function of the bolus and then the 
continuous infusion afterwards.’” Id. (citing Ex. 1042, 65:9–66:10). 
 
Petitioner asserts as to long felt need that “it is Marinus [Petitioner], 
not Ovid [Patent Owner], who has worked for years to provide that treatment 
option, as evidenced by the cited art.” Reply 30. Petitioner assets “[o]n 
failure of others, as the Board already stated, ‘rather than show failure by 
others, the evidence of record suggests success by others.’ And any 
supposed failure by non-ganaxolone drugs is irrelevant.” Id. (citing 
Institution Dec. 35) (footnote omitted). 
2. Patent Owner’s positions 
a. Patent Owner’s position on claim 22 
Patent Owner asserts “nowhere does Zhang describe ‘improvement to 
the patient after administration for more than 8 hours.’ See also Ex. 2014, 
¶ 91. Neither the Petition nor Dr. Rogawski’s declaration makes any attempt 
to demonstrate why a skilled artisan would have been motivated by Zhang to 
arrive at this limitation.” PO Resp. 52. Patent Owner asserts “Petitioner’s 
attempt to supply a motivation to fill in a limitation missing from Zhang 
through the ‘common knowledge’ of a POSA without any reasoned basis or 
evidentiary support is improper.” Id. at 53. 
Patent Owner asserts “Petitioner points to no evidence as to why a 
POSA would have had a reasonable expectation of success that intravenous 
administration of ganaxolone would result in ‘improvement to the patient 
after administration for more than 8 hours’ when Zhang itself shows an 
absence of any effect by 5 hours.” PO Resp. 55. Patent Owner also asserts “a 

--- Page 38 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
38 
POSA would not have had a reasonable expectation of success that 
ganaxolone treatment ‘repeated at intervals of 2 hours’ would result in 
‘improvement to the patient after administration for more than 8 hours.’ 
Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 95, 98.” Id. 
b. Patent Owner’s position on claims 25–31 
Patent Owner asserts that a “POSA would not have been motivated to 
choose the specific dose ranges for treating SE recited in claims 25-31 from 
the broad dose range relied upon by Petitioner in paragraph 85 of Zhang.” 
PO Resp. 57. Patent Owner asserts “Zhang provides no suggestion or 
motivation to choose the dose ranges recited in claims 25-31 from among 
the broad range of doses and treatment options described in Zhang. 
Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 101-102.” Id. at 58. 
Patent Owner asserts “Petitioner fails to show that a POSA would 
have had a reasonable expectation of success in treating SE with the dose 
ranges recited in claims 25-31 based on the disclosure of Zhang. Pet. 48-49; 
Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 103-106.” PO Resp. 58. Patent Owner asserts 
A POSA would have understood that the effectiveness of a 
particular dose in the rat pilocarpine model does not directly 
translate to human treatment due to at least the differences in 
the onset of SE in rats (chemically induced) and humans 
(occurring by various clinical circumstances) and a rat’s faster 
metabolism by the hepatic microsomal system. Ex. 2014, ¶ 71. 
Id. at 59. Patent Owner asserts that Dr. Rogawski acknowledges “the rat 
pilocarpine model at most can predict that a compound potentially could be 
useful in the treatment of SE in humans. See, e.g., Ex. 1003, ¶¶ 25” and that 
the “prediction often does not translate into demonstrated efficacy in 
humans, particularly in the neuroactive steroid class of compounds that 
ganaxolone belongs to. See, e.g., Ex. 2015, 23:6-25:7.” Id. 

--- Page 39 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
39 
c. Patent Owner’s position on objective indicia 
Patent Owner asserts “[t]he methods of treating SE by administering 
ganaxolone recited in claims 22 and 25-31 were found to be unexpected and 
critical to the claimed invention. Ex. 2014, ¶ 107.” PO Resp. 40. As 
evidence that these methods would have been unexpected, Patent Owner 
cites Declarations of Dr. Joseph Hulihan in US applications submitted by 
Petitioner that stated 
Marinus Pharmaceuticals Inc. is investigating the use of 
ganaxolone for treating SE. Given the complexities of SE and 
difficulties in treating SE, we initially believed that a high 
ganaxolone exposure for a long treatment period of at least 4 
days duration, would be required to break SE, i.e., stop seizures 
and prevent seizures from rapidly returning when ganaxolone 
was discontinued. 
PO Resp. 42 (citing Ex. 2007, 30 ¶ 7 (emphasis added by Patent Owner); 
Ex. 2008 26 ¶ 7). 
 
Patent Owner also points to a phase 2 clinical trial of Petitioner where 
“[f]or each dose cohort, ‘ganaxolone infusion was initiated as an IV bolus 
(over 3 min) with continuous infusion of decreasing infusion rates for 48-96 
h followed by an 18-h taper.’ [Ex. 2003], 2381.” PO Resp. 43. Patent Owner 
asserts that the study observed that 
“rapid” seizure cessation and reduction in seizure burden and 
lack of recurrence of SE after discontinuation of the ganaxolone 
infusion resulting from IV administration of 500 mg/day, 650 
mg/day, and 713 mg/day were unexpected over Petitioner’s and 
its scientist’s (a person of ordinary skill) expectation that “high 
ganaxolone exposure for a long treatment period of at least 4 
days duration, would be required to break SE.” 
Id. at 44 (citing Ex. 2007, 30 ¶ 7; Ex. 2008, 26 ¶ 7). Patent Owner asserts “it 
was unexpected that 82% of patients ‘did not require treatment for SE with 

--- Page 40 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
40 
additional second-line IV ASMs or IV anesthetics through 24 h following 
completion of the ganaxolone infusion (Table 2)’ and that . . . ‘85% of 
evaluable patients did not have SE relapse,’ [Ex. 2003], 2386.” Id. at 45. 
 
Patent Owner asserts that it is “not required to show that every 
unrecited possibility provides the same unexpected results. [Patent Owner] 
must instead show only that the treatment or daily dose amounts recited in 
the claims provide unexpected results.” Sur-Reply 13. Patent Owner asserts 
Petitioner “fails to show that something other than the treatment and daily 
dose amounts cause the unexpected results.” Id. at 14. Patent Owner asserts 
Petitioner provided that only a dose of 713 mg/day allows for a 
plasma concentration ≥500 ng/mL for greater than 8 hours and 
sustained seizure reduction throughout the entire time period 
tested. As a dose of 713 mg/day falls squarely within the 
claimed range of 700 mg to 725 mg/day, these statements 
further confirm that the effects of the 713 mg/day dose on 
seizure burden reduction and cessation were unexpected over 
Petitioner’s and its skilled artisan scientist’s expectations and 
were markedly superior over the other doses encompassed by 
Zhang’s extremely broad disclosure. 
PO Resp. 48 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 113–116). 
Patent Owner also asserts that the objective indicia of long-felt need 
and failure of others. Patent Owner asserts the “prior art is replete with 
statements recognizing the long-felt need for a drug that could treat SE. . . . 
Ganaxolone administered according to the methods in claims 22 and 25-31 
filled this unmet need.” PO Resp. 50. Patent Owner asserts their 
claimed methods stand against a stark backdrop of repeated 
failures for treating SE. Intravenous benzodiazepines, such as 
lorazepam and diazepam, are among the “first-line therapies” 
for treating SE, but as Petitioner admits, “[a] significant 
drawback to these therapies is that their efficacy decreases 

--- Page 41 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
41 
dramatically as the duration of SE increases, and there can be a 
complete loss of efficacy after a certain amount of time.” 
Id. at 51 (citing Ex. 1004, 18287) (citation omitted, alteration in original). 
3. Analysis 
We recognize Patent Owner asserts objective indicia in favor of 
patentability and Petitioner asserts the objective indicia do not support 
patentability. See PO Resp. 39–51; Reply 18–30. 
a. Claim 22 
We find that Petitioner has failed to provide a preponderance of the 
evidence to satisfy the burden to show that claim 22 of the ’817 patent is 
unpatentable as obvious over Zhang alone. 
Patent Owner correctly points out that Zhang lacks any express 
disclosure suggesting that treatment with ganaxolone will result in 
“improvement to the patient after administration for more than 8 hours.” 
Also, as we discussed above with regard to anticipation, a preponderance of 
the evidence does not show that Zhang alone would inherently and 
necessarily result in 8 hour improvement in any particular species of patient 
after administration of ganaxolone. That conclusion is supported by 
Petitioner’s own expert, Dr. Rogawski, who stated with regard to the 
claimed 8 hour improvement that “I think it’s possible that there could be 
improvement, there might not be improvement. When one is treating a 
medical condition, there’s always a degree of variability and one doesn’t 
expect a certain outcome.” Ex. 2015, 155:9–16. Dr. Rogawski therefore 
acknowledges that improvement at the 8 hour timepoint is not necessarily 
the natural result of ganaxolone treatment and may not necessarily occur. 
Dr. Sankar, Patent Owner’s expert, notes 

--- Page 42 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
42 
Zhang’s Example 8 discloses that the effect of ganaxolone on 
reducing EEG power is largely diminished by 5 hours and that 
ganaxolone showed a significant reduction at 3-5 hours in only 
one low frequency group (0-5 Hz). Ex. 1009, ¶¶ [0135]-[0136]. 
Zhang provides no data regarding seizure reduction beyond 5 
hours. 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 94. Dr. Sankar concludes that “Zhang teaches nothing that would 
establish that ganaxolone provides seizure reduction for 8 hours after 
administration.” Id. ¶ 97. 
We appreciate that for obviousness, unlike anticipation, Zhang may 
render the claims obvious in the absence of inherency, so long as there 
would have been a reasonable expectation of success in obtaining 
improvement for a period of 8 hours after ganaxolone treatment. Dr. 
Rogawski states “even transient improvement (e.g., during the first five 
hours, as demonstrated in Zhang’s Example 8) provides an improvement in 
the overall risks of adverse consequences of SE (such as brain damage, 
permanent disability, and death) at eight hours and beyond.” Ex. 1041 ¶ 48. 
However, Dr. Sankar responds that “Zhang does not state or provide 
any indication that multiple administration can prolong an effect from a 
single administration, let alone a prolonged effect on SE.” Ex. 2014 ¶ 95 
(citing Ex. 1009 ¶ 74). That is, Dr. Sankar is disagreeing with Dr. 
Rogawaski because Zhang lacks evidence of a prolonged effect, so the 5 
hour improvement in Zhang need not necessarily extend to eight hours. 
In this Ground, the sole reference relied upon by Petitioner for 
obviousness is Zhang, and we will therefore not import teachings from 
references relied upon in the other Grounds. We are persuaded by Dr. 
Sankar’s statements that there would not have been a reasonable expectation 
of success from Zhang in improvement after 8 hours as Zhang shows 

--- Page 43 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
43 
diminishing results from ganaxolone after 5 hours and no evidence of 
efficacy beyond 5 hours. Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 94–97. Dr. Rogawski provides no 
specific evidence in Zhang supporting the position that the reduction of 
adverse consequences would reasonably be expected to occur. 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner does not show, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claim 22 of the ’817 patent is 
unpatentable as obvious over Zhang. 
b. Claims 25–31 
As we have already discussed, Zhang teaches “[s]eizure disorders that 
may be treated with the substituted β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone injectable 
formulation include status epilepticus.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 70. Zhang teaches that a 
“substituted β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone injectable formulation is 
administered as an intravenous infusion dose.” Id. ¶ 76. Zhang teaches a 
range of doses of about 1 mg/kg to about 20 mg/kg of ganaxolone. See id. 
¶ 84; Ex. 1003 ¶ 103. Zhang expressly suggests treatment of human patients. 
Ex. 1009 ¶ 22. 
We therefore agree with Petitioner that Zhang suggests intravenous 
treatment using a ganaxolone formulation in human patients with status 
epilepticus that overlap with the recitation of ganaxolone ranges recited in 
claims 25–31. See, e.g., Ex. 1009 ¶¶ 22, 70, 76; Ex. 1003 ¶ 103. 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s assertion that Zhang lacks 
motivation for the specific dose ranges for treating SE recited in claims 25–
31 because Zhang teaches a broader, overlapping range. See PO Resp. 57–
58. “A prima facie case of obviousness typically exists when the ranges of a 
claimed composition overlap the ranges disclosed in the prior art.” In re 
Peterson, 315 F.3d 1325, 1329 (Fed. Cir. 2003). “The point of our 

--- Page 44 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
44 
overlapping range cases is that, in the absence of evidence indicating that 
there is something special or critical about the claimed range, an overlap 
suffices to show that the claimed range was disclosed in—and therefore 
obvious in light of—the prior art.” E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co. v. 
Synvina C.V., 904 F.3d 996, 1008 (Fed. Cir. 2018). 
That Zhang’s overlapping range of effective amounts would suggest 
the particular values recited in claims 25–31 is supported by Dr. Rogawski, 
who states “assuming a single bolus dose per day as taught by Zhang, one 
could calculate the total dose in mg per day for an average human patient, 
weighing 70 kg,” as shown in the table below. 
 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 103. Dr. Rogawski states that “Zhang’s bolus doses of 1 mg/kg 
to 20 mg/kg, for a 70 kg patient, encompass each of the amounts recited in 
claims 24–31.” Id. ¶ 104. 
We also find unpersuasive Patent Owner’s argument that there would 
not have been a reasonable expectation of success in using the dosages 
recited in Zhang. See PO Resp. 58–59. As discussed above, we interpret the 

--- Page 45 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
45 
word “patient” to encompass a variety of patients including veterinary 
patients. 
Zhang teaches that the “effective amount of ganaxolone will be 
selected by those skilled in the art depending on the particular patient and 
the disease.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 24. Zhang teaches that “‘an effective amount’ . . . 
can vary from subject to subject, due to variation in metabolism of 
ganaxolone, age, weight, general condition of the subject, the condition 
being treated, the severity of the condition being treated, and the judgment 
of the prescribing physician.” Id. Given this disclosure, Zhang recognizes 
that ganaxolone “may be effective at a different concentration in different 
formulations, but that is just a property of the particular known material, 
subject to conventional experimentation.” Almirall, LLC v. Amneal Pharm. 
LLC, 28 F.4th 265, 273 (Fed. Cir. 2022). 
 
Zhang demonstrates that ganaxolone was effective in treating mice 
with SE, teaching “[g]anaxolone at 12 and 15 mg/kg produced qualitatively 
similar results, with both dose levels producing a very strong reduction in SE 
amplitude overall.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 134. Dr. Rogawski states that the 
experimental approach used is, in my opinion, generally 
considered to be predictive of clinical efficacy. I previously 
explained that the rat pilocarpine model is a well accepted 
model in the field . . . in my opinion, there is a reasonable 
expectation that a treatment which demonstrates improvement 
in animals experiencing SE as in the examples of Zhang . . . 
will also demonstrate some improvement in SE when 
administered to humans suffering from the same. 
Ex. 1041 ¶ 56. Dr. Rogawski further states “dogs are susceptible to status 
epilepticus and when this occurs, they are in need of treatment. Many types 
of dogs have body weights that would be similar to the weight range of 
humans.” Id. ¶ 30. Dr. Rogwaski states “[t]hat the specific doses set forth in 

--- Page 46 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
46 
claims 25–31 may be higher than the dose that would likely be given to a rat 
does not suggest to a person of skill in the art that the term ‘patient’ in the 
claims is limited to humans. Those doses could apply to any number of 
species.” Id. In deposition, Dr. Rogawski stated “at the School of Veterinary 
Medicine at the University of Minnesota, we do treat animals with status 
epilepticus, and [the veterinarians] routinely describe their experiences.” 
Ex. 2024, 27:10–13. 
 
We recognize that Dr. Sankar states that Zhang’s “result would not 
have provided a reasonable expectation of success for the specific doses of 
claims 25-31 in a human patient.” Ex. 2014 ¶ 105. Dr. Sankar states “[t]he 
lack of efficacy data in humans is significant because of the difficulties in 
treating SE.” Id. However, Dr. Rogawski states the “experimental approach 
used is, in my opinion, generally considered to be predictive of clinical 
efficacy.” Ex. 1041 ¶ 56. Dr. Rogawski states “in my opinion, there is a 
reasonable expectation that a treatment which demonstrates improvement in 
animals experiencing SE as in the examples of Zhang . . . will also 
demonstrate some improvement in SE when administered to humans 
suffering from the same.” Id. 
 
Before determining whether claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent would 
have been obvious over Zhang, we must consider the evidence above 
together with the objective indicia evidence, which we will analyze below. 
c. Objective Indicia analysis 
Objective indicia “must always when present be considered” in the 
overall obviousness analysis. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Teva Pharms. 
USA, Inc., 752 F.3d 967, 977 (Fed. Cir. 2014) But “they do not necessarily 
control the obviousness determination.” Id. at 977. Indeed, “a strong 

--- Page 47 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
47 
showing of obviousness may stand ‘even in the face of considerable 
evidence’” of objective indicia. ZUP, LLC v. Nash Mfg., Inc., 896 F.3d 
1365, 1374 (Fed. Cir. 2018). 
“For objective evidence of secondary considerations to be accorded 
substantial weight, its proponent must establish a nexus between the 
evidence and the merits of the claimed invention.” Wyers v. Master Lock 
Co., 616 F.3d 1231, 1246 (Fed. Cir. 2010) (brackets omitted). “Where the 
offered secondary consideration actually results from something other than 
what is both claimed and novel in the claim, there is no nexus to the merits 
of the claimed invention.” In re Huai-Hung Kao, 639 F.3d 1057, 1068 (Fed. 
Cir. 2011). 
(1) Unexpected results 
Patent Owner asserts that the results reported in the Marinus Phase II 
Clinical Trial are unexpected and Petitioner does not dispute that the precise 
dosing regimen used in the clinical trial obtained unexpected results. PO 
Resp. 41–49; Sur-Reply 11; Reply 18, 22–24; see, e.g., Ex. 2007, 31 ¶¶ 8–
10. 
Claim 22 of the ’817 patent reasonably encompasses administration of 
any dose of ganaxolone using any regimen of intravenous administration to 
any patient. See, e.g., Ex. 1042, 46:4–8. Claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent 
reasonably encompass treatment of any patient using any regimen of 
intravenous administration as limited to the particular doses recited in the 
claims. For example, the broadest dose recited of 500 mg to 1000 mg/day 
ganaxolone is in claim 25 while claim 30 recites a narrower dose range of 
700 mg to 725 mg/day ganaxolone. 

--- Page 48 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
48 
We agree with Petitioner that claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent 
lack a nexus with the asserted unexpected results. This is evident from the 
Epilepsia10 paper, the Rogawski Declaration, the Sankar Deposition and the 
Hulihan Declaration cited by Patent Owner. See PO Resp. 42. 
The Epilepsia paper discussed the method of administration of 
ganaxolone, stating that “ganaxolone was studied in the following three dose 
cohorts: 500mg/day (low), 650mg/day (medium), and 713mg/day (high, the 
most ganaxolone that could be administered while staying within the daily 
Captisol® limit).” Ex. 2003, 2383. The Epilepsia paper states “[i]n all dose 
cohorts, ganaxolone infusion was initiated as an IV bolus (over 3 min) with 
continuous infusion of decreasing infusion rates for 48–96h followed by an 
18-h taper.” Id. The Epilepsia paper explained that “[t]hese infusion 
parameters allowed for rapid loading of ganaxolone (plasma concentration 
~900ng/ml) designed to abort SE, followed by maintenance doses aimed at 
sustaining seizure control.” Id. 
The Epilepsia paper also reported results from the administration of 
ganaxolone in the SE patients, stating “[a]ll three dose cohorts received a 
similar initial ganaxolone bolus (25–30mg), resulting in rapid reductions in 
seizure burden within the first 15min of infusion.” Ex. 2003, 2386. The 
Epilepsia paper noted that 
Sustained clinical response was associated with maintaining 
ganaxolone plasma concentrations ≥500ng/ml. Ganaxolone 
plasma levels ≥500ng/ml were achieved only briefly during the 
initial bolus for patients in the medium-dose cohort, whereas 
those in low- and high-dose cohorts maintained such levels for 
 
10 Vaitkevicius et al., Intravenous ganaxolone for the treatment of refractory 
status epilepticus: Results from an open-label, dose-finding, phase 2 trial, 
63 Epilepsia 2381–91 (2022); Ex. 2003. 

--- Page 49 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
49 
4 and 8 h, respectively. The greatest decrease in seizure burden 
was seen when ganaxolone concentrations were maintained at 
≥500ng/m for at least 8 h. 
Id. The Epilepsia paper concluded that “[t]hese data support that the 
ganaxolone regimen administered in the high-dose cohort (713mg/day) may 
reduce or prevent escalation of care to third-line IV anesthetics.” Id. at 2388. 
 
Dr. Rogawski states regarding the Epilepsia paper that the “specific 
dosing regimens resulted in certain clinical results described in the 
publication. However, ganaxolone could be administered according to many 
other regimens that would result in the same or different total daily doses.” 
Ex. 1041 ¶ 66. Dr. Rogawski notes that Patent Owner “provides no 
information as to whether the results described in the Epilepsia paper would 
be obtained if the bolus is eliminated.” Id. Dr. Rogawski concludes that 
To the extent that any of these results would have been 
unexpected at all, they are tied to Marinus’s [Petitioner’s] 
specific dosing regimens, which Ovid [Patent Owner] does not 
claim. Ovid’s claims are much broader and encompass 
countless possible dosing regimens. In short, Ovid’s claims are 
not commensurate in scope with Marinus’s clinical trial results. 
Id. ¶ 70. 
The Hulihan Declaration also explains the results from the trial 
reported in the Epilepsia paper and states 
we unexpectedly discovered that SE could be rapidly and 
persistently suppressed using less ganaxolone and for a much 
shorter period of time than was anticipated. We determined that 
administering ganaxolone as an intravenous bolus and 
continuous intravenous infusion to achieve and maintain a 
ganaxolone plasma concentration of about 500 ng/ml to about 
1000 ng/ml for about 8 to about 12 hours resulted in rapid and 
persistent suppression of SE, without recurrence of SE when 
the rate of ganaxolone infusion was reduced and treatment was 
terminated. 

--- Page 50 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
50 
Ex. 2007, 31 ¶ 8. That is, Dr. Hulihan found the particular administration 
regimen using a bolus and intravenous infusion resulting in a particular 
plasma concentration necessary to obtain the unexpected suppression of SE 
using ganaxolone. See id. 
 
Dr. Hulihan explains that “targeting a transient ganaxolone plasma 
concentration of about 500 ng/ml to about 1000 ng/ml was not enough to 
result in persistent suppression of SE. We found that it is important to 
maintain that ganaxolone plasma concentration for about 8 to about 12 hours 
to achieve persistent suppression” Ex. 2007, 31 ¶ 9 (emphasis added). That 
is, Dr. Hulihan found it insufficient to simply administer ganaxolone to a 
particular plasma concentration but rather found that the particular dosing 
regimen mattered. 
 
None of claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent recite either a bolus 
or require particular plasma concentrations of ganaxolone described by Dr. 
Hulihan as necessary to obtain the unexpected suppression of SE. See Ex. 
1041 ¶ 67. And while claims 22 and 25–31 do require administration of 
ganaxolone intravenously, the claims do not limit the administration to a rate 
that would maintain a ganaxolone plasma concentration within the 500 
ng/ml to 1000 ng/ml for 8 to 12 hours, as described to be necessary to 
achieve the unexpected SE suppression in the Hulihan Declaration. See Ex. 
2007, 31 ¶ 8; Ex. 1041 ¶ 67. 
 
The understanding that claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent lacks 
any particular dosage regimen is supported by Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. 
Sankar, who in response to the question “[b]ut in that context then there’s no 
dosage regimen described in claim 22 or incorporated into claim 22; 
correct?” answered “yeah.” Ex. 1042, 46:4–8. Dr. Sankar also agreed that 

--- Page 51 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
51 
each of claims 25–31 provide ranges but not any more detail. Id. at 46:10– 
49:2. 
Dr. Sankar also recognized the impact of a bolus dose, noting 
Q. What do you understand when it talks about the “rapid 
loading of ganaxolone”? 
A. It’s to achieving a therapeutic level promptly. 
Q. And why is that important? 
A. Because status is an emergency. You want to gain control of 
it. 
Q. And is that why it’s important to use the three-minute bolus? 
A. Yes. You want to achieve the blood level quickly and then 
you try to maintain the drip rate. 
 
Ex. 1042, 53:24–54:9. When asked if a spike in blood levels to 900 
nanograms per ml was due to bolus administration of ganaxolone, Dr. 
Sankar stated regarding getting the spike that “You won’t without a bolus.” 
Id. at 55:1–10. When asked “what do you understand is occurring then at 
times zero or shortly thereafter?” Dr. Sankar stated “[s]hortly thereafter the 
seizure burden comes down dramatically as quantified by EEG.” Id. at 56:9–
12. In response to the follow-up asking “is that because the bolus had been 
delivered?”, Dr. Sankar stated “[c]orrect.” Id. at 56:13–15. When asked 
specifically “if you limited the bolus would you think that the patients would 
achieve that end point?” Dr. Sankar stated “My suspicion is they would not 
have been controlled as rapidly.” Id. at 67:22–68:2. And Dr. Sankar 
answered “Yes” to the question “[s]o changing the dosage regimen could 
change the results.” Id. at 68:10–12. 

--- Page 52 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
52 
 
We need not rely upon the Baughman Declaration11 for our analysis 
because we find the evidence already discussed sufficient to show that there 
is no nexus between claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent and the results 
in the Epilepsia paper. See Ex. 1058, Ex. 2025. 
 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner that claims and the 
specification in the ’817 patent that are entirely silent regarding elements 
such as how the drug is administered (see, e.g., Sur-Reply 13–14) may be 
presumed to have a nexus with unexpected results, as here, tied to specific 
administration profiles with specific amounts that result in specific blood 
levels shown to be significant in the treatment of SE with ganaxolone by 
intravenous administration after bolus. See Ex. 2007, 31 ¶ 8; Ex. 1041 ¶ 67. 
See In re GPAC Inc., 57 F.3d 1573, 1580 (Fed. Cir. 1995) (“For objective 
[evidence of secondary considerations] to be accorded substantial weight, its 
proponent must establish a nexus between the evidence and the merits of the 
claimed invention.”) 
 
A presumption of nexus is only appropriate if the patentee shows that 
the asserted objective evidence is tied to a specific product and that product 
embodies the claimed features, and is coextensive with them. Fox Factory, 
Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019). The 
coextensiveness requirement is not met simply by showing that “the patent 
claims broadly cover the product that is the subject of the evidence of 
secondary considerations.” Id. at 1377. Here the evidence including Dr. 
 
11 Patent Owner moves to exclude the Baughman Declaration. Paper 34, 8–
13. That motion is dismissed as to the Baughman Declaration, which we do 
not rely on herein, as explained in our concurrently filed order. 

--- Page 53 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
53 
Sankar’s statements demonstrates that Patent Owner fails to show results 
that are coextensive with claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent. 
 
Thus, a preponderance of the evidence of record does not support a 
finding of nexus between the unexpected results in the Epilepsia paper and 
claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent. 
(2) Long felt need 
 
To establish a long-felt need, three elements must be proven: First, the 
need must have been a persistent one that was recognized by ordinarily 
skilled artisans. In re Gershon, 372 F.2d 535, 538 (CCPA 1967). Second, the 
long-felt need must not have been satisfied by another before the invention. 
See Newell Companies, Inc. v. Kenney Mfg. Co., 864 F.2d 757, 768 (Fed. 
Cir. 1988) (“[O]nce another supplied the key element, there was no long-felt 
need or, indeed, a problem to be solved . . . .”). Third, the invention must, in 
fact, satisfy the long-felt need. In re Cavanagh, 436 F.2d 491, 496 (CCPA 
1971). 
Patent Owner asserts the “prior art is replete with statements 
recognizing the long-felt need for a drug that could treat SE. Reddy 
acknowledged that one of the ‘key areas of unmet clinical needs in epilepsy’ 
included ‘new AEDs [antiepileptic drug] for drug-resistant seizures and SE.’ 
Ex. 1004, 18306.” PO Resp. 50. Patent Owner asserts “Ganaxolone 
administered according to the methods in claims 22 and 25–31 filled this 
unmet need. Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 119-121.” Id. Patent Owner asserts that “[a]s 
shown in Petitioner’s phase 2 clinical trial, the claimed improvement and 
dose ranges of ganaxolone resulted in rapid seizure cessation and reduction 
in seizure burden. Ex. 2003, 2386, 2388.” Id. Patent Owner asserts “[n]either 
Zhang nor Saporito provides any information about using ganaxolone to 

--- Page 54 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
54 
treat SE in humans and therefore could not supply ‘the key element’ to meet 
this long-felt need.” Sur-Reply 18. 
Petitioner agrees that “there is no question that SE is a ‘difficult to 
treat seizure disorder with limited treatment options.’” Reply 30 (citing 
Ex. 1011, 1). However, Petitioner asserts that they, not Patent Owner 
“worked for years to provide that treatment option, as evidenced by the cited 
art. ‘[O]nce another supplied the key element, there [is] no long-felt need.’” 
Id. (citing Newell, 865 F.2d at 768) (alterations in original). 
As discussed already, Zhang teaches “[s]eizure disorders that may be 
treated with the substituted β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone injectable 
formulation include status epilepticus.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 70. Zhang teaches that a 
“substituted β-cyclodextrin-ganaxolone injectable formulation is 
administered as an intravenous infusion dose.” Id. ¶ 76. Zhang teaches a 
range of doses of about 1 mg/kg to about 20 mg/kg of ganaxolone. See id. 
¶ 84; Ex. 1003 ¶ 103. Zhang expressly suggests treatment of human patients. 
Ex. 1009 ¶ 22. Additionally, the Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release states 
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted 
Orphan Drug Designation to the intravenous (IV) formulation 
of its CNS-selective GABAA modulator, ganaxolone, for the 
treatment of status epilepticus. A phase 1 clinical trial 
evaluating the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of 
ganaxolone IV is expected to initiate in the first half of 2016. 
Ex. 1011, 1. 
While both parties acknowledge there is evidence supporting a long 
felt need existed, we agree with Petitioner that the prior art of Zhang and 
Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release reasonably supply the key element 
satisfying the need before the invention. Patent Owner is incorrect in 
asserting Zhang fails to suggest human treatment of SE as Zhang is clearly 

--- Page 55 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
55 
focused on such human treatment. Zhang’s background is entirely focused 
on SE patients and the failure of then-conventional compounds, stating 
“[t]here are currently no good treatment options for these patients” where the 
patients discussed are clearly human patients. Ex. 1009 ¶ 1. Zhang expressly 
states that there was a “need for additional treatments for seizure disorders 
such as status epilepticus . . . This disclosure fulfills this need and provides 
additional advantages.” Id. ¶ 4. Zhang identifies humans as patients 
expressly. Id. ¶ 22. 
That Zhang’s examples were performed using an animal model of SE 
in order to obtain a patent does not detract from the clear teachings in Zhang 
to use ganaxolone to treat human patients with SE. Ex. 1009 ¶¶ 1, 4, 22, 70. 
And the Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release confirms treatment of humans 
with SE with ganaxolone prior to Patent Owner’s invention. Ex. 1011, 1. 
Dr. Rogawski further states “[b]y the time that the contents of the 
’817 patent specification first published, Marinus had already begun its 
clinical trials of an intravenous formulation of ganaxolone with the intention 
of developing it for the treatment of SE. This research was publicly 
disclosed in Tsai, (Ex. 1020).” Ex. 1041 ¶ 13. “It is well established that a 
patent may be secured, and typically is secured, before the conclusion of 
clinical trials.” In re Montgomery, 677 F.3d at 1382. Montgomery also 
approvingly cites to the Manual of Patent Examining Procedure § 2107.03 
(8th ed., rev.6, Sept. 2007) (“[I]f an applicant has initiated human clinical 
trials for a therapeutic product or process, [Patent & Trademark] Office 
personnel should presume that the applicant has established that the subject 
matter of that trial is reasonably predictive of having the asserted therapeutic 
utility.”). Id. at 1382–83. 

--- Page 56 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
56 
Thus, a preponderance of the evidence of record does not support a 
finding of an unmet long-felt need for the invention recited in claims 22 and 
25–31 of the ’817 patent. 
(3) Failure by others 
Patent Owner asserts compounds “such as lorazepam and diazepam, 
are among the ‘first-line therapies’ for treating SE, but as Petitioner admits, 
‘[a] significant drawback to these therapies is that their efficacy decreases 
dramatically as the duration of SE increases, and there can be a complete 
loss of efficacy after a certain amount of time.’” PO Resp. 51 (citing Pet. 11) 
(alteration in original). Patent Owner asserts that “allopregnanolone was 
seen as a promising candidate for treating SE in humans, however, it did not 
receive FDA approval because it failed to meet its primary efficacy 
endpoints in a Phase 3 clinical trial. Ex. 2015, 23:6-24:1.” Id. 
Petitioner asserts “‘rather than show failure by others, the evidence of 
record suggests success by others.’ And any supposed failure by non-
ganaxolone drugs is irrelevant.” Reply 30. 
We agree with Petitioner as there is no evidence that Zhang, the prior 
art reference at issue, failed. We agree with Petitioner that failure of other 
unrelated drugs has minimal, if any, relevance to the question of failure by 
others when Zhang demonstrates success. Zhang demonstrates efficacy in an 
animal model as discussed above. Zhang teaches that when tested in animals 
“[g]anaxolone at 12 and 15 mg/kg produced qualitatively similar results, 
with both dose levels producing a very strong reduction in SE amplitude 
overall.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 134. 
There also is not evidence that the clinical trial in Marinus Orphan 
Drug Press Release failed. In deposition, Dr. Sankar acknowledged 

--- Page 57 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
57 
regarding this document that “it seems logical that it was a promising 
approach to that, otherwise they wouldn’t have gone into phase 1.” Ex. 
1042, 87:2–4. Dr. Rogawski noted that 
Dr. Sankar believed the work described in the ’817 patent 
“probably inspired Marinus to take it and start doing some 
clinical experimentation,” and was not aware of any earlier 
publications describing it (Sankar Deposition Transcript, Ex. 
1042, page 24, lines 12–18 and page 25, lines 21–22). This 
cannot be the case, however, as, again, this work was first 
published after Marinus had begun its clinical trials. 
Ex. 1041 ¶ 14. 
 
Thus, rather than show failure by others, a preponderance of the 
evidence of record supports a conclusion of success by others prior to the 
invention of claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent. 
d. Conclusion 
 
We balance the objective indicia with Petitioner’s obviousness 
position to determine whether a preponderance of the evidence shows 
whether claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent would have been obvious over 
Zhang. 
 
We find that the direct suggestion of Zhang to treat human and 
veterinary patients with overlapping ranges of amounts of ganaxolone 
intravenously for SE provides reason and reasonable expectation of success 
in doing so. When we balance Zhang’s disclosures with evidence of 
unexpected results that lack nexus to the recitations of claims 25–31 of the 
’817 patent, and unpersuasive evidence of long felt need and absence of 
failure by others, we determine that a preponderance of the evidence 
supports finding claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent obvious. 

--- Page 58 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
58 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner has demonstrated, with a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent would 
have been unpatentable as obvious over Zhang. As discussed above, 
Petitioner has not demonstrated that claim 22 of the ’817 patent would have 
been unpatentable as obvious over Zhang alone. 
E. 
Ground 3 – Obviousness over Zhang, Saporito P1, Saporito P2 
1. Petitioner’s positions 
a. Petitioner’s position on claim 22 
Petitioner asserts “Zhang is described above.” Pet. 50. Petitioner 
asserts that Saporito P1 teaches 
rats were administered lithium chloride (127 mg/kg) and 
pilocarpine (50 mg/kg) to induce convulsive SE (CSE), a type 
of SE in which the seizures experienced by the subject are 
convulsions. Rats were then administered ganaxolone 
(formulated at a concentration of 2.5 mg/mL in 30% 
CAPTISOL®) at a dose of 6, 9, or 12 mg/kg at the time of 
seizure onset (time zero) and 15, 30, and 60 minutes after 
seizure onset. 
Id. (citing Ex. 1013; Ex. 1003 ¶ 112). Petitioner asserts “IV administered 
ganaxolone ‘halted CSE and produced a dose-dependent reduction in 
seizures associated with CSE when administered at 3 different doses over 
four separate time points.’” Id. at 50–51 (citing Ex. 1013; Ex. 1003 ¶ 113). 
Petitioner asserts that Saporito P2 performs a similar experiment on rats to 
induce SE and showed “the administration of ganaxolone treated SE, by 
terminating or stopping SE.” Id. at 53 (citing Ex. 1014, Ex. 1003 ¶ 118). 
 
Petitioner specifically points out, pertinent to claim 22, that the 
Saporito P1 “poster also shows that the IV administered ganaxolone 
promotes survival, measured 24 hours after the onset of CSE.” Pet. 51, 56 
(citing Ex. 1013, Fig. 3). 

--- Page 59 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
59 
b. Petitioner’s position on claims 25–31 
Petitioner asserts a “POSA would have combined Zhang’s teachings 
(e.g., as described in Section VIII.A.8) with Saporito P1 and/or P2’s 
teachings, as described above. And, for at least the reasons described in 
Section VIII.B, it would have been with a reasonable expectation of success. 
Therefore, claims [25]–31 would have been obvious.” Pet. 57 (footnote 
omitted). 
2. Patent Owner’s positions 
a. Patent Owner’s position on claim 22 
Patent Owner asserts that “Petitioner has failed to establish that 
Saporito P1 and Saporito P2 were sufficiently publicly accessible before the 
priority date of the ’817 patent. Saporito P1 and Saporito P2 are not dated, 
and there is no indication on their face that they were presented at the 2016 
AAN meeting.” PO Resp. 62 (citing Ex. 2016, 48:8–22, 71:16–23; Ex. 1013; 
Ex. 1014). Patent Owner asserts that the “Saporito Declaration does not 
indicate how many people attended the poster sessions other than the 
sessions being ‘well attended’ (Ex. 1015, ¶¶ 10, 21) or that the declarant 
‘interacted with a number of meeting attendees’ at Poster Session IV (id., 
¶ 15).” Id. Patent Owner notes that when asked in November 2023 in 
deposition how many people had attended a poster session in April 2016, Dr. 
Saporito “admitted that he could not remember or provide a more specific 
number of attendees.” Id. (citing Ex. 2016, 64:23-65:20). 
Patent Owner also asserts “[t]he Petition and the Saporito Declaration 
also provide no explanation of whether Exhibits 1013 and 1014 are the same 
posters that were presented at the April 2016 AAN meeting apart from 
merely stating that they are.” PO Resp. 63. Patent Owner asserts “[n]either 

--- Page 60 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
60 
the Saporito declaration nor the Supplemental Saporito declaration provides 
any chain of custody for the files that Petitioner alleges are the posters that 
were presented or indicates whether the declarant possessed these files or if 
someone else did.” Id. Patent Owner asserts that because “Saporito P1 
contains a different set of authors than the meeting brochure that purportedly 
discusses the underlying poster begs the question—unanswered by 
Petitioner—as to whether Saporito P1 is the poster that was presented at the 
2016 AAN meeting.” Id. at 64. Patent Owner similarly asserts “[t]hat 
Saporito P2 lists none of the authors listed in the AAN Meeting Brochure 
again begs the question as to whether Saporito P2 is the poster that was 
presented at the 2016 AAN meeting.” Id. at 65. 
Patent Owner asserts that “Zhang does not describe intravenously 
administering to a human patient suffering from SE a pharmaceutical 
composition comprising ganaxolone or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt 
thereof.” PO Resp. 65 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 125–128). Patent Owner also 
asserts that “Saporito P1 and Saporito P2 also do not disclose intravenously 
administering to a human patient a pharmaceutical composition comprising 
ganaxolone or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof.” Id. at 65–66 
(citing Ex. 2014 ¶ 126). 
Patent Owner asserts “it is common knowledge to a POSA that animal 
models do not translate directly to human treatment.” PO Resp. 66 (citing 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 127). Patent Owner asserts “doses of ganaxolone administered to 
rats cannot be directly compared with doses administered to humans because 
rats metabolize compounds at a much faster rate than humans by the hepatic 
microsomal system.” Id. at 67. 

--- Page 61 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
61 
Patent Owner also asserts “there is no motivation to combine different 
aspects of Zhang to arrive at the limitations recited in claim 22 (i.e., 
‘improvement to the patient after administration for more than 8 hours’).” 
PO Resp. 67–68 (citing Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 123-24, 129). Patent Owner asserts 
neither Saporito reference “provides the additional details necessary to arrive 
at the claimed limitations, as both references provide only data from rats, 
which a POSA would have understood does not translate directly to human 
treatment. Id. (citing Ex. 2014, ¶ 130). Patent Owner also asserts “Zhang 
does not disclose “improvement to the patient after administration for more 
than 8 hours,” as claim 22 requires. Id. (citing Ex. 2014, ¶ 132). Patent 
Owner asserts 
Petitioner’s argument that “Saporito P1 shows that ganaxolone 
promoted survival in the rats, measured 24 hours after the onset 
of CSE, suggesting improvement after 8 hours” has no support 
in Dr. Rogawski’s declaration or in Saporito P1 itself. Pet., 56; 
Ex. 2014, ¶ 136. Dr. Rogawski does not opine, and Saporito P1 
does not disclose, that increased survival measured 24 hours 
after the onset of CSE represents an improvement in treating SE 
after 8 hours. 
Id. at 70. Patent Owner asserts “Saporito P1’s disclosures about 24-hour 
survival rate show no statistical significance of the data, unlike the data 
disclosed in Saporito P2.” Id. 
b. Patent Owner’s position on claims 25–31 
 
Patent Owner asserts “a POSA would not have been motivated to 
choose the specific dose ranges recited in claims 25–31 from the broader 
dose range disclosed in Zhang (1 mg/kg to 20 mg/kg).” PO Resp. 71 (citing 
Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 137–38). Patent Owner asserts that neither “Saporito P1 or 
Saporito P2 would cure the deficiency in Zhang by providing a motivation 

--- Page 62 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
62 
for choosing the dose ranges recited in claims 25–31.” Id. 
Patent 
Owner asserts 
Petitioner has not shown that a POSA would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in treating a human patient 
suffering from SE with the doses recited in claims 25–31 based 
on Zhang’s disclosure. Nor would a POSA have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in doing so with the addition 
of Saporito P1 or Saporito P2. Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 139–40. Petitioner 
does not contend that Saporito P1 or Saporito P2 cure this 
deficiency in Zhang. Pet., 57. 
Id. at 72. 
3. Analysis 
a. Saporito Posters as prior art 
We first address the issue of whether a preponderance of the evidence 
demonstrates that the Saporito posters are prior art and printed publications. 
Medtronic explained that in Klopfenstein, a poster of slides was displayed at 
a professional conference but not distributed to the public and stated 
Under such a scenario, we identified the relevant factors to 
include: (1) “the length of time the display was exhibited,” (2) 
“the expertise of the target audience” (to determine how easily 
those who viewed the material could retain the information), (3) 
“the existence (or lack thereof) of reasonable expectations that 
the material displayed would not be copied,” and (4) “the 
simplicity or ease with which the material displayed could have 
been copied.”. . . After reviewing these factors, we determined 
that the reference was sufficiently publicly accessible to count 
as a “printed publication” for the purposes of § 102(b). 
Medtronic, Inc. v. Barry, 891 F.3d 1368, 1381–82 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (citing In 
re Klopfenstein, 380 F.3d 1345, 1347–50 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
The AAN 2016 meeting program listed the Saporito posters as 
available with “Presenters Stand by Posters” and identified the posters as 

--- Page 63 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
63 
P2.020 and P4.212. Ex. 1012, 48, 99. In the AAN 2016 meeting program 
and in Exhibit 1013, Saporito Poster 1 is identically titled “Ganaxolone 
Administered Intravenously Prevents Behavioral Seizures and Promotes 
Survival in the Rat Lithium-Pilocarpine Model of Status Epilepticus.” In the 
AAN 2016 meeting program and in Exhibit 1014, Saporito Poster 2 is 
identically titled “Intravenous Administration of Ganaxolone Attenuates 
Electroencephalographic Seizures in a Diazepam Resistant Model of Status 
Epilepticus.” Dr. Saporito states that “[t]he poster shown at page 1 of Ex. 
1013 is the same document that I remember displaying as a poster, standing 
by, and discussing with attendees at the meeting” and makes a similar 
statement regarding Exhibit 2014. See Ex. 1033 ¶¶ 4, 7. 
In deposition in response to a question regarding a difference in 
authorship between the abstract in the meeting program and the authorship 
recited on the Saporito Poster 1, which included Donna Henry as an author, 
Dr. Saporito answered “we probably decided that Donna should be one of 
the authors because of her contribution and her relationship with some of 
these scientists. So we probably added her at a later stage.” Ex. 2016, 54:16–
20. Dr. Saporito explained the reason that an author addition to the poster 
might not appear in the brochure is because the “brochure is derived from 
the abstract, which is submitted well, well before the meeting.” Id. at 54:23–
25. 
Dr. Saporito states regarding the Saporito Poster 1 that (1) the “Poster 
Session II was held from 8:30am to 5:50pm on the 17th, with presenters, 
including myself, standing by the posters from 4pm to 5:30pm to interact 
with the Annual Meeting attendees who chose to stop and view the poster.” 
Dr. Saporito similarly explained that Saporito Poster 2 was also presented 

--- Page 64 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
64 
during a poster session at the meeting. Ex. 1015 ¶¶ 9, 13. As to the audience 
expertise, Dr. Saporito stated (2) the AAN Annual Meeting “is attended by 
both clinicians practicing in neurology and researchers interested in looking 
for potential new treatments for neurological disorders. I would consider it 
to be an important and influential gathering in the neurology field.” Id. ¶ 5. 
Dr. Saporito stated (3) “[a]s with Saporito Poster 1, because Saporito Poster 
2 was shown and presented at the meeting, I understood that the information 
on the poster would no longer be considered confidential.” Id. ¶ 13. Dr. 
Saporito stated (4) “[j]ust as they did for Saporito Poster 1 from Poster 
Session II, I recall that attendees took notes and photographs while looking 
at Saporito Poster 2.” Id. ¶ 15. 
Dr. Saporito’s statements are further supported by Dr. Rogawski, who 
stated 
The 2016 annual meeting where the Saporito posters were 
presented was held April 15–21, 2016, at the Vancouver 
Convention Center in Vancouver, B.C. and had 11,670 
attendees who were able to study the 2,700 poster presentations 
available for public viewing at the meeting. (2016 AAN Annual 
Report, Ex. 1019, page 12.) The Saporito posters were among 
those on public display and freely available to all 11,670 
attendees. 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 37. In deposition, Dr. Rogawski explained that the Declaration 
statement “was based on my personal knowledge and also reviewing 
information about the meeting . . . it was indicated on the website and . . . I 
believe I found an annual report from the society.” Ex. 2015, 107:19–108:2. 
 
We find Patent Owner’s arguments unpersuasive, as at best, Patent 
Owner criticizes some aspects of the Declaration of Dr. Saporito such as the 

--- Page 65 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
65 
exact number of attendees, that Dr. Saporito only stated12 the current 
Exhibits were the same as those presented without any chain of custody, and 
that there were some alleged discrepancies regarding authorship. PO Resp. 
61‒64. Patent Owner provides no evidence substantively rebutting any of 
Dr. Saporito’s testimony addressing these issues (Ex. 1015,1033), but rather 
simply relies on attorney argument. “Attorney argument is not evidence.” 
Icon Health & Fitness, Inc. v. Strava, Inc., 849 F.3d 1034, 1043 (Fed. Cir. 
2017). 
 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence supports a 
determination that the Saporito posters were publicly available as they were 
presented at the AAN annual meeting, that these were exhibited to an 
audience comprising interested practitioners and researchers for a sufficient 
time to assimilate or copy the information, and that the poster presenters 
expected copying of their posters, and that actual photographs of the 
presentation occurred. Ex. 1015 ¶¶ 5–18. 
b. Claim 22 
 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence supports a 
determination that claim 22 would have been obvious over Zhang, Saporito 
P1, and Saporito P2. 
 
As discussed above, Zhang suggests intravenous treatment using a 
ganaxolone formulation in human patients with status epilepticus. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1009 ¶¶ 22, 70, 76. 
 
12 We note that Dr. Saporito stated the posters were the same “under the 
penalty of perjury.” Ex. 1015, ¶ 2 , p. 9. 

--- Page 66 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
66 
As to the limitation in claim 22 that ganaxolone administration results 
in improvement in the patient for more than 8 hours, Saporito P1 stated 
“[t]he number of rats that survived the treatment paradigm in each group 
was also recorded and compared between study groups and time points.” Ex. 
1013, 1. Saporito P1 stated “GNX IV promoted survival at rates similar to 
those observed with administration of allopregnanolone as measured at 24 
hours after CSE onset in CSE induced rats.” Id. Figure 3 of Saporito P1 is 
reproduced below: 
 
Figure 3 shows “Vehicle, ganaxolone or allopregnanolone were adminstered 
[sic] by IV bolus injection at time of CSE (time 0) and 15, 30, or 60 minutes 
after CSE. The study was terminated 24 hours after CSE onset and the 
number of surviving animals were quantitated.” Id. Saporito P1 teaches the 
number of animals surviving after 24 hours increased after three different 
ganaxolone doses at four different timepoints of administration relative to 

--- Page 67 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
67 
untreated animals, providing evidence of improvement in the condition of 
the animals for more than 8 hours. Id. at Fig. 3. 
 
In deposition, when asked “what is the other column, the 24-hour 
survival referring to?” Dr. Sankar stated “How many of them. As I indicated 
earlier a lot of animals die after this pilocarpine status. In my lab we often 
lost up to 40 percent of them to mortality so this is just survival.” Ex. 1042, 
32:13–18. Dr. Sankar also stated that “ganaxolone in the right dose can 
substantially salvage these animals.” Id. at 33:4–5. When asked “what do 
you mean by salvage?” Dr. Sankar stated “[t]hat they survive overnight 
which may partly be because we were able to gain control of their seizures.” 
Id. at 33:6–9. Dr. Sankar stated “in a study pertaining to treatment, if you 
increase survival that will be a beneficial outcome in treatment.” Id. at 
37:19–21. 
Dr. Rogawski similarly testified that: 
Improvement beyond 8 hours is shown explicitly, for example, 
in the experimental results presented in Saporito Poster 1 . . . 
rats receiving a single bolus IV administration of ganaxolone at 
all doses (including the 12 mg/kg dose) administered at all time 
points after SE onset (including 15 and 60 minutes after SE 
onset) exhibited markedly increased rates of survival at 24-
hours compared to vehicle, such that nearly all animals 
survived. (Ex. 1013, Methods, Figure 3, Conclusions). 
Ex. 1041 ¶ 49. In deposition, when asked regarding Figure 3 of the Saporito 
Poster 1 “whether or not ganaxolone was blocking seizures; is that right?” 
Dr. Rogawski stated “one thing that’s very, very clear here is that there was 
dramatic improvement in the animals that were treated with ganaxolone at 
all doses, at the 24-hour time point that was assessed here. Because less of 
them were damaged, it’s clearly an improvement.” Ex. 2015, 119:16–23; cf. 
id. at 121:24–122:4. 

--- Page 68 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
68 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that the ordinary 
artisan would have lacked motivation to treat SE with ganaxolone based on 
the disclosures of Zhang, Saporito P1, and Saporito P2. As already 
discussed, we do not agree with Patent Owner’s interpretation of patient as 
limited to humans, but rather interpret the term “patient” consistent with the 
’817 patent to include “humans, canines, porcine, ungulates, rodents, 
poultry, and avian.” Ex. 1001, 32:65–67. Zhang teaches to treat both humans 
and rodents with ganaxolone intravenously to mitigate SE. Ex. 1009 ¶¶ 22, 
70, 76, 135. 
And a preponderance of the evidence of record expressly teaches that 
ganaxolone as administered intravenously by Saporito P1 to rats with SE 
provided improvement to those rats for 24 hours, a period that is longer than 
8 hours and thus “more than 8 hours” as recited in claim 22. Ex. 1013, Fig. 
3; Ex. 1042, 37:19–21; Ex. 2015, 119:16–23. 
We find that these disclosures would have provided motivation to 
treat non-human animals such as rats with SE with ganaxolone due to the 
beneficial effects. However, even if we limited the term “patients” to 
humans, we find that a preponderance of the evidence would also have 
provided motivation to treat humans with SE, as Zhang expressly suggests 
that patients may be humans. Ex. 1009 ¶ 22 (“A ‘patient’ is a human.”). Dr. 
Rogawski explained that 
those of skill in the art understood on the priority date of the 
’817 patent, and still understand, the rat lithium-pilocarpine 
model to be a widely accepted model to identify potential 
treatments for SE. Halting behavioral SE in the model indicates 
that a test substance is effective in treating the SE condition. 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 115. This supports our conclusion that the ordinary artisan 
interested in treating SE would have been motivated by successful results in 

--- Page 69 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
69 
animal models to apply the same effective intravenous ganaxolone treatment 
to human populations with SE as “there is a reasonable expectation that a 
treatment which demonstrates improvement in animals experiencing SE as 
in the examples of Zhang, as well as Saporito P1 and P2, will also 
demonstrate some improvement in SE when administered to humans 
suffering from the same.” Ex. 1041 ¶ 56; Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. v. 
Roxane Labs., Inc., 903 F.3d 1310, 1333–34 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (“This Court 
has long rejected a requirement of ‘[c]onclusive proof of efficacy’ for 
obviousness.” (alteration in original)). 
We are also unpersuaded by Patent Owner’s assertion regarding an 
absence of a reasonable expectation of success. See, e.g., Sur-Reply 22. We 
find that a preponderance of the evidence demonstrates efficacy of 
ganaxolone in the rat pilocarpine model system. Ex. 1013, Fig. 3; Ex. 1042, 
37:19–21; Ex. 2015, 119:16–23. This evidence provides a reasonable 
expectation of success for use of the treatment in other patients including 
humans for the same periods of time of treatment. Saporito P1 provides 
specific evidence showing that ganaxolone administration improved patient 
outcomes for periods of 8 or more hours. Ex. 1013, Fig. 3; Ex. 1014, Fig. 4. 
“[O]bviousness does not require absolute predictability of success . . . all 
that is required is a reasonable expectation of success.” In re Kubin, 561 
F.3d 1351, 1360 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (emphasis omitted, second alteration in 
original). 
c. Claims 25–31 
As we have already discussed above, Zhang teaches a range of doses 
of about 1 mg/kg to about 20 mg/kg of ganaxolone for treatment of humans 
with diseases including status epilepticus by intravenous infusion. See 

--- Page 70 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
70 
Ex. 1009 ¶¶ 22, 70, 76, 84; Ex. 1003 ¶ 103. As also discussed above, Zhang 
teaches the “effective amount of ganaxolone will be selected by those skilled 
in the art depending on the particular patient and the disease.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 24. 
Zhang demonstrates that ganaxolone was effective in treating mice with SE 
just as Saporito P1 and Saporito P2 demonstrate ganaxolone was effective in 
treating mice with SE. See id. ¶ 134; Ex. 1013, Figs. 2, 3; Ex. 1014, Figs. 3, 
4. We also note that the remainder of our discussion of Zhang with regard to 
these claims above remains applicable to this ground, with the additional 
support of efficacy shown in the Saporito P1 and Saporito P2 posters. 
 
As already discussed, we recognize that Dr. Sankar states that Zhang’s 
“result would not have provided a reasonable expectation of success for the 
specific doses of claims 25-31 in a human patient.” Ex. 2014 ¶ 105. 
Dr. Sankar states “[t]he lack of efficacy data in humans is significant 
because of the difficulties in treating SE.” Id. However, Dr. Rogawski states 
the “experimental approach used is, in my opinion, generally considered to 
be predictive of clinical efficacy.” Ex. 1041 ¶ 56. Dr. Rogawski states “in 
my opinion, there is a reasonable expectation that a treatment which 
demonstrates improvement in animals experiencing SE as in the examples of 
Zhang . . . will also demonstrate some improvement in SE when 
administered to humans suffering from the same.” Id. 
 
Combined with the disclosures of Zhang, Saporito P1, and Saporito 
P2, we find Dr. Rogawski more persuasive and credible regarding the 
obviousness of using the dosages of claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent for 
treatment of SE. 

--- Page 71 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
71 
d. Objective Indicia analysis 
We incorporate our objective indicia analysis as discussed above in 
V.D.3.c. for claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent. 
e. Conclusion 
 
We balance the objective indicia with Petitioner’s obviousness 
position to determine whether a preponderance of the evidence shows 
whether claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent would have been obvious 
over Zhang, Saporito P1, and Saporito P2. We find that the direct suggestion 
of Zhang to treat human and veterinary patients with overlapping ranges of 
amounts of ganaxolone intravenously for SE provides reason and reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so. We find that the disclosure in Saporito 
P1 showing efficacy of ganaxolone in survival of rats with SE for 24 hours 
provides a reasonable expectation of success in for the recitation in claim 22 
requiring improvement for more than 8 hours and Saporito P2 shows 
efficacy of ganaxolone in SE as well. 
 
As we balance the disclosures of Zhang, Saporito P1, and Saporito P2 
with evidence of unexpected results that lack nexus to the recitations of 
claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent, and unpersuasive evidence of long 
felt need and absence of failure by others, we determine that a 
preponderance of the evidence supports finding claims 22 and 25–31 of the 
’817 patent obvious. 
 
 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner has demonstrated, with a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent 
would have been unpatentable as obvious over Zhang, Saporito P1, and 
Saporito P2. 

--- Page 72 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
72 
F. Ground 4 – Obviousness over Zhang, Marinus Orphan Drug Press 
Release, Marinus Phase I Press Release 
1. Petitioner’s positions 
a. Petitioner’s position on Claim 22 
Petitioner asserts “Zhang . . . is described above.” Pet. 57. Petitioner 
asserts that Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release teaches 
“the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted 
Orphan Drug Designation to the intravenous (IV) formulation 
of its CNS-selective GABAA modulator, ganaxolone, for the 
treatment of [SE].” It also discloses that “[a] Phase 1 clinical 
trial evaluating the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of 
ganaxolone IV is expected to initiate in the first half of 2016. 
Id. at 58 (citing Ex. 1011; Ex. 1003 ¶ 125) (footnote omitted, alterations in 
original). Petitioner asserts Marinus Phase I Press Release teaches the 
company had “dosed the first subject in its Phase 1 clinical trial of 
ganaxolone IV, an intravenous (IV) formulation’ for the treatment of SE.” 
Id. (citing Ex. 1022; Ex. 1003 ¶ 126). Petitioner asserts that Marinus Phase I 
Press Release “also discloses that the study would ‘include a dose escalation 
of a bolus dosage of ganaxolone IV and a bolus dose of ganaxolone IV, 
followed by a continuous infusion.’” Id. (footnote omitted). Petitioner 
asserts that for “at least the same reasons set forth for claim 1 . . . claim 22 
would have been obvious over Zhang and Marinus’s Orphan Drug Press 
Release and/or Marinus’s Phase I Press Release.” Id. at 63–64 (footnote 
omitted). 
b. Petitioner’s position on claims 25–31 
Petitioner asserts 
[f]or at least the same reasons set forth for claim 1, a 
POSA would have combined Zhang’s teachings (e.g., as 
described in Section VIII.A.8) with the teachings of Marinus’s 

--- Page 73 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
73 
Orphan Drug and Phase I Press Releases, as described above. 
And, for at least the reasons described in Section VIII.B, it 
would have been with a reasonable expectation of success. 
Therefore, claims 24–31 would have been obvious over Zhang 
and Marinus’s Orphan Drug Press Release and/or Marinus’s 
Phase I Press Release. 
Pet. 64–65. 
2. Patent Owner’s positions 
a. Patent Owner’s position on claim 22 and 25–31 
Patent Owner asserts a “POSA would not have been motivated to 
combine Zhang with Marinus’s Orphan Drug Press Release and/or 
Marinus’s Phase I Press Releases to arrive at the limitations recited in claims 
22 and 25-31. Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 142-161.” PO Resp. 72. Patent Owner asserts 
nothing in Zhang’s disclosure would have motivated a POSA to 
meet the limitation of claim 22, as Zhang does not disclose 
“improvement to the patient after administration for more than 
8 hours.” Ex. 2014, ¶ 145. Nor would Zhang have motivated a 
POSA to choose the specific dose ranges disclosed in claims 
25-31. Ex. 2014, ¶ 154. And a POSA would not have been 
motivated by Zhang to seek out additional publications related 
to the treatment of SE by administering ganaxolone to a patient 
in need because Zhang’s disclosure is limited to data in rats. Ex. 
2014, ¶¶ 146, 155. 
Id. at 73. Patent Owner asserts 
Petitioner fails to show that a POSA would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success that intravenous 
administration of ganaxolone would result in “improvement to 
the patient after administration for more than 8 hours” or that 
administration of ganaxolone at the doses recited in claims 25-
31 would treat SE in human patients based on Zhang in 
combination with Marinus’s Orphan Drug Press Release and/or 
Marinus’s Phase I Press Release. Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 147, 156. 

--- Page 74 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
74 
Id. at 74. Patent Owner asserts “the fact that the FDA granted orphan drug 
status to Marinus for the use of ganaxolone to treat SE, and the fact that 
Marinus was allowed to proceed to Phase I clinical trials for this use, say 
nothing about the efficacy of the drug. Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 150-51, 159-60.” Id. at 
75. 
3. Analysis 
a. Claim 22 
As we discussed above with regard to Zhang, a preponderance of the 
evidence does not show that Zhang would inherently, necessarily, or 
obviously result in 8 hour improvement in any particular species of patient 
after administration of ganaxolone. As we have noted, that conclusion is 
supported by Petitioner’s own expert, Dr. Rogawski, who stated with regard 
to the claimed 8 hour improvement that “I think it’s possible that there could 
be improvement, there might not be improvement. When one is treating a 
medical condition, there’s always a degree of variability and one doesn’t 
expect a certain outcome.” Ex. 2015, 155:9–16. Dr. Rogawski therefore 
acknowledges that improvement at the 8 hour timepoint is not necessarily 
the natural result of ganaxolone treatment and may not necessarily occur. 
We have considered both Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release and 
Marinus Phase I Press Release. Both references further support Zhang’s 
suggestion to treat humans with SE, and Marinus Phase I Press Release 
emphasizes the importance of bolus dosages in these studies. See Ex. 1011, 
Ex. 1022. 
However, neither Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release nor Marinus 
Phase I Press Release suggests any particular degree of treatment success 
and neither of these disclosures provides any discussion of the length of time 

--- Page 75 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
75 
of improvement that would be expected to result from treatment of SE with 
ganaxolone. See Ex. 1011, Ex. 1022. 
As with the obviousness ground over Zhang alone, discussed earlier, 
we are persuaded by Dr. Sankar’s statements that there would not have been 
a reasonable expectation of success from Zhang in improvement after 8 
hours as Zhang shows diminishing results from ganaxolone after 5 hours and 
no evidence of efficacy beyond 5 hours. Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 94–97. Dr. Rogawski 
provides no specific evidence in Zhang supporting the position that the 
reduction of adverse consequences would reasonably be expected to occur. 
Nor is there evidence from Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release nor Marinus 
Phase I Press Release addressing this limitation of claim 22. 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner does not show, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claim 22 of the ’817 patent is 
unpatentable as obvious over Zhang, Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release 
and Marinus Phase I Press Release. 
b. Claims 25–31 
As we have already discussed above, Zhang teaches a range of doses 
of about 1 mg/kg to about 20 mg/kg of ganaxolone for treatment of humans 
with diseases including status epilepticus by intravenous infusion. See 
Ex. 1009 ¶¶ 22, 70, 76, 84; Ex. 1003 ¶ 103. As also discussed above, Zhang 
teaches the “effective amount of ganaxolone will be selected by those skilled 
in the art depending on the particular patient and the disease.” Ex. 1009 ¶ 24. 
Zhang demonstrates that ganaxolone was effective in treating mice with SE. 
See Ex. 1009 ¶ 134. Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release teaches “it has 
dosed the first [human] subject in its phase 1 clinical trial of ganaxolone IV, 

--- Page 76 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
76 
an intravenous (IV) formulation of Marinus’ CNS-selective GABAA 
modulator, for the treatment of status epilepticus (SE).” Ex. 1022, 1. 
Thus, Zhang, Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release and Marinus Phase 
I Press Release all reasonably suggest treatment of SE with ganaxolone in 
dose amounts effective for human patients. Ex. 1009 ¶ 24; Ex. 1022, 1; Ex. 
1011, 1. 
As already discussed, we recognize that Dr. Sankar states that Zhang’s 
“result would not have provided a reasonable expectation of success for the 
specific doses of claims 25-31 in a human patient.” Ex. 2014 ¶ 105. Dr. 
Sankar states “[t]he lack of efficacy data in humans is significant because of 
the difficulties in treating SE.” Id. However, Dr. Rogawski states the 
“experimental approach used is, in my opinion, generally considered to be 
predictive of clinical efficacy.” Ex. 1041 ¶ 56. Dr. Rogawski states “in my 
opinion, there is a reasonable expectation that a treatment which 
demonstrates improvement in animals experiencing SE as in the examples of 
Zhang . . . will also demonstrate some improvement in SE when 
administered to humans suffering from the same.” Id. 
 
Combined with the disclosures of Zhang, Marinus Orphan Drug Press 
Release and Marinus Phase I Press Release, we find Dr. Rogawski more 
persuasive and credible regarding the obviousness of using the dosages of 
claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent for treatment of SE in human patients. 
 
c. Objective Indicia analysis 
We incorporate our objective indicia analysis as discussed above in 
V.D.3.c. for claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent. 

--- Page 77 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
77 
d. Conclusion 
 
We balance the objective indicia with Petitioner’s obviousness 
position to determine whether a preponderance of the evidence shows 
whether claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent would have been obvious over 
Zhang, Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release, and Marinus Phase I Press 
Release. We find that the direct suggestion of Zhang to treat human and 
veterinary patients with overlapping ranges of amounts of ganaxolone 
intravenously for SE provides reason and reasonable expectation of success 
in doing so. Zhang also directly suggests optimizing this dose for patients. 
This reasoning is strongly bolstered by the teaching of Marinus Orphan Drug 
Press Release and Marinus Phase I Press Release to treat humans with SE. 
 
As we balance the disclosures of Zhang, Marinus Orphan Drug Press 
Release, and Marinus Phase I Press Release with evidence of unexpected 
results that lack nexus to the recitations of claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent, 
and unpersuasive evidence of long felt need and absence of failure by others, 
we determine that a preponderance of the evidence supports finding claims 
25–31 of the ’817 patent obvious. 
 
 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner has demonstrated, with a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claims 25–31 of the ’817 patent would 
have been unpatentable as obvious over Zhang, Marinus Orphan Drug Press 
Release, and Marinus Phase I Press Release. As discussed above, Petitioner 
has not demonstrated that claim 22 of the ’817 patent would have been 
unpatentable as obvious over Zhang, Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release, 
and Marinus Phase I Press Release. 

--- Page 78 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
78 
G. Ground 7 – Enablement 
1. Petitioner position 
Petitioner asserts 
the ’817 patent specification contains very little data to support 
its claims related to treating SE with ganaxolone. If Ovid 
[Patent Owner] takes the position that the references applied to 
Challenged Claims 1–3, 10–17, and 19–31, above—which 
contain as much and, in fact, more data to support treating SE 
with ganaxolone—do not anticipate and/or render them obvious 
by arguing that the references are not enabling, then the claims 
of the ’817 cannot be enabled. 
Pet. 74. Petitioner asserts that “[c]laims 21–31 recite a particular dosage 
form (intravenous), and in some cases, particular concentrations, dosing 
amounts, or patient outcomes.” Id. at 77. Petitioner asserts the “’817 patent 
(unlike Marinus’s publications), does not contain any working examples of 
treating SE (in a rat model or otherwise) using an intravenous dose form.” 
Id. at 77–78. Petitioner asserts, regarding doses and patient outcomes, that “a 
person of skill in the art would certainly not have arrived at them based on 
the only dose (20 mg/kg) for which data is presented the ’817 patent 
(Example 3) that could possibly suggest efficacy for treating SE in a rat.” Id. 
at 78. 
 
Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner’s “expert, who did not opine on 
enablement, believes that ‘absent human data the patent cannot claim 
treating a human patient.’” Reply 31 (citing Ex. 1042, 41:19–21, 78:14–19) 
(footnote omitted). Petitioner asserts “[i]f the prior art data in rats is not 
sufficient to render the claims obvious, then the data in the specification 
itself is also not sufficient to enable them.” Id. 

--- Page 79 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
79 
2. Patent Owner’s position 
Patent Owner asserts 
Instead of providing a cogent analysis grounded in the 
factors from In re Wands, 858 F.2d 731 (Fed. Cir. 1988), 
Petitioner makes the conclusory assertion that “a person of skill 
in the art would certainly not have arrived at [the claimed 
concentrations, dosing amounts and/or patient outcomes] based 
on the only dose (20 mg/kg) for which data is presented [in] the 
’817 patent (Example 3) that could possibly suggest efficacy for 
treating SE in a rat.” Pet., 78 (citing Ex. 1003, ¶¶ 158-160). 
And Dr. Rogawski’s declaration fares no better as it merely 
repeats verbatim the attorney argument in the Petition. 
Compare Pet., 78 with Ex. 1003, ¶ 159. 
PO Resp. 76. Patent Owner asserts 
Petitioner has failed to put forth any evidence that treating SE 
with ganaxolone was unpredictable, that a large quantity of 
experimentation would have been necessary to show that 
ganaxolone was effective to treat SE, that the scope of claims 
22 and 25-31 are unduly broad, that the guidance in the ’817 
patent’s specification is insufficient, or that the prior art 
identifies particular concerns with the claimed treatment 
method. 
Id. at 77. Patent Owner acknowledges “[a]ll Petitioner points to is a lack of 
working examples. See Petition, 78.” Id. 
 
Patent Owner asserts that the only evidence Petitioner “offers is its 
contention that Dr. Sankar ‘believes that “absent human data the patent 
cannot claim treating a human patient.”’ Reply, 31. But Dr. Sankar offered 
no opinions on enablement in his declaration.” Sur-Reply 25. 
3. Analysis 
 
The enablement requirement asks whether “the specification teach[es] 
those in the art to make and use the invention without undue 
experimentation.” In re Wands, 858 F.2d 731, 737 (Fed. Cir. 1988). “[T]he 

--- Page 80 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
80 
specification must enable the full scope of the invention as defined by its 
claims. The more one claims, the more one must enable.” Amgen Inc. v. 
Sanofi, 598 U.S. 594, 610 (2023). 
“To prove that a claim is invalid for lack of enablement, a challenger 
must show . . . that a person of ordinary skill in the art would not be able to 
practice the claimed invention without ‘undue experimentation.’” Alcon 
Research Ltd. v. Barr Labs., Inc., 745 F.3d 1180, 1188 (Fed. Cir. 2014). In 
analyzing undue experimentation, we consider: 
(1) the quantity of experimentation necessary, (2) the amount of 
direction or guidance presented, (3) the presence or absence of 
working examples, (4) the nature of the invention, (5) the state 
of the prior art, (6) the relative skill of those in the art, (7) the 
predictability or unpredictability of the art, and (8) the breadth 
of the claims. 
In re Wands, 858 F.2d at 737. There is no necessary requirement that 
mandates a Wands analysis for an enablement analysis as shown by Amgen, 
which affirmed a non-enablement determination without explicitly 
addressing any Wands factors. 
 
We do not find that a preponderance of the evidence supports non-
enablement of claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent. 
a. Wands factors based on cited evidence 
(1) Breadth of claims 
 
Claims 22 and 25–31 are narrowly drawn to a particular drug 
compound, ganaxolone, and a particular disorder, status epilepticus. See, 
e.g., Ex. 1001, 40:8–31. 
(2) Skill in the Art 
The level of skill in the art has already been addressed above in 
Section IV and was determined to be very high. 

--- Page 81 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
81 
(3) Working Examples 
Dr. Rogawski states that the ’817 patent “includes an experimental 
Example that utilizes the rat lithium-pilocarpine model to investigate the 
effect of administering ganaxolone. In this case, intraperitoneally.” See 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 155; Ex. 1001, 35:30–37:15. Example 3 shows “Dose-response 
evaluation of treatment during benzodiazepine-resistant status epilepticus 
suggests dose-dependent efficacy of ganaxolone (i.p.)—significant (p<0.02) 
improvement in protection at 20 mg/kg.” Ex. 1001, 37:8–11. 
(4) The amount of direction or guidance presented 
The ’817 patent provides disclosure of methods “for treating an 
epileptic disorder by administering ganaxolone to a patient in need thereof.” 
Ex. 1001, 6:27–29. The ’817 patent discusses doses and modes of treatment 
with ganaxolone including doses overlapping the currently claimed values. 
Id. at 8:11–44. The ’817 patent discusses time frames for improvement after 
treatment including the 8 hour timepoint. Id. at 24:45–49. 
(5) State of the prior art and the unpredictability in the art 
 
Petitioner provides no evidence that the treatment of status epilepticus 
patients with ganaxolone was unpredictable. See generally Pet. In contrast, 
Dr. Rogawski states the prior art “demonstrates, based on extensive 
experimentation in the rat lithium-pilocarpine model, that ganaxolone can 
treat SE. And, in particular, that ganaxolone administered intravenously was 
effective for treating SE.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 154. Dr. Rogawski further states 
“based on the results seen in the rat lithium-pilocarpine model, a person of 
skill in the art would reasonably have expected ganaxolone to be effective 
for treating SE in humans.” Id. 

--- Page 82 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
82 
(6) Quantity of Experimentation 
 
There is limited discussion of the quantity of experimentation in the 
record, but the working example in the ’817 patent and in Zhang, Saporito 
P1, and Saporito P2 reasonably suggest that the quantity of experimentation 
in animals is reasonable. In contrast, Marinus Orphan Drug Press Release 
and Marinus Phase I Press Release suggest a high quantity of 
experimentation for treatment in humans as clinical trials were necessary to 
evaluate ganaxolone in humans. See Ex. 1011, 1022. 
(7) Analysis 
 
Considering the Wands factors as a whole, we find a narrow breadth 
of the claims, a reasonable amount of direction and guidance provided by the 
’817 patent, an absence of unpredictability and prior art evidence showing 
efficacy, a working example, and a high level of skill in the art, balanced 
against a high quantity of experimentation. Based on our consideration of 
the entirety of the evidence, we find that a preponderance of the evidence 
supports the conclusion that undue experimentation would not have been 
required to make and use the invention commensurate in scope with the 
claims of the ’817 patent. 
 
VI. CONCLUSION 
After considering the evidence and arguments before us in the 
complete trial record, we conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that Challenged Claims 22 and 25–31 of the 
’817 patent are unpatentable.13 
 
13 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the Challenged 
Claims in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance 

--- Page 83 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
83 
In summary: 
 
 
of this decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding, 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
22, 25–
31 
102 
Zhang 
 
22, 25–31 
22, 25–
31 
103 
Zhang 
25–31 
22 
22, 25–
31 
103 
Zhang, Saporito 
P1, Saporito P2 
22, 25–31 
 
22, 25–
31 
103 
Zhang, Marinus 
Orphan Drug Press 
Release, Marinus 
Phase I Press 
Release 
25–31 
22 
22, 25–
31 
112(a) 
Enablement 
 
22, 25–31 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
22, 25–31 

--- Page 84 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
84 
VII. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 22 and 25–31 of the ’817 patent are 
determined to be unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 85 ---
PGR2023-00020 
Patent 11,395,817 B2 
 
85 
For PETITIONER: 
 
Martina Hufnal 
Anita Meiklejohn 
Katie Hyma 
Michael Kane 
FISH & RICHARDSON P.C. 
hufnal@fr.com 
meiklejohn@fr.com 
hyma@fr.com 
kane@fr.com 
 
For PATENT OWNER: 
 
Anthony Tridico 
Erin Sommers 
Ryan McDonnell 
Kaitlyn Pehrson 
FINNEGAN, HENDERSON, FARABOW, 
 GARRETT & DUNNER, LLP 
anthony.tridico@finnegan.com 
erin.sommers@finnegan.com 
ryan.mcdonnell@finnegan.com 
kaitlyn.pehrson@finnegan.com