--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 89 
Tel: 571-272-7822 
Date: November 9, 2022 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
MYLAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC., CELLTRION, INC., and 
APOTEX, INC., 
Petitioners, 
v. 
REGENERON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
IPR2021-008801 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
Before ERICA A. FRANKLIN, JOHN G. NEW, and 
SUSAN L.C. MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judges. 
NEW, Administrative Patent Judge 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
Denying Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
Denying in part and Dismissing in Part Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Evidence 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a), 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) 
 
 
1 IPR2022-00257 and IPR2022-00301 have been joined with this 
proceeding. See Papers 35 and 36. 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
2 
 
 
I. INTRODUCTION 
We have jurisdiction to hear this inter partes review under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 6, and this Final Written Decision is issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons set forth below, we determine that 
Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc., Celltrion, Inc. and Apotex, Inc. (collectively 
“Petitioner”) have established by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 1 and 8–12 of Patent Owner Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.’s 
(“Patent Owner”) U.S. Patent No. 9,669,069 B2 (Ex. 1001, “’069 patent”) 
are unpatentable. We additionally deny Petitioner’s pending Motion to 
Exclude Evidence and deny in part and dismiss in part Patent Owner’s 
pending Motion to Exclude Evidence. 
 
A. 
Procedural History 
 
On May 5, 2021, Mylan Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the original Petitioner, 
filed a Petition (Paper 1, “Petition”) seeking inter partes review of claims 1 
and 8–12 of the ’069 patent. Patent Owner timely filed a Preliminary 
Response. (Paper 10). We authorized additional briefing (Papers 16 and 19) 
and pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 314, on November 10, 2021, we instituted inter 
partes review of all of the challenged claims of the ’069 patent (Paper 21, 
“Institution Decision” or “Dec.”). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
3 
 
 
After institution of trial, Patent Owner filed a corrected Response 
(Paper 39, “PO Resp.”), to which Petitioner filed a Reply2 (Paper 57, “Pet. 
Reply”), and Patent Owner, in turn, filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 68, “Sur-
Reply”). 
On February 9, 2022, we instituted an inter partes review in IPR2022-
00257 and granted the motion for joinder with IPR2021-00880, adding 
Celltrion, Inc. as a petitioner in the instant proceeding. Paper 35. On the 
same date, we also instituted an inter partes in IPR2022-00301 and likewise 
granted the motion for joinder with IPR2021-00880, adding Apotex, Inc. as 
a petitioner in the instant proceeding. Paper 36. We refer to Mylan 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Celltrion, Inc. and Apotex, Inc., collectively, as 
“Petitioner.” 
Oral argument was held on August 10, 2022. A transcript of the oral 
argument is included in the record. (Paper 88, “Hearing Trans.”). 
 
B. 
Related Proceedings 
Petitioner and Patent Owner identify Mylan Pharms. Inc. v. 
Regeneron Pharms., Inc., IPR2021-00881 (PTAB May 5, 2021) (the “-881 
IPR”) as a related matter. Pet. 4; Paper 5, 2. The -881 IPR challenges 
 
 
2 Petitioner filed a Reply containing confidential information (Paper 56), 
together with a redacted Reply (Paper 57). Although we have reviewed 
both briefs, in this Decision we quote or cite only to information presented 
in the redacted brief. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
4 
 
 
claims of U.S. Patent No. 9,254,338 B2 (“the ’338 patent”). The parties 
further identify Chengdu Kanghong Biotechnol. Co. v. Regeneron Pharms., 
Inc., PGR2021-00035 (PTAB Jan. 7, 2021) challenging the claims of U.S. 
Patent No. 10,828,345 B2 (“the ’345 patent”), which is related to the ’069 
patent and the ’338 patent. Pet. 5. This latter proceeding has been 
terminated. See Chengdu, PGR2021-00035, Paper 8. 
Petitioner also identifies additional patents and patent applications that 
claim priority to the ’069 patent, namely: U.S. Patent Nos. 10,130,681 B2, 
10,857,205 B2, 10,828,345 B2, and 10,888,601 B2, and U.S. Application 
Serial Nos. 17/072,417, 17/112,063, and 17/112,404. Pet. 5. 
 
C. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
 
Petitioner states that Viatris Inc. and Mylan Inc. are parent companies 
of Petitioner Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc. Paper 87, 1. Accordingly, 
Petitioner identifies Viatris Inc., Mylan Inc., and Mylan Pharmaceuticals 
Inc. as real parties-in-interest to the current Petition. Id. Petitioner also 
states that Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Janssen Research & 
Development LLC are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Johnson & Johnson, a 
publicly held company. Id. Consequently, Petitioner also identifies 
Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Research & Development LLC, 
and Johnson & Johnson as real parties-in-interest to the current Petition. Id. 
 
Petitioner Celltrion, Inc. identifies itself, Celltrion Healthcare Co. 
Ltd., and Celltrion Healthcare U.S.A., Inc. as real parties-in-interest. See 
IPR2022-00257, Paper 2, 3. Petitioner Apotex, Inc. identifies itself, Apotex 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
5 
 
 
Corp., Apotex Pharmaceutical Holdings Inc., and Aposherm Delaware 
Holdings Corp. as real parties-in-interest. See IPR2022-00301, Paper 1, 3. 
Patent Owner identifies Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as the real 
party-in-interest. Paper 5, 2. 
 
D. 
The Instituted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner contends that claims 1 and 8–12 of the ’069 patent are 
unpatentable, based upon the following grounds, all of which have been 
instituted in this proceeding: 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
I 
1, 9–12 
102 
Dixon3 
II 
1, 9–12 
102 
Heier 20094 
III 
1, 9–12 
102 
Regeneron I5 
IV 
1, 8–12 
102 and/or 
103 
Dixon 
 
 
3J.A. Dixon et al., VEGF Trap-Eye for the Treatment of Neovascular Age-
Related Macular Degeneration, 18(10) EXPERT OPIN. INVESTIG. DRUGS 
1573–80 (2009) (“Dixon”) Ex. 1006. 
4 J.S. Heier, Intravitreal VEGF Trap for AMD: An Update, October 2009 
RETINA TODAY 44–45 (2009) (“Heier 2009”) Ex. 1020. 
5 Press Release, Bayer and Regeneron Extend Development Program for 
VEGF Trap-Eye to Include Central Retinal Vein Occlusion, April 30, 2009 
(“Regeneron I”) Ex. 1028. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
6 
 
 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
V 
1, 8–12 
103 
Heier-2009 and 
Mitchell6 or Dixon, and 
optionally, 
Papadopolous7 or Dix8 
 
Petitioner also relies upon the Declarations of Dr. Thomas A. Albini (the 
“Albini Declaration,” Ex. 1002, Ex. 1115 (confidential and public, redacted 
versions)) and Dr. Mary Gerritsen (the “Gerritsen Declaration,” Ex. 1003). 
Patent Owner relies upon Declarations by Lucian V. Del Priore (Ex. 2048), 
Dr. Alexander M. Klibanov (Ex. 2049), and Dr. David M. Brown 
(Ex. 2050). We have reviewed the credentials of Petitioners’ declarants, 
Drs. Albini and Gerritsen, and Patent Owner’s declarants, Drs. Del Priore, 
Klibanov, and Brown and consider each of them to be qualified to provide 
the opinions for which their testimony has been submitted. 
 
 
 
 
6 P. Mitchell et al., Ranibizumab (Lucentis) in Neovascular Age-Related 
Macular Degeneration: Evidence from Clinical Trials, 94(2) Br. J. 
Ophthalmol. 2–13 (2010) Ex. 1030. 
7 Papadopoulos et al. (US 7,374,758 B2, May 20, 2008) (“Papadopolous”) 
Ex. 1010. 
8 Dix et al., (US 2006/0217311 A1, May 20, 2008) (“Dix”) Ex. 1033. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
7 
 
 
E. 
The ’069 Patent 
The ’069 patent is directed to methods for treating angiogenic eye 
disorders by sequentially administering multiple doses of a vascular 
epithelial growth factor (“VEGF”) antagonist to a patient. Ex. 1001, Abstr. 
These methods include the administration of multiple doses of a VEGF 
antagonist to a patient at a frequency of once every 8 or more weeks, and are 
useful for the treatment of angiogenic eye disorders such as, inter alia, age 
related macular degeneration. Id. 
In an exemplary embodiment, a single “initial dose” of VEGF 
antagonist (“VEGFT”) is administered at the beginning of the treatment 
regimen (i.e., at “week 0”), two “secondary doses” are administered at 
weeks 4 and 8, respectively, and at least six “tertiary doses” are administered 
once every 8 weeks thereafter, i.e., at weeks 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, etc.). 
Ex. 1001 col. 2, ll. 56–62. 
 
F. 
Representative Claim 
Claim 1 is the sole independent claim of the ’069 patent, and recites: 
1. 
A method for treating an angiogenic eye disorder in a 
patient, 
said 
method 
comprising 
sequentially 
administering to the patient a single initial dose of a VEGF 
antagonist, followed by one or more secondary doses of 
the VEGF antagonist, followed by one or more tertiary 
doses of the VEGF antagonist; 
 
wherein each secondary dose is administered 2 to 4 weeks 
after the immediately preceding dose; and wherein 
each tertiary dose is administered on an as needed/ 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
8 
 
 
pro re nata (PRN) basis, based on visual and/or 
anatomical outcomes as assessed by a physician or 
other qualified medical professional; 
 
wherein the VEGF antagonist is a receptor-based chimeric 
molecule comprising (1) a VEGFRl component 
comprising amino acids 27 to 129 of SEQ ID NO:2; 
(2) a VEGFR2 component comprising amino acids 
130–231 
of 
SEQ 
ID 
NO:2; 
and 
(3) 
a 
multimerization component comprising amino 
acids 232–457 of SEQ ID NO:2. 
 
 
Ex. 1001, col. 21, ll. 42–60. 
 
G. 
Prosecution History of the ’069 Patent 
 
The ’069 patent issued from U.S. Application Ser. No. 14/972,560 
(the “’560 application”) filed on December 17, 2015, and claims the priority 
benefit of, inter alia, provisional Application Ser. No. Provisional 
application No. 61/432,245, which was filed on Jan. 13, 2011. Ex. 1001, 
code (60). 
The claims of the ’069 patent, including claims 1 and 8–12 were 
allowed on March 6, 2017, and the patent issued on June 6, 2017. Ex. 1017, 
162; Ex. 1001, code (45). 
 
II. ANALYSIS 
 
A. 
Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
 
Before turning to our analysis proper of the patentability of claims 
1 and 8–12 of the ’069 patent, we address the parties’ Motions to Exclude 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
9 
 
 
Evidence, turning first to Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude. (“Pet. Mot. 
Exclude”). Paper 76. Patent Owner has filed an Opposition to the Motion to 
Exclude (“PO Opp.,” Paper 79) and Petitioner has filed a Reply (“Pet. Reply 
MTE,” Paper 81). 
 
Specifically, Petitioner seeks to exclude Exhibits 2059, 2060, 2073, 
2096, and 2128, and portions of Exhibits 2048–50 (collectively, the 
“challenged Exhibits”). Pet. Mot. Exclude 1. Petitioner notes that it timely 
objected to these exhibits through written objections (Paper 40) and/or 
during deposition. Id. Petitioner asserts that, in response to Petitioner’s 
objections, Patent Owner served the declaration of Ms. Doris Weber 
(Ex. 2131), Patent Owner’s in-house, senior litigation support specialist, to 
authenticate Exhibits 2059–60, 2073, and 2128 as being “true and correct” 
copies. Id. at 2. 
 
1. 
Exclusion under Fed. R. Evid. 901 
 
Petitioner first argues that challenged Exhibits 2059, 2060, 2073, 
2096, and 2128 are not properly authenticated, as required by Federal Rule 
of Evidence 901. Pet. Mot. Exclude 1. Petitioner argues that Ms. Weber is 
not a custodian of these exhibits, and has no personal knowledge of the 
creation, authorship, maintenance, or modification of any of the exhibits or 
the underlying documents from which they were prepared. Id. at 2. 
Therefore, Petitioner asserts, Ms. Weber’s declaration does not “satisfy the 
requirement of authenticating or identifying an item of evidence under Fed. 
R. Evid. 901(a). Id. (citing Riverbed Tech., Inc v. Realtime Data LLC, 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
10 
 
 
IPR2016-00978, Paper 67 at 39–41 (PTAB Oct. 30, 2017); TRW Auto. U.S. 
LLC v. Magna Elecs., IPR2014-01348, Paper 25 at 5–12 (PTAB Jan. 15, 
2016). Petitioner argues that none of the Exhibits are self-authenticating 
under Fed. R. Evid. 902, and that Exhibits 2060 and 2128 are incomplete 
and/or excerpted versions of un-produced, allegedly confidential originals, 
which, Petitioner contends, casts further doubt on their authenticity and 
reliability. Id. at 3. 
 
Specifically, Petitioner contends, with respect to Exhibit 2060, that 
Ms. Weber could not authenticate the Exhibit, and that Patent Owner’s 
declarant, Dr. Del Priore testified that Exhibit 2060 fails to identify which 
clinical trial the data come from. Pet. Mot. Exclude 5 (citing Ex. 1111, 175–
176). Petitioner notes that Dr. Del Priore also testified that he “[did not] 
know the source of the document” and refused to answer questions relating 
to Exhibit 2060 due to his lack of personal knowledge. Id. at 5–6 (citing 
Ex. 111, 175, 174–190). 
 
Concerning Exhibit 2073, Petitioner similarly argues that 
Ms. Weber’s declaration fails to authenticate Exhibit 2073, and that Patent 
Owner’s expert, Dr. Klibanov, was also unable to authenticate Exhibit 2073. 
Pet. Mot. Exclude 7. Petitioner also notes that, at deposition, Dr. Klibanov 
could not answer foundational questions about Exhibit 2073. Id. Petitioner 
asserts that Patent Owner has produced no credible evidence to support a 
finding that Exhibit 2073 is in fact what its expert claims it is. Id. at 8. 
 
Petitioner alleges that challenged Exhibit 2128, a confidential (filed 
under seal), non-public compilation of the VIEW protocol signature pages, 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
11 
 
 
should be excluded under Rule 901 because no witness with personal 
knowledge has authenticated it. Pet. Mot. Exclude 8. Nor, Petitioner 
contends, is there evidence that it is an accurate compilation of excerpts as 
they existed at the time of creation or regarding the maintenance of the 
documents in the 13–15 years since their alleged creation. Id. at 8–9 (citing 
Riverbed, IPR2016-00978, Paper 67 at 39–41; TRW, IPR2014-01348, Paper 
25 at 5–12). 
 
Petitioner argues that Exhibit 2096, a confidential (filed under seal), 
non-public document alleged to be a clinical study agreement between 
Vitreoretinal Consultants and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., should be 
excluded under Rule 901. Pet. Mot. Exclude 10 (citing Ex. 1110, 59–62). 
Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s declarant, Dr. Brown, admitted at his 
deposition that he did not sign the Exhibit 2096 agreement, nor could he 
answer foundational questions about it. Id. Consequently, Petitioner argues, 
Exhibit 2096 should be excluded as unauthenticated. Id. 
 
Patent Owner responds that, in her sworn declaration, Ms. Weber 
explained that she has personal knowledge of the facts recited therein, and 
that each of the Weber Exhibits is a true and correct copy of what it purports 
to be. PO Opp. 2 (citing Ex. 2131 ¶ 1). Patent Owner explains that, at 
Petitioner’s request, Ms. Weber appeared for deposition, where she testified 
as to the processes whereby she confirmed the authenticity of the Exhibits. 
Id. According to Patent Owner, Ms. Weber explained that she personally 
collected the documents addressed in her declaration from Regeneron 
systems, reviewed them, and confirmed that they are true and correct copies 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
12 
 
 
kept in accordance with Regeneron’s procedures. Id. (citing, e.g., Ex. 1150 
at 25–26, 29–30, 34, 41, 42–43).9 Patent Owner notes that, where possible, 
Ms. Weber also personally confirmed these details with individual 
custodians. Id. (citing, e.g., Ex. 1150, 35–37, 40, 44–45). 
Petitioner contends that Ms. Weber need not have personally authored 
or maintained the documents in order to serve as an authenticating witness. 
PO Opp. 3 (citing, e.g., Comcast Cable Comms., LLC v. Veveo, Inc., 
IPR2019-002990, 2020 WL 4687062 at *28 (PTAB Aug. 12, 2020)). 
Furthermore, argues Patent Owner, Petitioner’s assertion that certain of the 
authenticated Weber Exhibits are “incomplete and/or excerpted versions of 
unproduced” originals is unsupported—and in some cases directly 
contradicted by the record. Id. (citing, e.g., IPR2021-00881, Ex. 1150, 32). 
 
Specifically, Patent Owner contends that Ms. Weber, who spoke with 
the custodian of Exhibit 2060 in preparation for her deposition, authenticated 
the Exhibit. PO Opp. 5 (citing IPR2021-00881, Ex. 1150 at 31–33. 35–37; 
see also Ex. 2131 ¶ 3). Petitioner contends that it is not necessary that its 
 
 
9 Petitioner deposed Ms. Weber in this proceeding, but only filed that 
deposition transcript in the parallel proceeding, Mylan Pharms. Inc. v. 
Regeneron Pharms., Inc., IPR2021-00881. Consequently, our citations to 
Ms. Weber’s deposition transcript reference Exhibit 1150 in IPR2021-
00881. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
13 
 
 
declarant, Dr. Del Priore, separately authenticate, or have personal 
knowledge of, this Exhibit. Id. 
 
Similarly, Patent Owner contends that Exhibit 2073 was authenticated 
by Ms. Weber, and that Dr. Klibanov need not separately authenticate this 
document or have “firsthand knowledge” of the experiments it describes, to 
satisfy the requirements of Rule 901. PO Opp. 6 (citing Ex. 2131 ¶ 4; 
IPR2021-00881, Ex. 1150, 40–41). 
 
With respect to Exhibit 2128, Patent Owner contends that, in addition 
to the authentication by Ms. Weber, Patent Owner’s declarant Dr. Brown 
testified at deposition that: (1) he personally recognizes the Exhibit as an 
Investigator’s Agreement; (2) he was a principal investigator for the trial; 
(3) Exhibit 2128 is signed by Dr. Brown’s partner, who was the other 
principal investigator; and (4) Dr. Brown’s practice retains a copy of the 
agreement that is Exhibit 2128, which is stored at Iron Mountain. PO Opp. 7 
(citing Ex. 1110, 62–63). Patent Owner notes that Dr. Brown expressly 
confirmed that Exhibit 2128 “is our document, from my institution.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1110, 63). Similarly, Patent Owner contends, Dr. Brown testified 
that Exhibit 2096 is a Clinical Study Agreement between Dr. Brown’s 
institution, Vitreoretinal Consultants of Houston, and Regeneron. Id. (citing 
Ex. 2050 ¶ 71). Patent Owner asserts that Dr. Brown further testified that he 
has personal knowledge of Exhibit 2096 (because he was the principal 
investigator in the associated clinical study), that his partner signed 
Exhibit 2096 (the Clinical Study Agreement), and that his practice 
maintained a copy of Exhibit 2096 at Iron Mountain in accordance with their 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
14 
 
 
regular, FDA-mandated document retention policies. Id. at 9 (citing 
Ex. 1110, 59–62). 
 
Petitioner replies that the deposition testimony of Ms. Weber revealed 
authentication deficiencies. Pet. Reply MTE 1. By way of example, 
Petitioner points to Ms. Weber’s lack of personal knowledge concerning the 
author of Exhibit 2059 and the circumstances under which the document was 
signed. Id. at 1–3 (citing IPR2021-00881, Ex. 1150, 19–29). Furthermore, 
argues Petitioner, when asked what actions she took “to ensure that [the 
exhibits were] true and correct cop[ies],” Ms. Weber testified she “had no 
doubt” that they were, based solely on the fact that she “reviewed them.” Id. 
(citing IPR2021-00881, Ex. 1150, 30). Ms. Weber’s position and dates of 
employment at Patent Owner did not provide her with knowledge of Patent 
Owner’s document creation and record-keeping procedure for these exhibits. 
Id. (citing IPR2021-00881, Ex. 1150, 33–37; Kolmes v. World Fibers Corp., 
107 F.3d 1534, 1542–43 (Fed. Cir. 1997)). Petitioner also notes that Ms. 
Weber did not speak to any of the custodians until after she submitted her 
declaration, allegedly further undermining the reliability of her sworn 
declaration attesting as to her personal knowledge of the facts and that each 
Weber Exhibit is a true and correct copy. Id. at 4 (citing IPR2021-00881, 
Ex. 1150, 129). 
 
Petitioner argues further that Patent Owner’s reliance on Dr. Brown as 
an additional source of authentication for Exhibit 2128 only undermines the 
exhibit’s authenticity. Pet. Reply MTE 4. According to Petitioner, Patent 
Owner’s allegation that Dr. Brown confirmed that Exhibit 2128 “is [his] 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
15 
 
 
document, from [his] institution,” squarely contradicts its claim that 
Ms. Weber “personally collected” Exhibit 2128 “from Regeneron systems” 
and confirmed it was “kept in accordance with Regeneron’s procedures.” Id. 
(quoting PO Opp. 7, 2). Petitioner argues that, because it is unclear where 
Exhibit 2128 came from, Patent Owner has not met its burden to establish 
authenticity. Id. 
 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s argument that the challenged 
Exhibits are not authenticated. Federal Rule of Evidence 901 sets a 
relatively low bar for authentication. See Comcast, 2020 WL 4687062, at 
*28. Rule 901(a) states: “To satisfy the requirement of authenticating or 
identifying an item of evidence, the proponent must produce evidence 
sufficient to support a finding that the item is what the proponent claims it 
is.” Fed. R. Evid. 901(a). By way of example, Rule 901(b)(1) states that a 
witness with knowledge can provide authenticating testimony that an item is 
what it is claimed to be. Fed. R. 901(b)(1). 
 
Patent Owner contends that each of the challenged Exhibits 
constitutes an internal document in Patent Owner’s possession constituting: 
(1) a Regeneron sample analysis report (Ex. 2059); (2) a portion of the 
VIEW 1 Clinical Study Report (Ex. 2060); (3) a study from a Regeneron 
Sanofi Analytical Investigation Workshop (Ex. 2073); (4) Regeneron’s 
VIEW Protocol Signature Pages (Ex. 2128); and (5) a Clinical Study 
Agreement (Ex. 2096). Ms. Weber, in her capacity as a Senior Litigation 
Support Specialist with Patent Owner, has declared that the challenged 
Exhibits are “true and correct cop[ies]” of the original documents. Ex. 2131 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
16 
 
 
¶¶ 1–5. Furthermore, Ms. Weber has testified that the challenged Exhibits 
were stored on the server at Regeneron, that access to the servers was 
restricted, and that she collected them for the purpose of this proceeding. 
See, e.g., Ex. 1135, 26–31. Ms. Weber also testified that, in preparing her 
Declaration, she consulted with Ms. Karen Chu, custodian of Regeneron’s 
clinical strategy and execution, ophthalmology, to ascertain the location of 
the documents on Regeneron’s regulatory archive. Id., e.g., at 36–37. 
Ms. Weber also testified that she was not offering any testimony regarding 
the substance of the challenged Exhibits. Id., e.g., at 31. 
 
Similarly, with respect to Exhibits 2128 and 2096, we find that 
Dr. Brown is an individual with knowledge who can testify that these 
exhibits are what they purport to be. Dr. Brown’s ability to recognize and 
authenticate the Exhibits is based upon his personal recognition of the 
Exhibits as an Investigator’s Agreement, his involvement as a principal 
investigator for the trial, his recognition of the signature of his partner in 
practice, who was the other principal investigator, on Exhibit 2128, and the 
retention of a copy of Exhibit 2128 according to his practice of retaining 
such copies. See Ex. 1110, 62–63. 
 
We therefore conclude that Patent Owner has met the standard set 
forth in Rule 901(b)(1) of presenting a witness with knowledge to 
authenticate the challenged Exhibits as being true and correct copies of 
records that are in the possession of Patent Owner. As a Senior Litigation 
Support Specialist, working in consultation with a Regeneron custodian of 
records, and with access to the restricted Regeneron server where the 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
17 
 
 
Exhibits at issue are kept, Ms. Weber qualifies as a person with knowledge, 
under Rule 901(b)(1), that the Exhibits were true and correct copies of the 
records in Regeneron’s possession. Ms. Weber’s testimony does not speak to 
the substance of the challenged Exhibits, but merely that these are accurate 
copies of records that are in the possession of, and controlled by, Regeneron. 
As such, her testimony is sufficient to authenticate, under Federal Rule of 
Evidence 901, the challenged Exhibits as being what Patent Owner claims 
them to be. Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude the challenged Exhibits upon 
this ground is consequently denied. 
In addition to excluding the challenged Exhibits under Rule 901, 
Petitioner cites additional grounds for excluding certain exhibits. We 
consider each of these in turn. 
 
2. 
Exclusion under Fed. R. Evid. 402 and 403 
Petitioner moves to exclude challenged Exhibits 2059, 2060, 2073, 
and 2128 under Rule 402 as being irrelevant. Pet. Mot. Exclude 4, 6, 8, 9. 
Petitioner also moves to exclude challenged Exhibits 2060 and 2128 under 
Rule 403 as being unduly prejudicial. Id. at 6, 9. 
 
Petitioner asserts that Exhibits 2059, 2060, 2073, and 2128 are non-
publicly available, internal documents, and do not demonstrate the 
knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in the art or are irrelevant prior art 
teachings, and should therefore be excluded as irrelevant non-prior art under 
FRE 402. Pet. Mot. Exclude 4, 6, 8. Petitioner also notes that Patent Owner 
also fails to cite Exhibits 2059, 2060, and 2073 in its Preliminary Response, 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
18 
 
 
Response, or Sur-Reply (Papers 10, 39, 68), demonstrating that they do not 
have a tendency to make any fact of consequence more or less probable as 
Rule 401 requires and are therefore irrelevant to this proceeding. Id. (also 
citing SK Innovation Co. v. Celgard, LLC, IPR2014-00679, Paper 58, 49 
(PTAB Sept. 25, 2015). 
 
Petitioner also argues that any probative value of Exhibits 2060 and 
2128, which are excerpted from larger documents, is substantially 
outweighed by the dangers of unfair prejudice, confusion, and misleading 
the factfinder, because they could allegedly deny the factfinder a complete 
set of materials to judge the accuracy of its claim. Pet. Mot. Exclude 6, 9. 
 
Patent Owner argues that it relies on the challenged Exhibits 2059 and 
2073 not for their prior art teaching, but, rather, as illustrating the inherent 
variability in producing VEGF Trap-Eye. PO Opp. 4, 6 (citing Exhibit 2049 
at ¶¶ 91–96). Patent Owner also disputes Petitioner’s assertion that non-
prior art evidence is necessarily irrelevant. Id. (citing, e.g., Organik Kimya 
AS v. Rohm & Haas Co., 873 F.3d 887, 893-94 (Fed. Cir. 2017)). Similarly, 
Patent Owner argues that Exhibit 2060 is relied upon to rebut Petitioner’s 
arguments on inherent efficacy of the claimed dosing regimen. Id. at 5 
(citing Ex. 2048 ¶¶ 107–08). Patent Owner also contends that Petitioner’s 
assertion that Exhibit 2128 is irrelevant because it is a non-public document 
fails because Patent Owner and its expert rely on Exhibit 2128 precisely to 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
19 
 
 
show its confidentiality. Id. at 7 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2050 ¶ 71; PO Resp. 9–10, 
n.6). 
 
With respect to Rule 403, Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s 
assertion that Exhibit 2128 is unreliable or prejudicial as a “hand-picked 
excerpt” is wrong because Patent Owner’s declarant, Dr. Brown, expressly 
confirmed the authenticity of the Exhibit. PO Opp. 7 (citing Ex. 1110, 63). 
 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments that Exhibits 2059, 
2060, 2073, and 2128 should be excluded under Rule 402 as being 
irrelevant. We acknowledge Petitioner’s point that Exhibits 2059, 2060, and 
2073 are not cited in Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response, Response, or 
Sur-Reply. Nevertheless, they are cited in the various Declarations of Patent 
Owner’s experts. Specifically, Exhibit 2059 is cited by Dr. Klibanov (see 
Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 95, 97, 98, 101) and Dr. Del Priore (see Ex. 2048 ¶¶ 98, 99, 
100–103). Exhibit 2060 is also cited by Dr. Del Priore (see Ex. 2048 ¶ 107) 
and Dr. Del Priore also testified about the Exhibit at his deposition. See 
Ex. 1111, 174–175. Dr. Klibanov testified with respect to Exhibit 2073 at 
his deposition (see Ex. 1108, 198). Exhibit 2128 was cited in Dr. Brown’s 
Declaration (see Ex. 2050 ¶ 71), and Dr. Brown testified about the Exhibit in 
his deposition. See Ex. 1110, 62–63, 122. We consequently find that these 
Exhibits are relevant to this proceeding because these exhibits have a 
tendency to make a fact more or less probable. Fed. R. Evid. 401. 
 
Nor are we persuaded by Petitioner’s argument that Exhibits 2060 and 
2128 should be excluded under Rule 403 as unduly prejudicial. Rule 403 
states that “[t]he court may exclude relevant evidence if its probative value 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
20 
 
 
is substantially outweighed by a danger of one or more of the following: 
unfair prejudice, confusing the issues, misleading the jury, undue delay, 
wasting time, or needlessly presenting cumulative evidence.” Petitioner’s 
generalized allegation that “[a]llowing [Patent Owner] to cherry-pick a 
portion of a document denies the factfinder a complete set of materials to 
judge the accuracy of its claim” (see Pet. Mot. Exclude 6, 9) by itself, lacks 
particularity as to the potential unfair prejudice posed by admission of these 
particular Exhibits, particularly when weighed against the relatively minor, 
if relevant, role played by the Exhibits in Patent Owner’s arguments. We 
consequently deny Petitioner’s motion to exclude challenged Exhibits 2059, 
2060, 2073, and 2128 under Fed. R. Evid. 402 and/or 403. 
 
3. 
Exclusion under Fed. R. Evid. 802 
 
Finally, Petitioner urges us to exclude challenged Exhibits 2059, 
2060, 2128 and 2096 as inadmissible hearsay under Rule 802 because they 
constitute out-of-court statements offered for the truth of the matters 
asserted.10 Pet. Mot. Exclude 5, 6–7, 9, 10. 
 
 
10 Petitioner also moves to exclude Exhibit 2059 under Rule 801. Pet. Mot. 
Exclude 5. Rule 801 addresses “Definitions That Apply to This Article; 
Exclusions From Hearsay.” Petitioner makes no separate arguments for 
Rule 801, and we therefore address Petitioner’s combined Rules 801-802 
argument as being under Rule 802. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
21 
 
 
 
Patent Owner contends that Exhibit 2059 falls within the business 
records exception to the Rule, as demonstrated by Ms. Weber’s Declaration. 
PO Opp. MTE 3. Patent Owner states that Exhibit 2059 is a scientific report 
that was stored on Regeneron servers, and bears facial indications of 
trustworthiness (e.g., written on Regeneron letterhead and dated and signed 
by Dr. Koehler-Stec, a study director and Regeneron employee). Id. at 4 
(citing Ex. 2059; IPR2021-00881, Ex. 1150 at 24–26; Ex. 2131 ¶ 2). 
 
Patent Owner similarly argues that Exhibit 2060 is a clinical study 
protocol, stored in Regeneron’s regulatory archive, and bears facial indicia 
of trustworthiness (Regeneron protocol headers and file path information on 
each page), and was authenticated by Ms. Weber. PO Opp. MTE (citing 
Ex. 2060; Ex. 2131 ¶ 3; IPR2021-00881, Ex. 1150, 24–26). 
 
With respect to Exhibits 2128 and 2096, Patent Owner argues that 
Dr. Brown’s and Ms. Weber’s testimony support the position that the 
Exhibits falls within the business records exception under Rule 803. PO 
Opp. MTE 8–9. Patent Owner contends that both Exhibits 2128 and 2096 
were generated in the ordinary course of regularly conducted activity (i.e., a 
clinical investigation), was stored by Regeneron in its regulatory archives 
and by Dr. Brown’s practice at Iron Mountain, and bears facial indications 
of trustworthiness (i.e., dated signatures by Dr. Brown’s partner on every 
page). Id. (citing Ex. 1110, 62–63). 
 
Petitioner replies that Ms. Weber’s testimony does not demonstrate 
sufficient personal knowledge of Patent Owner’s business practices for her 
to testify regarding these practices. Pet. Reply MTE 5. According to 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
22 
 
 
Petitioner, Ms. Weber cannot testify about whether the records were made or 
kept in the course of a regularly conducted business activity because she was 
never a custodian of Patent Owner’s records or otherwise a qualified 
witness. Id. (citing Fed. R. Evid. 803(6) (stating that records of a regularly 
conducted activity must be “shown by the testimony of the custodian or 
another qualified witness”)). Similarly, Petitioner argues, Dr. Brown’s 
testimony regarding Exhibit 2128 fails for the same reason. Id. Petitioner 
asserts that Patent Owner’s reliance on Exhibits 2059, 2060, 2096, and 2128 
as either “scientific report[s]” or clinical trial documents does not support 
application of FRE 803(6). Id. (citing Corning Inc. v. DSM IP Assets B.V., 
IPR2013-00043, Paper 97 at 4–7 (PTAB May 1, 2014) (declining to invoke 
a Rule 803(6) exception to reports of scientific research/tests). 
 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments. Rule 803 states, in 
relevant part: 
The following are not excluded by the rule against hearsay, 
regardless of whether the declarant is available as a witness: 
…. 
(6) 
Records of a Regularly Conducted Activity. 
 
A record of an act, event, condition, opinion, or diagnosis 
if: 
 
(A) the record was made at or near the time by—or from 
information 
transmitted 
by—someone 
with 
knowledge; 
 
(B) the record was kept in the course of a regularly 
conducted activity of a business, organization, 
occupation, or calling, whether or not for profit; 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
23 
 
 
 
(C) making the record was a regular practice of that 
activity; 
 
(D) 
 all these conditions are shown by the testimony of 
the custodian or another qualified witness, or by a 
certification that complies with Rule 902(11) or 
(12) or with a statute permitting certification; and 
 
(E) neither the source of information nor the method or 
circumstances of preparation indicate a lack of 
trustworthiness. 
(emphasis added). 
 
Despite Petitioner’s invocation of Corning, we are not persuaded by 
its argument that challenged Exhibits 2059, 2060, 2096, and 2128 constitute 
inadmissible hearsay evidence. As an initial matter, Exhibits 2096 and 2128 
are not “laboratory notebooks” or “laboratory generated data of properties of 
compositions” of the sort that Corning finds to be inadmissible as hearsay. 
See Corning, IPR2013-00043, Paper 97 at 4. Rather, Patent Owner explains 
that those exhibits represent agreements between Regeneron and third-party 
investigators. See PO Opp. 8. Such an agreement between a pharmaceutical 
company and third-party investigators sounds more in contract than in 
“laboratory notebooks” and are typical of the sort of routine business 
conducted by such corporations. Moreover, the fact that such records were 
maintained in an access-restricted, searchable electronic archive of 
Regeneron, as well as in the records of Dr. Brown’s practice, also speaks to 
the routine nature of such records kept in the ordinary course of business. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
24 
 
 
See, e.g., Ex. 2131 ¶¶ 1–5. As such, we conclude that challenged Exhibits 
2128 and 2096 fall into the business records exception of 803(6). 
 
We also find that challenged Exhibits 2059 and 2060 are covered by 
Rule 803(6). These Exhibits are similarly not laboratory notebooks; rather, 
we agree with Patent Owner that these Exhibits are best characterized as 
sample analysis report and a clinical study report. See PO Opp. 3. These 
Exhibits were also stored in the Regeneron database of records and appear to 
be the type of report that would be routinely made by a pharmaceutical 
company to summarize and memorialize laboratory tests. 
That said, even laboratory notebooks, if kept as part of a company’s 
regular record keeping activity, may well fall into the exception to the 
hearsay rule of 803(6)(B). See, e.g., Shu-Hui Chen v. Bouchard, 
347 F.3d 1299, 1313 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (holding that laboratory notebooks are 
admissible when “it was the regular practice to keep research notebooks” 
(citing Air Land Forwarders, Inc. v. United States, 172 F.3d 1338, 1344 
(Fed. Cir. 1999)); see also Conoco v. Dep’t of Energy, 99 F.3d 387, 391 
(Fed. Cir. 1996) (stating that “[b]ecause of the general trustworthiness of 
regularly kept records and the need for such evidence in many cases, the 
business records exception has been construed generously in favor of 
admissibility”)). 
 
We consequently conclude that Petitioner has failed to demonstrate 
that challenged Exhibits 2059, 2060, 2128, and 2096 should be excluded as 
inadmissible hearsay under Fed. R. Evid. 802. 
 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
25 
 
 
4. 
Conclusion 
 
We conclude that Petitioner has failed to demonstrate that challenged 
Exhibits 2059, 2060, 2073, 2096, and 2128 should be excluded. 
Furthermore, because we so conclude, we also decline to exclude the 
corresponding portions of Declaration Exhibits 2048, 2049, and 2050 relying 
on those exhibits. Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is consequently DENIED. 
 
B. 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
We next turn to Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude. (“PO Mot. 
Exclude”). Paper 77. Petitioner has filed an Opposition to the Motion to 
Exclude (“Pet. Opp.,” Paper 78) and Patent Owner has filed a Reply (“PO 
Reply MTE,” Paper 80). 
Patent Owner moves to exclude Exhibits 1118, 1121, 1124 in their 
entirety, and portions of Petitioner’s Reply (Paper 56). Pet. Mot. 1, 13. 
Petitioner opposes the motion. Pet. Opp. MTE 1. 
 
1. 
Petitioners’ Reply 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioners’ Reply improperly contains a 
new argument that VEGF Trap-Eye was publicly distributed before the 
critical date. PO. Mot. Exclude 1–2 (citing Pet. Reply 22, 29). According to 
Patent Owner, that argument by Petitioners should be excluded as it attempts 
to alter the grounds presented in the Petition. Id. at 5–6. Patent Owner 
requests, as an alternative to excluding the Reply argument that we strike it. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
26 
 
 
See id. at 3 n.3 (asserting that “[i]f the Board deems appropriate, this portion 
of Patent Owner’s motion to exclude may be treated as a motion to strike.”). 
We deny the motion to exclude the referenced argument in 
Petitioners’ Reply, as well as the invitation to consider the motion as one to 
strike the argument. As Patent Owner notes in the motion, Patent Owner 
raised this issue previously in this proceeding. PO Mot. Exclude 5. At that 
time, we denied Patent Owner’s request for authorization to file a motion to 
strike the referenced argument in the Reply. It is improper for Patent Owner 
to now seek to strike the argument in a motion to exclude. A motion to 
exclude is not the proper vehicle to address arguments or evidence that a 
party believes exceeds the proper scope of a reply. See USPTO, 
Consolidated Trial Practice Guide (2019) at 79, available at: 
https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/tpgnov.pdf?MURL= 
(last visited October 27, 2022) (“CTPG”). Moreover, as Petitioners 
correctly assert, Patent Owner has failed to satisfy the prerequisite for filing 
a motion to exclude by failing to timely file an objection. See 37 C.F.R. 
42.64(b)(1); CTPG 78–79. 
Patent Owner has not been left without an opportunity to address the 
Reply argument. When we denied authorization to file a motion to strike, 
we authorized Patent Owner to file, with its Sur-Reply, a table identifying 
any portion of the Reply that Patent Owner considers to have exceeded the 
scope of the Reply. Further, we explained that Patent Owner, alternatively, 
may address that contention, or the merits of any newly-raised arguments or 
evidence in its Sur-Reply. Indeed, Patent Owner addressed the issue in its 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
27 
 
 
Sur-Reply for our consideration. Thus, Patent Owner had sufficient 
opportunity to identify in its Sur-Reply its contentions regarding Petitioners’ 
allegedly inappropriate Reply argument and took advantage of that 
opportunity. That is sufficient for us to consider the issue and determine 
whether such argument should be disregarded. See CTPG 80. 
Patent Owner also alleges that Petitioner attempts to make no 
arguments with respect to Ground 4 by arguing for the first time on Reply 
that Dixon’s prospective disclosure of the intended 2-year dosing regimen of 
VIEW’s 2Q8 arm (3 monthly loading doses, followed by fixed Q8 dosing 
through the end of Year 1, followed by PRN dosing in Year 2) anticipates 
the challenged claims. PO Mot. Exclude 6. Similarly, Patent Owner argues 
that Petitioner improperly alters its Ground 5 obviousness arguments, using 
several new theories raised for the first time on Reply. Id. 
As with Patent Owner’s prior arguments, we determine that Patent 
Owner had sufficient opportunity to identify in its Sur-Reply its contentions 
regarding Petitioners’ allegedly inappropriate Reply argument. Indeed, 
Patent Owner has done so. See, e.g., Sur-Reply 28. That is sufficient for us 
to consider the issue and determine whether such argument should be 
disregarded. See CTPG 80. 
 
2. 
Exhibits 1118, 1121 and 1124 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioners’ Exhibits 1118, 1121 and 1124 
should be excluded because they are not cited in the pleadings and are 
irrelevant. PO Mot. Exclude 9 (citing Fed. R. Evid. 402). Additionally, 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
28 
 
 
Patent Owner seeks to exclude certain paragraphs in the declarations of 
Drs. Albini and Gerritsen that Patent Owner asserts are not cited in the 
pleadings. Id. at 6–7 (citing portions of Ex. 1002, Ex. 1003 and Ex. 1137). 
According to Patent Owner, the referenced declaration paragraphs were not 
relied upon by Petitioners and should be excluded as irrelevant. Id. 
We dismiss as moot the motion to exclude Exhibits 1118, 1121 and 
1124. Because Exhibits 1118, 1121 and 1124 were not cited or relied upon 
by Petitioners, we have not considered them in rendering our Final Written 
Decision. Accordingly, we dismiss the motion as moot with regard to these 
exhibits. 
We deny the motion to exclude the identified paragraphs of the 
declarations of Dr. Albini (Ex. 1002) and Dr. Gerritsen (Ex. 1003). Each 
declaration has been cited in pleadings. Although every paragraph in the 
declarations of these expert may not be cited in pleadings, those portions of 
the declaration may serve to provide context for the cited paragraphs, or the 
testimony as a whole. Indeed, as Petitioners note, and Patent Owner does 
not dispute, some of the challenged portions of the declaration testimony 
that Patent Owner seeks to exclude are referenced in the declaration 
testimony of another expert. See, e.g., Pet. Opp. MTE 13; PO Reply 4. 
Further, we do not find that Patent Owner has established that keeping the 
complete declaration testimony of these experts in the record to be unduly 
prejudicial under Fed. R. Evid. 403. It is unclear how Patent Owner alleges 
that Petitioners could use the evidence in the future. It is also unclear and 
unpersuasive that keeping the referenced paragraphs in the record serves to 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
29 
 
 
clutter the record in a prejudicial manner. In any event, we do not find that 
Patent Owner has met its burden of proof to establish that the identified 
paragraphs of the declarants’ testimony should be excluded as irrelevant. 
 
C. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have an advanced degree, such as an M.D. or Ph.D. (or equivalent, or less 
education but considerable professional experience in the medical, 
biotechnological, or pharmaceutical field). Pet. 25. Such a person, 
Petitioner asserts, would have practical academic or medical experience in 
(i) developing treatments for angiogenic eye disorders (such as AMD), 
including through the use of VEGF antagonists, or (ii) treating of angiogenic 
eye disorders (such as AMD), including through the use of VEGF 
antagonists. Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 26–28). 
 
Patent Owner disagrees with Petitioner’s definition of a person of 
ordinary skill in the art, contending that, for purposes of the ’069 Patent, a 
skilled artisan would be an ophthalmologist with experience in treating 
angiogenic eye disorders, including through the use of VEGF antagonists. 
PO Resp. 7–8, n.4. Patent Owner states, however, that it does not believe 
that the parties’ differing definitions of a person of ordinary skill in the art 
matter for any argument in this Patent Owner’s Response. Id. 
We find that Petitioner’s definition is the better definition for purposes 
of this proceeding. We acknowledge that the claims of the ’069 patent are 
directed to a “method for treating an angiogenic eye disorder in a patient” 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
30 
 
 
and that the actual practice of the method would therefore seem to be limited 
to those who have the ability to treat patients, i.e., physicians, etc. However, 
we find Patent Owner’s definition to be unduly limiting. Individuals who 
are involved in drug development or sub-clinical level testing of drugs for 
treating eye disorders may be extremely knowledgeable about the 
development of the treatment of eye disorders and drug development, and 
able to comprehend and evaluate the teachings of the prior art. See, e.g., Pet. 
25. Such individuals might not possess an M.D. degree, but instead possess 
a Ph.D. in a “biotechnological, or pharmaceutical field,” or a lesser degree 
with a corresponding increased depth of experience, as suggested by 
Petitioner. We agree that such individuals should be considered persons of 
ordinary skill in the art. 
We also find that Petitioner’s definition is commensurate with the 
level of skill reflected in the prior art. See, e.g., Exs. 1006, 1010, 1030, 
1033; see also Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) 
(explaining that specific findings regarding ordinary skill level are not 
required “where the prior art itself reflects an appropriate level and a need 
for testimony is not shown” (quoting Litton Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State 
Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 1985))). We consequently adopt 
Petitioner’s definition of a person of ordinary skill in the art has having an 
M.D. or Ph.D. or equivalent, or less education but considerable professional 
experience in the medical, biotechnological, or pharmaceutical field, and 
having practical academic or medical experience in developing treatments 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
31 
 
 
for angiogenic eye disorders or treating angiogenic eye disorders including 
through the use of VEGF antagonists. 
 
D. 
Claim construction 
 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard that would be 
used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). See 37 
C.F.R. § 100(b) (2020). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally 
given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 
415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). “In determining the 
meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic 
evidence of record, examining the claim language itself, the written 
description, and the prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. 
v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) 
(citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–17). Extrinsic evidence is “less significant 
than the intrinsic record in determining ‘the legally operative meaning of 
claim language.’” Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1317 (quoting C.R. Bard, Inc. v. U.S. 
Surgical Corp., 388 F.3d 858, 862 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
Petitioner advances proposed claim constructions for the claim terms 
“initial dose,” “secondary dose,” and “tertiary dose,” “4 weeks” and “pro re 
nata,” “VEGFR1 component,” “VEGFR2 component,” and 
“multimerization component.” Pet. 15–19. We consider each in turn. 
 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
32 
 
 
1. 
“initial dose,” “secondary dose,” and “tertiary dose” 
 
Petitioner urges us to adopt the definitions of these claim terms as 
they are expressly set forth in the Specification of the ’069 patent: 
The terms “initial dose,” “secondary doses,” and “tertiary doses,” 
refer to the temporal sequence of administration of the VEGF 
antagonist. Thus, the “initial dose” is the dose which is 
administered at the beginning of the treatment regimen (also 
referred to as the “baseline dose”); the “secondary doses” are the 
doses which are administered after the initial dose; and the 
“tertiary doses” are the doses which are administered after the 
secondary doses. The initial, secondary, and tertiary doses may 
all contain the same amount of VEGF antagonist, but will 
generally differ from one another in terms of frequency of 
administration. In certain embodiments, however, the amount of 
VEGF antagonist contained in the initial, secondary and/or 
tertiary doses will vary from one another (e.g., adjusted up or 
down as appropriate) during the course of treatment. 
Ex. 1001, col. 3, ll. 34–48. 
 
Patent Owner does not propose claim construction positions for these 
terms because construction of these terms is not necessary to resolve the 
arguments presented in Mylan’s Petition. PO Resp. 8 (citing Nidec Motor 
Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017)). 
 
We agree that it is unnecessary to construe these claim terms in view 
of the express definitions set forth in the Specification. DePuy, 469 F.3d at 
1014. Because the claim terms are undisputed, we adopt the definition of 
the claim terms “initial dose,” “secondary dose,” and “tertiary dose” as 
expressly defined by the Specification of the ’069 patent. Nidec, 868 F.3d at 
1017. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
33 
 
 
 
2. 
“four weeks,” “pro re nata,” “VEGFR1 component,” “VEGFR2 
component,” and “multimerization component” 
 
Petitioner argues that a skilled artisan would understand “4 weeks” as 
“monthly” administration. Pet. 18 (citing Ex. 1001, col. 7, ll. 58–59 
(“‘[M]onthly’ dosing is equivalent to dosing once every four weeks.”), 
col. 14, ll. 47–48 (patients received “monthly injections,” which “means 
patients who received . . . injections once every four weeks”); Ex. 1002 
¶ 41). 
 
Petitioner proposes that the claim term “pro re nata” be defined as 
“as-needed,” as expressly recited in the claims. Pet. 19 (citing Ex. 1001 col. 
21, ll. 50–51 (“administered on an as-needed/pro re nata (PRN) basis”)). 
Petitioner contends that the use of the term in the ’069 patent’s Specification 
is consistent with the claim language and with the term’s use among skilled 
artisans. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, col. 14, l. 43, col. 16, ll. 9–49; Ex. 1002 ¶ 43). 
 
Petitioner proposes that “VEGFR1 component,” “VEGFR2 
component,” and “multimerization component” all refer to separate amino 
acid domains of recited SEQ ID NO:2. Pet. 19. According to Petitioner, a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would understand these terms to 
collectively refer to aflibercept (i.e., VEGF Trap, VEGF Trap-Eye, or 
VEGFR1R2-FcΔC1(a)). Id. (citing Ex. 1001, col. 2, ll. 34–38; Ex. 1002 
¶ 39). 
 
Patent Owner does not contest Petitioner’s proposed claim 
construction for these terms because, it contends, that the Board does not 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
34 
 
 
need to construe these terms to resolve the arguments presented in this POR. 
PO Resp. 9 
 
Because we find that, upon review of the record before us, that it is 
unnecessary to construe any of these claim terms to resolve the issues 
presented in this proceeding, we decline to construe these claim terms. 
Nidec, 868 F.3d at 1017. 
 
3. 
Assessed by physician or qualified medical professional 
 
Patent Owner argues that the limitation of claim 1 reciting “assessed 
by a physician or other qualified medical professional” is a positive 
limitation of the claim that should be accorded patentable weight. PO Resp. 
7–8. Petitioner disagrees, contending that the term is “a pure mental step.” 
Pet. Reply 6 (citing King Pharms., Inc. v. Eon Labs, Inc., 616 F.3d 1267, 
1278 (Fed. Cir. 2010). 
 
We find that it is not necessary, for the purposes of this inter partes 
review, to determine whether this limitation should be accorded patentable 
weight. The limitation plays no substantial part in either parties’ arguments, 
nor in our analysis below. See generally, Pet., PO Resp., Pet. Reply, Sur-
Reply. Neither party disputes that when the claimed method is practiced, a 
physician or other qualified medical professional will be overseeing the 
treatment of an angiogenic eye disorder in a patient. We consequently 
decline to address this issue. See Nidec, 868 F.3d at 1017 (explaining it is 
only necessary to “construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and only to the 
extent necessary to resolve the controversy’”). 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
35 
 
 
 
E. 
Patentability: Principles of Law 
To prevail in its challenges to the patentability of all claims of the 
’069 patent, Petitioners must demonstrate by a preponderance of the 
evidence that the claims are unpatentable. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.1(d) (2019). “In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden 
from the onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid. Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 
(Fed. Cir. 2016); see also 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (2012) (requiring inter 
partes review petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that 
supports the grounds for the challenge to each claim”). That burden of 
persuasion never shifts to Patent Owner. Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l 
Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015); see also In re 
Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1375–78 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(discussing the burden of proof in inter partes review). 
“A claim is anticipated only if each and every element as set forth in 
the claim is found, either expressly or inherently described, in a single prior 
art reference.” Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharms, 339 F.3d 1373 (Fed. Cir. 
2003) (quoting Verdegaal Bros., Inc. v. Union Oil Co. of Cal., 814 F.2d 628, 
631 (Fed. Cir. 1987)). It is well settled that “a reference can anticipate a 
claim even if it ‘d[oes] not expressly spell out’ all the limitations arranged or 
combined as in the claim, if a person of skill in the art, reading the reference, 
would ‘at once envisage’ the claimed arrangement or combination.” 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
36 
 
 
Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 1381 (Fed. 
Cir. 2015) (quoting In re Petering, 301 F.2d 676, 681 (1962)) 
. 
F. 
Grounds I and IV: Anticipation of claims 1 and 9–12 by Dixon 
 
Ground I of the Petition argues that claims 1 and 9–12 are anticipated 
by Dixon. Pet. 8. Ground IV also argues claims 1 and 9–12 are anticipated 
by Dixon or, alternatively, are obvious over Dixon. Id. Ground IV also 
adds claim 8 as being anticipated and/or obvious. Id. In its response, Patent 
Owner contends, with respect to Ground I and IV, that the claims are not 
anticipated because Petitioner allegedly fails to demonstrate that VEGF 
Trap-Eye, as disclosed by Dixon, was known to correspond to claimed SEQ 
ID NO:1 or SEQ ID NO:2. PO Resp. 9–21. With respect to Ground IV, 
Patent Owner argues that Dixon neither anticipates nor renders obvious the 
challenged claims because Dixon fails to teach or suggest the claimed dosing 
schedules. Id. at 22–27. Because both Grounds I and IV each rely on Dixon 
as anticipating claims 1 and 9–12, albeit for different reasons, as we have 
explained, in Grounds I and IV, we address together both of Patent Owner’s 
arguments with respect to both Grounds I and IV. We then consider whether 
claims 1 and 9–12 are obvious over Dixon. Finally, we address claim 8 
separately. 
 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
37 
 
 
1. 
Overview of Dixon 
Dixon was published in October, 2009, and is prior art to the ’069 
patent. Ex. 1006, 1573. Dixon discloses that a new drug for the treatment of 
age-related macular degeneration (“AMD”) is aflibercept (“VEGF 
Trap-Eye”), a fusion protein that blocks all isoforms of VEGF-A and 
placental growth factors-1 and -2. Id. Abstr. Dixon discloses that VEGF 
Trap-Eye is a novel anti-VEGF therapy, with Phase I and II trial data 
indicating safety, tolerability and efficacy for the treatment of neovascular 
AMD. Id. 
 
Relevantly, Dixon discloses that, structurally, VEGF Trap-Eye is a 
fusion protein consisting of key binding domains of human VEGFR-1 and -2 
combined with a human IgG Fe fragment. Ex. 1006, 1575, Fig. 1. Dixon 
also discloses the PrONTO, CLEAR-IT-1, CLEAR-IT-2, and VIEW 
1/VIEW 2 clinical trials. Id. at 1574–76, Ex. 1002 ¶ 74. Dixon identifies 
“[d]esirable attributes for emerging therapies for neovascular AMD include 
higher visual improvement rates and decreased dosing intervals” as a 
motivation for the “development of new drugs for neovascular AMD . . . 
focused on both improving efficacy and extending duration of action,” 
Ex. 1006, 1574, 1577; Ex. 1002 ¶ 78. 
 
Dixon further discloses results from the phase II clinical trial CLEAR-
IT-2, which included four monthly doses (at weeks 0, 4, 8 and 12) followed 
by pro re nata (“PRN”) administration. Ex. 1006, 1576. Dixon reports that 
CLEAR-IT-2 subjects treated with that regimen exhibited mean 
improvement in visual acuity of nine letters and a mean decrease in retinal 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
38 
 
 
thickness of 143 μm. Id.; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 79–80. Dixon further reports that 
“patients dosed at 2.0 mg during the initial monthly dosing period required 
1.6 injections on average during the p.r.n. dosing phase.” Ex. 1006, 1577. 
Dixon discloses that, in the CLEAR-IT-2 trial: 
Two groups received monthly doses of either 0.5 or 2.0 mg for 
12 weeks (at weeks 0, 4, 8 and 12) and three groups received 
quarterly doses of either 0.5, 2.0 or 4.0 mg for 12 weeks (at weeks 
0 and 12). Following this fixed dosing period, patients were 
treated with the same dose of VEGF Trap-Eye on a p.r.n. basis. 
Criteria for re-dosing included an increase in central retinal 
thickness of ≥ 100 μm by OCT, a loss of ≥ 5 ETDRS letters in 
conjunction with recurrent fluid by OCT, persistent fluid as 
indicated by OCT, new onset classic neovascularization, new or 
persistent leak on FA or new macular subretinal hemorrhage. 
Id. at 1576. Dixon also discloses that “[p]atients initially treated with 2.0 or 
0.5 mg of VEGF TrapEye monthly achieved mean improvements of 9.0 (p < 
0.0001) and 5.4 (p < 0.085) Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study 
(“ETDRS”) letters with 29 and 19% gaining, respectively, ≥ 15 ETDRS 
letters at 52 weeks.” Id. 
 
Dixon also describes the then-ongoing VIEW 1/VIEW 2 phase III 
clinical trials. Ex. 1006, 1576. Dixon discloses that, with respect to the 
VIEW 1 trial: 
This non-inferiority study will evaluate the safety and efficacy of 
intravitreal VEGF Trap-Eye at doses of 0.5 and 2.0 mg 
administered at 4-week dosing intervals and 2.0 mg at an 8 week 
dosing interval (following three monthly doses), compared with 
0.5 mg of ranibizumab administered every 4 weeks. After the 
first year of the study, patients will enter a second year of p.r.n. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
39 
 
 
dosing evaluation. The VIEW 2 study has a similar study 
design…. 
Id. (internal citations omitted). 
 
2. 
Petitioner’s contentions of invalidity against claims 1 and 9–12 on the 
grounds of anticipation by Dixon 
 
a. 
Claim 1 
Petitioner argues that the disclosures of Dixon teach each of the 
limitations of independent claim 1 and dependent claims 9–12. Pet. 26–33. 
Petitioner has provided a claim chart of the limitations of claim 1, and what 
it contends are the corresponding disclosures of Dixon that teach those 
limitations, which, for convenience, is reproduced below: 
Claim 1 
Dixon 
1. A method for treating an angiogenic 
eye disorder in a patient 
“VEGF Trap-Eye is a novel anti-VEGF 
therapy, with Phase I and Phase II trial 
data indicating safety, 
tolerability and efficacy for the 
treatment of [AMD].” (Ex. 1006, 1573; 
id., 1575). 
 
“Phase I data demonstrated acceptable 
safety and tolerability of VEGF Trap- 
Eye in the treatment of neovascular 
AMD.” (Id., 1577). 
 
Phase 2 patients “treated 
with 2.0 mg or 0.5 mg of 
VEGF Trap-Eye monthly 
achieved mean improvements of 9.0 
(p<0.0001) and 5.4 
(p<0.085) ETDRS letters.” (Id., 1576). 
 
“[P]atients … demonstrated 
stabilization of their vision that was 
similar to previous studies of 
ranibizumab at 1 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
40 
 
 
Claim 1 
Dixon 
year.” (Id., 1577). (Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 116, 
120). 
said method comprising sequentially 
administering to the patient a single 
initial dose of a VEGF antagonist, 
followed by one or more secondary doses 
of the VEGF antagonist, followed by one 
or more tertiary doses of the VEGF 
antagonist; 
Two groups received monthly doses of 
either 0.5 or 2.0 mg for 12 weeks (at 
weeks 0, 4, 8 and 12) …. Following this 
fixed dosing period, patients were 
treated with the same dose of VEGF 
Trap-Eye on a p.r.n. basis.” (Ex. 1006, 
1576). (Ex. 1002, ¶¶ 121–123). 
wherein each secondary dose is 
administered 2 to 4 weeks after the 
immediately preceding dose; and 
(Ex. 1006, 1576). 
(Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 121–23). 
wherein each tertiary 
dose is administered on 
an as-needed/pro re nata (PRN) basis, 
based on visual and/or anatomical 
outcomes as assessed by a physician or 
other qualified medical professional 
“Following this fixed dosing period, 
patients were treated with the same dose 
of VEGF Trap-Eye on a p.r.n. basis. 
Criteria for redosing included an 
increase in central retinal thickness . . . 
a loss of ≥ 5 ETDRS letters in 
conjunction with recurrent fluid by 
OCT, persistent fluid as indicated by 
OCT, new onset classic 
neovascularization, new or persistent 
leak on FA or new macular subretinal 
hemorrhage.” (Ex. 1006, 1576) 
wherein the VEGF antagonist is a 
receptor-based chimeric 
molecule comprising (1) a VEGFR1 
component comprising amino acids 27 to 
129 of SEQ ID NO:2; (2) a VEGFR2 
component comprising amino acids 130–
231 of SEQ ID NO:2; and (3) a 
multimerization component comprising 
amino acids 232-457 of SEQ ID NO:2. 
VEGF Trap-Eye is “a fusion protein of 
binding domains of VEGF receptors-1 
and -2 attached to the Fc fragment of 
human IgG.” (Id., 1576 (Fig.1)). 
 
“VEGF Trap-Eye and aflibercept (the 
oncology product) have the same 
molecular structure.” (Id., 1575). (Ex. 
1002 ¶ 125). 
Pet. 46–49. 
 
 
b. 
Claims 9 and 10 
 
Claim 9 is exemplary and recites: 
9. 
The method of claim 1, wherein the angiogenic eye 
disorder is selected from the group consisting of: age related 
macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, diabetic macular 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
41 
 
 
edema, central retinal vein occlusion, branch retinal vein 
occlusion, and corneal neovascularization. 
Ex. 1001 col. 22, ll. 53–57. 
Petitioner contends, Heier 2009 discloses CLEAR-IT-2 data 
confirming that the trial’s PRN regimen was successful at treating AMD. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1020, 2). Dixon similarly discloses the PRN regimen and results 
of CLEAR-IT-2 (Phase 2) to treat AMD. Id. (citing Ex. 1006, 1573, 1576, 
1579). 
 
 
c. 
Claim 11 
 
Dependent claim 11 recites: 
11. 
The method of claim 1, wherein all doses of the VEGF 
antagonist are administered to the patient by topical 
administration or by intraocular administration. 
Ex. 1001, col. 22, ll. 60–62. 
Petitioner contends that “intraocular administration” refers to 
administration to the eye generally, whereas intravitreal administration, a 
subset of intraocular administration, refers to administration directly into the 
vitreous chamber of the eye. Pet. 49 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 132–33; Ex. 1001, 
col. 2, ll. 39–41). Petitioner argues that Dixon discloses monthly intravitreal 
injections of VEGF Trap-Eye. Id. (citing Ex. 1020, 1–2; Ex. 1006, 1575; 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 134–135). 
 
 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
42 
 
 
 
d. 
Claim 12 
 
Claim 12 recites: 
12. 
 The method of claim 1, wherein the VEGF antagonist is 
VEGFR1R2-FcΔC1(a) encoded by the nucleic acid sequence of 
SEQ ID NO: 1. 
Ex. 1001, col. 22, ll. 63–65. 
 
Petitioner argues that both the amino acid and nucleotide sequences of 
VEGF Trap-Eye were disclosed in the prior art and were well known to 
skilled artisans. Pet. 50 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 136–137; Ex. 1010, Figs. 24A–
C (disclosing the nucleotide sequence and deduced amino acid sequence), 
col. 10, ll. 15–17 (specifying that this molecule is termed “VEGFR1R2-
FcΔC1(a)”); Ex. 1033, SEQ ID NO:3; Ex. 1083). Petitioner asserts that the 
CLEAR-IT 2 trials disclosed by Dixon employed VEGF Trap-Eye, and 
therefore disclose the “VEGF antagonist” recited by claim 12. Id. 
 
3. 
Patent Owner’s argument that VEGF Trap-Eye, as disclosed by 
Dixon, was not known to correspond to the claimed SEQ ID NO:1 or 
SEQ ID NO:2 
 
a. 
Patent Owner’s contentions 
 
Patent Owner argues that it is undisputed that VEGF Trap-Eye was 
not publicly available before EYLEA’s FDA approval on November 18, 
2011. PO Resp. 9. (citing Ex. 2130 319–320; Ex. 2050, ¶¶ 70–72). 
According to Patent Owner, its clinical trials involving VEGF Trap-Eye 
were conducted under strict confidentiality, as was its submission of 
information to FDA regarding VEGF Trap-Eye preapproval. Id. at 9–10. 
Consequently, argues Patent Owner, the amino acid or nucleic acid sequence 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
43 
 
 
of VEGF Trap-Eye was not available before the priority filing date of the 
’069 Patent unless the identity of those sequences was publicly disclosed. 
Id. Patent Owner argues that, because Dixon does not expressly disclose the 
amino acid sequence of VEGF Trap-Eye, the burden thus falls on Petitioner 
to show that Dixon inherently discloses the claimed sequence. Id. at 10–11. 
 
Patent Owner contends that, to demonstrate inherency, Petitioner must 
establish that the amino acid or nucleic acid sequence of VEGF Trap-Eye “is 
necessarily present” in Dixon. PO Resp. 11 (citing Continental Can Co. 
USA v. Monsanto, 948 F.2d 1264, 1268 (Fed. Cir. 1991)). Specifically, 
argues Patent Owner, Petitioner must demonstrate that “one skilled 
in the art would read the [prior art reference] as inherently disclosing the 
invention.” Id. at 12 (citing Rosco, Inc. v. Mirror Lite Co., 304 F.3d 1373, 
1380-81 (Fed. Cir. 2002). 
 
Patent Owner notes that Petitioner relies on Dixon’s statement that 
“VEGF Trap-Eye” and aflibercept share a “molecular structure” to show 
inherency of the VEGF Trap-Eye amino acid sequence. PO Resp. 13 (citing 
Ex. 1006, 1575). Patent Owner contends that Dixon does not expressly say 
that “VEGF Trap-Eye” and aflibercept have the same amino acid sequence 
and argues that a shared “molecular structure” does not necessarily mean an 
identical amino acid sequence. Id. Patent Owner contends that the term 
“molecular structure” was repeatedly used in the literature to refer to the 
three-dimensional structure of the protein, rather than the protein’s amino 
acid sequence. Id. at 13–14 (citing Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 57–63 (citing Ex. 2067, 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
44 
 
 
1449) (stating that “[t]his study was designed to disclose the molecular 
structure of tau” proteins that have rod-like three-dimensional structure))). 
 
Patent Owner argues that a skilled artisan would have known that 
proteins with different amino acid sequences may have the same molecular 
structure, or vice versa. PO Resp. 14 (citing Ex. 2049 ¶ 61–63 (citing 
Ex. 2076 at 1292) (noting that thioesterases can have “very different primary 
structures but common tertiary structures”), ¶ 58 (citing Ex. 2069, 1019, 
1026) (noting that over 1000 pairs of proteins with similar molecular 
structures but dissimilar amino acid sequences have been cataloged); id. ¶ 59 
(citing Ex. 2070, 41) (murine and bovine antibody domains have 
“surprisingly similar structures and stabilities, considering the marginal 
sequence conservation between the two molecules”), ¶ 63 (“[A] protein with 
a given amino acid sequence expressed in E. coli may have a different 
overall structure when it is expressed in a mammalian host cell.”); see also 
Ex. 2048 ¶¶ 68–69). 
 
Patent Owner also points to Dixon, which, Patent Owner contends, 
suggests that the “molecular structure” of VEGF Trap-Eye refers to a more 
general selection and arrangement of receptor binding domains and an Fc 
region, not a precise amino acid or nucleic acid sequence. PO Resp. 14 
(citing Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 65–66; Ex. 2048 ¶¶ 71–72; Ex. 2130, 337 (stating that 
“Dixon is describing the structure of VEGF Trap-Eye by its key binding 
domains in the Fc region”)). According to Patent Owner, Dixon uses the 
term “molecular structure” right after explaining that: “Structurally, VEGF 
Trap-Eye is a fusion protein of key binding domains of human VEGFR-1 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
45 
 
 
and -2 combined with a human IgG Fc fragment (Fig. 1).” Id. at 14–15 
(citing Ex. 1006, 1573, 1576, Fig. 1). Patent Owner contends that Figure 1 
of Dixon also shows a stylized version of VEGF receptors 1 and 2 and the 
binding domains that lead to the creation of a VEGF Trap molecule. Id. at 
15 (citing Ex. 1006, 1576). 
 
Summarizing, Patent Owner argues that a skilled artisan would have 
understood that Dixon’s statements concerning the “molecular structure” of 
VEGF Trap-Eye could have referred to the protein’s three-dimensional 
structure, or overall configuration of VEGF binding domains, rather than its 
primary structure (i.e., amino acid sequence). PO Resp. (citing Ex. 2049 
¶¶ 49–66; Ex. 2048, ¶¶ 66–72; Ex. 2129 73–74; Ex. 2130, 107). 
 
Patent Owner next argues that a person of skill in the art, at the time 
of filing of the ’069 patent, would have had reason to doubt that VEGF 
Trap-Eye corresponded to only aflibercept. PO Resp. 15. Petitioner bases 
this contention upon four arguments. 
First, Patent Owner suggests that a skilled artisan could have 
concluded that VEGF Trap-Eye was a genus of proteins with different amino 
acid sequences. PO Resp. 15. Patent Owner argues that the structural 
information that Dixon provides for VEGF Trap-Eye was insufficient to 
distinguish VEGF Trap-Eye from any other protein comprising a VEGFR1 
domain 2, VEGFR2 domain 3, and a human Fc region. Id. at 15–16. Patent 
Owner suggests that a skilled artisan would have understood Dixon’s 
description to correspond to a genus of protein sequences reported in the art. 
Id. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
46 
 
 
Patent Owner notes that Regeneron developed, tested, and published a 
variety of engineered VEGF fusion proteins that it called “VEGF Trap” 
molecules, only some of which included both the VEGFR1 and VEGFR2 
binding domains. PO Resp. 16 (citing Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 68–75 (citing Ex. 1004, 
11394)). Patent Owner notes that even the term “VEGF TrapR1R2,” which is 
a subset of VEGF Trap proteins, was known to encompass a genus of 
protein sequences, any one of which could satisfy Dixon’s structural 
definition, but would not necessarily possess the amino acid sequence of the 
challenged claims. Id. (citing Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 68–75). By way of example, 
Patent Owner points to the ’758 Patent (Ex. 1010) and Dix (Ex. 1033) that 
disclose the amino acid and nucleic acid sequences for a VEGF TrapR1R2 
protein that does not satisfy the sequence limitations of the challenged 
claims. Id. (citing Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 69–74; Ex. 1010, 10). 
Second, Patent Owner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would have been aware of different molecular weights for “VEGF Trap-
Eye” reported in the prior art. PO Resp. 17. Patent Owner points to reports 
that “VEGF Trap-Eye is a 110-kDa recombinant protein,” and that “VEGF 
Trap-Eye (Regeneron Inc.) is a 115-kDa recombinant fusion protein.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 76–78 (citing Ex. 1075, 403); Ex. 2048 ¶¶ 87–91). 
Patent Owner contrasts this with the molecular weight of aflibercept, which 
was was routinely reported as 115 kDa. Ex. 2049 ¶ 77; Ex. 2014, 596; 
Ex. 2015 ¶ 10; Ex. 2048 ¶ 88). Patent Owner argues that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art could have recognized that reported differences in 
molecular weights among VEGF Trap-Eye proteins, as well as those 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
47 
 
 
between the reported molecular weights of VEGF Trap-Eye and aflibercept, 
could reflect differences in the amino acid sequence. Id. (citing Ex. 2049 
¶ 78; Ex. 2048 ¶¶ 89–91). 
Third, Patent Owner notes that Petitioner, and its declarant, 
Dr. Albini, rely on various Regeneron patents and published applications to 
show correspondence between the recited VEGF antagonist fusion protein 
and amino acid sequences and sequences disclosed in the art. PO Resp. 18–
19 (citing Pet. 26–27). However, Patent Owner argues, none of its cited 
patents identifies any of its disclosed sequences as “VEGF Trap-Eye.” Id. at 
19. Patent Owner asserts that other VEGF Trap sequences, including other 
VEGF-TrapR1R2 sequences, were known in the art, and published in some of 
those same references. Id. (citing Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 69–74, 84–89; Ex. 2130, 
325–326). Consequently, argues Patent Owner, disclosure of the sequences 
recited in claim 1 of the ’069 patent among other disclosed VEGF Trap 
sequences in Petitioner’s cited references would not have informed the 
skilled artisan that VEGF Trap-Eye necessarily possessed the amino acid 
sequence or nucleic acid sequence of the challenged claims. Id. at 19–20. 
Fourth, argues Patent Owner, Regeneron consistently characterized 
“VEGF Trap-Eye” as an ophthalmology product and “aflibercept’” as an 
oncology drug. PO Resp. 20 (citing Ex. 2048 ¶¶ 73–79). Patent Owner 
characterizes Dixon as stating that Dixon discloses that aflibercept is a 
promising new anti-VEGF agent. Id. (citing Ex. 1006, Abstr.). Patent 
Owner notes that Dixon then states that the objective of the paper is to 
“review the current literature and clinical trial data regarding VEGF Trap-

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
48 
 
 
Eye for the treatment of neovascular AMD,” and states that “VEGF Trap-
Eye is a novel anti-VEGF therapy, with Phase I and II trial data indicating 
safety, tolerability, and efficacy for the treatment of neovascular AMD.” Id. 
Patent Owner contends that Dixon thus characterizes VEGF Trap-Eye as a 
novel anti-VEGF therapy for neovascular AMD, but identifies aflibercept as 
an “oncology product.” Id. (citing Ex. 2049 ¶ 40; Ex. 2048 ¶ 81; Ex. 1006, 
1575). 
 
Patent Owner also points to the testimony of Petitioner’s declarant, 
Dr. Albini, who Patent Owner contends stated that it was “certainly 
possible” that a skilled artisan, reading Dixon, could have concluded that 
VEGF Trap-Eye and aflibercept were different products. PO Resp. 21 
(quoting Ex. 2130, 333–335, 342–343). Additionally, Patent Owner argues, 
a person of ordinary skill in the art would have known that Genentech’s anti-
VEGF oncology drug (Avastin®) had a different protein sequence than its 
anti-VEGF ophthalmology drug (Lucentis®), even though Avastin was used 
off-label in ophthalmology. Id. (citing Ex. 2048 ¶¶ 82–85; Ex. 2130, 342). 
Therefore, argues Patent Owner, it would have been reasonable for a skilled 
artisan to conclude that Regeneron’s anti-VEGF oncology product, 
aflibercept, was different from its ophthalmology product, “VEGF Trap-
Eye.” Id. at 22 (citing Ex. 2048 ¶ 86). 
 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
49 
 
 
b. 
Analysis 
 
With respect to Grounds I and IV, Patent Owner’s first argument is 
that Dixon does not anticipate the limitation of claim 1 reciting: 
wherein the VEGF antagonist is a receptor-based chimeric 
molecule comprising (1) a VEGFR1 component comprising 
amino acids 27 to 129 of SEQ ID NO:2; (2) a VEGFR2 
component comprising amino acids 130–231 of SEQ ID NO:2; 
and (3) a multimerization component comprising amino acids 
232–457 of SEQ ID NO:2. 
 
 Ex. 1001, col. 21, ll. 54–60. 
 
Dixon discloses that: 
VEGF Trap-Eye and aflibercept (the oncology product) have the 
same molecular structure, but there are substantial differences 
between the preparation of the purified drug product and their 
formulations. Both aflibercept and VEGF Trap-Eye are 
manufactured in bioreactors from industry standard Chinese 
hamster ovary cells that overexpress the fusion protein. 
However, VEGF Trap-Eye undergoes further purification steps 
during manufacturing to minimize risk of irritation to the eye. 
VEGF Trap-Eye is also formulated with different buffers and at 
different concentrations (for buffers in common) suitable for the 
comfortable, non-irritating, direct injection into the eye. 
Ex. 1006, 1575 (emphasis added). Patent Owner argues that the language 
alluding to the “same molecular structure” of aflibercept and VEGF Trap-
Eye refers only to the three-dimensional structures of the fusion protein, 
rather than the protein’s amino acid sequence. PO Resp. 13–14 (citing 
Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 57–63). We decline to accept such a limited and unduly 
arbitrary definition of “molecular structure.” 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
50 
 
 
 
We here take judicial notice that it is axiomatic of protein chemistry 
that proteins have primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary structure. See 
Fed. R. Evid. 201; W.H. Brown et al., Polypeptides and Proteins, Chapter 
27.3, 1075–96, in ORGANIC CHEMISTRY (Fourth Ed.) (2005) Ex. 3002. 
Indeed, Patent Owner’s declarant, Dr. Del Priore, recognizes that “[i]t is well 
established that protein molecules, like VEGF Trap-Eye, have multiple 
levels of ‘structure,’ including primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary 
structures.” Ex. 2048 ¶¶ 50, 67. Primary structure is the sequence of the 
amino acids constituting a polypeptide chain. Ex. 3002, 1075. Secondary 
structure refers to spontaneously self-organizing ordered arrangements 
(conformations) of amino acids in localized regions of a polypeptide chain, 
such as an α-helix or β-pleated sheet. Id. at 1089-90. Secondary structure is 
ordained by the patterns of the amino acid distribution (sequence) within the 
polypeptide chain. Id. The tertiary structure of a protein refers to the overall 
folding pattern and arrangement in space of all of the atoms in a single 
polypeptide chain. Such three-dimensional structure is caused by the 
interactions of amino acids in the chain, including that caused by disulfide 
bonds between cystine residues, hydrophobic interactions, hydrogen 
bonding, and salt linkages. Id. at 1091. Quaternary structure is formed by 
the interactions of multiple polypeptide monomers into aggregate 
arrangements. Id. at 1095. 
 
All of these structures are intensely interrelated in defining the final 
three-dimensional shape of the protein, which is, in turn, critical to the role 
played by the protein, whether as a structural protein, enzyme, etc. The 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
51 
 
 
location of specific amino acids in the polypeptide chain (the primary 
structure) determines the ability of those amino acids to interact with each 
other, and these interactions form the final complex, three-dimensional 
shape of the chain (secondary and tertiary structures), and also helps 
determine the quaternary structure of aggregated polypeptide chains in the 
final protein molecule. Ex. 3002, 1093–1094. Consequently, primary, 
secondary, tertiary, and quaternary structures are all interrelated, and 
primary structure necessarily drives secondary, tertiary, and quaternary 
structures. Id. at 1095. Indeed, Patent Owner’s declarant, Dr. Klibanov, 
testified that primary structure is a determinant of the three-dimensional 
conformation of a protein: 
Q. Then do you agree with the statement here set forth in your 
declaration that: “The 3D arrangement in the a [sic] protein, its 
shape or conformation, and its properties are determined by its 
primary structure and the aqueous medium in which the protein 
is dissolved”? 
…. 
 
[Dr. KLIBANOV]: Yes, I agree with the proviso that, of course, 
the post-translation modification, which is mentioned in the first 
sentence of that paragraph, also may play a role in that, which is 
why, of course, that sentence has to be read in the context of at 
least the entire paragraph and ideally in a broader context 
presented here in my 2007 declaration. 
Ex. 1108, 32, ll. 2–15 (citing Ex. 1103 ¶ 76); see also Hearing Trans., 60, ll. 
12–14. 
Further, Dr. Klibanov agreed that substitution at a single amino acid 
locus, such as in a mutation, can alter the three-dimensional conformation of 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
52 
 
 
a protein, significantly altering, or disabling, its function. Ex. 1103 ¶¶ 76, 
82–83. 
 
Dixon expressly teaches that aflibercept and VEGF Trap-Eye have the 
“same molecular structure.” Ex. 1006, 1575. Patent Owner argues that this 
disclosure should exclude the primary structure, i.e., the amino acid 
sequence, from this definition of molecular structure, and offers examples of 
how proteins having different amino acid sequences can have similar shapes. 
See, e.g., PO Resp. 13–14. We agree with Patent Owner to the extent that 
protein molecules, or more often, the active sites of protein molecules can 
have similar shapes; this is how molecular agonists and antagonists of 
proteins work. Indeed, it is how VEGF Trap-Eye works, the active site of 
the VEGF molecule binds to the active site of endogenous vascular 
endogenous growth factor A (“VEGF-A”) isoforms, preventing VEGF-A 
from binding to the VEGF receptor and inhibiting its angiogenic effects, i.e., 
VEGF Trap-Eye is a VEGF-A antagonist. See Ex. 1001, col. 1, ll. 44–49, 
col. 2, ll. 29–39, Ex. 1006, 1575. 
But to argue, as Patent Owner does, that proteins, or parts of proteins, 
can have similar, or the same, three-dimensional shapes is not the same as 
saying that aflibercept and VEGF Trap-Eye have the same molecular 
structure, i.e., are the same molecule, as disclosed by Dixon. Patent Owner 
offers no plausible reason why a protein’s primary structure should be 
omitted from any definition of “molecular structure” and, given the 
interrelatedness of primary, secondary, and tertiary structure in determining 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
53 
 
 
the shape of a polypeptide chain, we can see no reason to omit primary 
structure from the definition of “molecular structure.” 
 
There is even further reason to conclude that Dixon inherently 
discloses the amino acid sequence of VEGF Trap-Eye. Petitioner points to 
Patent Owner’s repeated statements to the Patent Office during prosecution 
that the sequence of “the active ingredient of EYLEA™” [aflibercept 
ophthalmic solution]—namely, “aflibercept, also known as VEGF trap, 
VEGF-trap, VEGF Trap-Eye and VEGF-TrapR1R2” is set forth in Patent 
Owner’s prior art ’758 and ’959 patents. Pet. Reply 7–8 (citing Ex. 1024, 2, 
5–7, 8 (“aflibercept meets all of the limitations of claims 1 and 2 of the ’758 
patent”); Ex. 1115 ¶¶ 10–32; Ex. 1010, Figs. 24A–C, SEQ ID NOS: 15 and 
16; Ex. 1102, 2, 5–7; Ex. 1023, Figs. 24A–C, SEQ ID NOS: 15 and 16). 
Petitioner also points to Patent Owner’s statement to the Patent Office, 
during prosecution of the ’069 patent, that the data in the ’069 
Specification’s Example 4 correspond to the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 clinical trials. 
Id. at 8 (citing Ex. 1017, 136–138). In other words, the ’069 Specification 
discloses the same trials, and thus the same molecule, as disclosed by Dixon. 
It is therefore Petitioner’s position that, because VEGF Trap-Eye, as 
used in the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 studies, was admitted by Patent Owner to have 
the amino acid sequence recited in claim 1, Dixon, which discloses the use 
of VEGF Trap-Eye in the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 studies, inherently discloses the 
claimed amino acid sequence. Id. 
 
Patent Owner disagrees that Dixon discloses the claimed amino acid 
sequence inherently. Patent Owner argues that a person of ordinary skill in 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
54 
 
 
the art would have had reason to doubt that the VEGF Trap-Eye disclosed by 
Dixon could only have been aflibercept, but could rather have been one of a 
possible genus of VEGF compounds, and not necessarily aflibercept. PO 
Resp. 14. Patent Owner advances four arguments in support of this 
contention: (1) The skilled artisan could have concluded that VEGF Trap-
Eye was a genus of proteins with different amino acid sequences; (2) The 
prior art reported VEGF Trap-Eye to have different molecular weights than 
aflibercept; (3) Dixon does not discloses that “VEGF Trap Eye” corresponds 
to only the recited sequence; an (4) Patent Owner Regeneron consistently 
characterized “VEGF Trap-Eye” as an ophthalmology product and 
“aflibercept’” as an oncology drug. Patent Owner’s position, therefore, is 
that because a person of ordinary skill could not be certain that the VEGF 
Trap-Eye disclosed by Dixon had the claimed amino acid sequence recited 
in claim 1 of the ’069 patent, Dixon does not anticipate the challenged 
claims. 
 
Patent Owner’s arguments are unavailing. The test for whether a 
reference inherently anticipates a claim is whether a claim limitation that is 
not expressly disclosed “is necessarily present, or inherent, in the single 
anticipating reference.” Verizon Servs. Corp. v. Cox Fibernet Va., Inc., 602 
F.3d 1325, 1337 (Fed. Cir. 2010) (emphasis added). Patent Owner has made 
multiple acknowledgements that the VEGF Eye-Trap used in the VIEW 
1/VIEW 2 test disclosed by Dixon possessed the amino acid sequence 
recited in claim 1 of the ’069 patent. 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
55 
 
 
 
For example, during prosecution of the ’069 patent, Patent Owner 
admitted to the Patent Office that: 
The [Heier 2012]11 paper shows results of a treatment protocol 
of the type claimed on over 2,400 patients. The studies 
summarized in the Heier [2012] paper correspond to the clinical 
trials disclosed in Example 4 of the present application which 
involve the use of the VEGF receptor-based chimeric molecule 
known as aflibercept or “VEGF Trap.” 
 
Ex. 1020, 136. Heier 2012 describes results of the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 
phase III clinical studies, which are also disclosed in Dixon. Compare 
Ex. 1018, 2539–2540, with Ex. 1006, 1579, refs. 46–47. Patent Owner thus 
acknowledged, during prosecution, that VEGF Trap-Eye with the claimed 
amino acid sequence used in Example 4 of the ’069 patent is the same drug 
used in the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 studies disclosed by both Dixon and Heier 
2012. 
 
Similarly, Patent Owner stated in its November 3, 2009 Form 10-Q 
submission to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
(“SEC,” Ex. 1021): 
We also have six product candidates currently in clinical 
development, including three in late-stage clinical development. 
Our late stage programs are aflibercept (VEGF Trap), which is 
being developed in oncology in collaboration with the sanofi-
aventis Group, VEGF Trap-Eye, which is being developed in 
 
 
11 J.S. Heier et al., Intravitreal Aflibercept (VEGF Trap-Eye) in Wet Age-
related Macular Degeneration, 119(112) OPHTHALMOLOGY 2537-48 
(2012) (“Heier 2012”) (Ex. 1018). 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
56 
 
 
eye diseases using intraocular delivery in collaboration with 
Bayer HealthCare LLC, and ARCALYST which is being 
developed for the treatment of gout. 
Ex. 1021, 18. Specifically, Patent Owner stated that: 
Aflibercept is a protein-based product candidate designed to bind 
all forms of Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor-A (called 
VEGF-A, also known as Vascular Permeability Factor or VPF), 
VEGF-B and the related Placental Growth Factor (called P1GF), 
and prevent their interaction with cell surface receptors. 
VEGF-A (and to a less validated degree, VEGF-B and PlGF) is 
required for the growth of new blood vessels (a process known 
as angiogenesis) that are needed for tumors to grow and is a 
potent regulator of vascular permeability and leakage. 
Id. at 19. Furthermore: 
VEGF Trap-Eye is a specially purified and formulated form of 
VEGF Trap for use in intraocular applications. We and Bayer 
HealthCare are testing VEGF Trap-Eye in a Phase 3 program in 
patients with the neovascular form of age-related macular 
degeneration (wet AMD). We and Bayer HealthCare also are 
conducting a Phase 2 study of VEGF Trap-Eye in patients with 
diabetic macular edema (DME). 
Id. at 20 (emphasis added). Patent Owner further states that: 
The Phase 3 trials in wet AMD, known as VIEW 1 and VIEW 2 
(VEGF Trap: Investigation of Efficacy and Safety in Wet age-
related macular degeneration), are comparing VEGF Trap-Eye 
and Lucentis® (ranibizumab injection), marketed by Genentech, 
Inc., an antiangiogenic agent approved for use in wet AMD. 
VIEW 1 is being conducted in North America and VIEW 2 is 
being conducted in Europe, Asia Pacific, Japan, and Latin 
America. The VIEW 1 and VIEW 2 trials are both evaluating 
VEGF Trap-Eye doses of 0.5 milligrams (mg). and 2.0 mg at 
dosing intervals of four weeks and 2.0 mg at a dosing interval of 
eight weeks (after three monthly doses) compared with Lucentis 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
57 
 
 
dosed according to its U.S. label, which specifies doses of 0.5 mg 
administered every four weeks over the first year. As-needed 
dosing (PRN) with both agents will be evaluated in the second 
year of the studies. VIEW 1 and VIEW 2 are now fully enrolled, 
and initial data are expected in late 2010. 
Id. 
 
Patent Owner thus admits, in the passages quoted above, that VEGF 
Trap-Eye is its drug being used in the VIEW1 and VIEW 2 studies disclosed 
by Dixon. Patent Owner makes it clear that VEGF Trap-Eye is a single drug 
(of three in late-stage clinical testing), and not, as Patent contends, a genus 
of drugs. 
 
Counsel for Patent Owner also admitted at oral argument that the 
VEGF Trap-Eye used in the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 phase III clinical studies had 
the same amino acid sequence as recited in claim 1 of the ’069 patent: 
JUDGE NEW: …. So in other words, if I say, here’s VEGF 
Trap-Eye. Go use it in your VIEW 1 test. And you use it 
in your VIEW 1 test, it’s going to have that sequence, is it 
not? 
 
MS. FISHMAN: I guess I’m a little confused by your question. 
Yes, we know today that VEGF Trap-Eye has the same 
sequence as the claims. And yes, when that was given to 
the clinical investigators in the studies that were 
performed, it had that sequence. 
 
JUDGE NEW: So in other words, it was inherent. It was 
necessarily part of that drug. 
 
MS. FISHMAN: It was the drug that was tested. 
 
Hearing Trans., 42. 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
58 
 
 
 
Finally, as the above discussion and common sense strongly suggest, 
a drug that is reported in late Phase III clinical testing on human subjects is 
going to be a well-characterized single drug, rather than, as Patent Owner 
suggests, possibly a member of a vaguely defined genus of drugs, all called 
“VEGF Trap-Eye.” 
 
There can be little doubt, then, that the VEGF Trap-Eye disclosed in 
Dixon possessed the amino acid sequence recited in claim 1 of the ’069 
patent. And, as such, the claimed amino acid sequence was necessarily 
present, i.e., inherent, in the VEGF Trap-Eye disclosed by Dixon. 
 
Whether a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time of filing would 
have known the exact amino acid sequence of VEGF Trap-Eye, even when 
using it in a clinical test, is irrelevant to its determining whether it is 
inherently disclosed. See Hearing Trans., 42–43 (Patent Owner arguing that 
use of VEGF Trap-Eye in VIEW 1 study not anticipatory because “it was an 
experimental use under confidentiality restrictions”). The test for inherency, 
rather, is whether the limitation of the claim is necessarily present in the 
anticipating reference. Verizon, 602 F.3d at 1337. Patent Owner has 
acknowledged, repeatedly, that the VEGF Trap-Eye used in the VIEW 
1/VIEW 2 clinical studies disclosed by Dixon is the same drug disclosed by 
the ’069 patent, with the same amino acid sequence recited by claim 1. 
Therefore, the claimed amino acid sequence was necessarily present in the 
VEGF Trap-Eye used in the studies, whether a person of skill in the art at 
that time would have known it or not. That is sufficient to meet the 
requirements of an inherent disclosure. See Abbott Labs. v. Baxter Pharm. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
59 
 
 
Prods., Inc., 471 F.3d 1363, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (holding that “[o]ur cases 
have consistently held that a reference may anticipate even when the 
relevant properties of the thing disclosed were not appreciated at the time”). 
 
Finally, we find that Patent Owner’s contention that Petitioner’s 
argument that VEGF Trap-Eye was disclosed publicly is largely irrelevant. 
Even if the amino acid sequence was not disclosed publicly, there can be no 
doubt that VEGF Trap-Eye was made available to the researchers in the 
VIEW 1 and VIEW 2 studies. Our inherency analysis therefore applies as to 
whether VEGF Trap-Eye was disclosed publicly or not, and Petitioner’s 
argument is not necessary to our determination. 
We find that a person of ordinary skill in the art would understand that 
Dixon’s disclosure that “VEGF Trap-Eye and aflibercept (the oncology 
product) have the same molecular structure” to mean that VEGF Trap-Eye 
and aflibercept have the same primary, secondary, and tertiary structure. 
Therefore, a person skilled in the art would understand that VEGF Trap-Eye 
and aflibercept have the same amino acid sequence, and that sequence is the 
same as recited in claim of the ’069 patent. See, e.g., Ex. 1024, 2, 5–7, 8; 
Ex. 1127, 1; Ex. 1128, 1–2; Ex. 1017, 136–138. We consequently conclude 
that Dixon thus inherently discloses the amino acid sequences recited in 
claim 1 of the ’069 patent. 
 
We consequently conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that Dixon discloses this limitation of claims 
1 and 9–12 of the ’069 patent. 
 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
60 
 
 
4. 
Patent Owner’s argument that Dixon’s disclosure of dosing schedules 
does not the dosing schedules recited in claims 1 and 9–12 of the ’069 
patent 
 
We next turn to Patent Owner’s argument that Dixon does not 
disclose the dosing schedules recited in claims 1 and 9–12 of the ’069 patent 
(we address claim 8 separately below). 
 
a. 
Petitioner’s contentions 
Petitioner contends that the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 trial extended dosing 
arm 2Q812 schedule was designed to test a monthly loading dose regimen of 
three monthly injections. Pet. 20 (citing Ex. 1006, 1576). According to 
Petitioner, the 2Q8 schedule was also designed to test two different 
maintenance phases: (1) an every-8-week dosing in the first year, and 
(2) PRN dosing in the second year. Id. at 20–21 (citing Ex. 1006, 1576 
(“After the first year of the study, patients will enter a second year of p.r.n. 
dosing evaluation.”)). Therefore, argues Petitioner, given that monthly 
loading doses (i.e., a single initial dose followed by one or more secondary 
doses) followed by PRN treatment (i.e., “tertiary doses” “administered on an 
as-needed/pro re nata (PRN) basis, based on visual and/or anatomical 
outcomes”) were both disclosed by Dixon’s disclosure of the aflibercept 
 
 
12 i.e., VIEW 1/ VIEW 2’s group receiving 2.0 mg of VEGF Trap-Eye 
administered at an 8 week dosing interval (following three monthly 
doses), followed by pro re nata administration in the second year. See 
Ex. 1017, 137 (quoting Ex. 1018, 2540); Ex. 1006, 1576. 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
61 
 
 
VIEW trial, challenged claims 1 and 9–12 are anticipated. Id. at 21 (citing 
Ex. 1114 ¶¶ 19–20). 
 
b. 
Patent Owner’s response 
 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s contention that that Dixon’s 
disclosure of a prospective fixed 8-week dosing regimen (following three 
monthly doses) in the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 clinical trials anticipates the claimed 
PRN method of treatment. PO Resp. 22–23 (citing Pet. 53–58 (citing 
Ex. 1006, 1576)). Patent Owner contends that Dixon’s disclosures 
concerning the VIEW1/ VIEW 2 studies fail to disclose a “tertiary dose” that 
“is administered on an as-needed/pro re nata PRN basis,” as required by 
each of the challenged claims. Id. at 23 (citing Ex. 2050 ¶ 131). 
Specifically, Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s reading of the ’069 patent’s 
prosecution history to argue that 8-week dosing and PRN dosing are the 
same thing. Id. (citing Pet. 1, 55). According to Patent Owner, a fixed 
dosing every 8 weeks (following three monthly doses), as disclosed by 
Dixon, is not a disclosure of recited tertiary dosing “administered on an as-
needed/pro re nata (PRN) basis.” PO Resp. 23 (citing Ex. 2050 ¶ 131; 
Ex. 2130, 285–286). 
 
Furthermore, argues Patent Owner, and contrary to Petitioner’s 
contention, during prosecution of the ’069 Patent, Patent Owner did not 
describe the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 studies’ fixed, 8-week dosing regimen as a 
PRN regimen. PO Resp. 24. To the contrary, Patent Owner asserts, 
Regeneron explained that the Heier 2012 reference showed that extended 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
62 
 
 
dosing regimens with VEGF Trap-Eye were unexpectedly non-inferior to the 
prevailing standard of care (i.e., monthly injections of ranibizumab). Id. 
(citing Ex. 1017, 136). 
Patent Owner additionally contends that, although Heier 2012 reports 
the clinical trial results from Year 1 of the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 trials, which 
tested fixed dosing regimens (including an 8-week dosing regimen), it also 
sets forth the clinical trial results for Year 2, which tested PRN dosing. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1018, 10). Therefore, Patent Owner argues, by the time Heier 
2012 published the clinical trial results for Year 2 of the trials, it was known 
that the second-year PRN dosing regimen resulted in extended dosing. Id. 
As a consequence, Patent Owner argues, Regeneron’s statements during 
prosecution that “the PRN treatment protocol as encompassed by the 
presently pending independent claim 1 achieves results which are as good or 
better than the results obtained with monthly treatment” were fully 
supported by Heier 2012. Id. at 24–25 (citing Ex. 1017, 137). 
 
Patent Owner also argues that Regeneron’s prosecution history 
statements about a different publication are not legally relevant to 
Petitioner’s anticipation arguments regarding the Dixon reference in this 
IPR. PO Resp. 25. 
 
 
c. 
Petitioner’s Reply and Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply 
Petitioner replies that the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 trials 2Q8 extended dosing 
schedule was designed to test a monthly loading dose regimen of three 
monthly injections. Pet. Reply 20 (citing Ex. 1006, 1576). Petitioner asserts 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
63 
 
 
that the VIEW trials was also designed to test two different maintenance 
phases: (1) every-8-week dosing in the first year; and (2) PRN dosing in the 
second year. Id. at 20–21 (citing Ex. 1006, 1576). According to Petitioner, 
given that monthly loading doses (i.e., a single initial dose followed by one 
or more secondary doses) followed by PRN treatment (i.e., “tertiary doses” 
“administered on an as-needed/pro re nata (PRN) basis, based on 
visual and/or anatomical outcomes”) were both disclosed in Dixon’s 
disclosure of the aflibercept VIEW 1/VIEW 2 trial. Id. at 21 (citing 
Ex. 1114, ¶¶ 19–20). 
 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s argument was 
not made in its Petition, and should be disregarded as untimely and in 
violation of 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b). Sur-Reply 19 (citing Intelligent Bio-Sys, 
Inc. v. Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
 
Patent Owner contends that Dixon’s disclosure of the VIEW 2Q8 
dosing arm does not include tertiary PRN dosing. Sur-Reply 20. Patent 
Owner contends that the tertiary dosing in VIEW 1/VIEW 2 clinical trial’s 
2Q8 regimen is fixed 8-week dosing, as acknowledged by Petitioner’s own 
expert. Id. (citing Ex. 1002, 84–85; Ex. 2287, 147–148). Therefore, argues 
Patent Owner, “each tertiary dose” is not administered PRN in Dixon’s 
disclosure of VIEW 1/VIEW 2; rather, PRN dosing in the second year of 
VIEW comes after the 2Q8 dosing and would be, in effect, quaternary 
dosing. Id. Patent Owner asserts that Dixon’s disclosure of VIEW’s 2Q8 
arm dosing regimen thus does not anticipate the challenged claims. Id. 
(citing, e.g., Net MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
64 
 
 
1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
 
 
d. 
Analysis 
We find that the preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s 
argument that Dixon also teaches the dosing schedules recited in challenged 
claims 1 and 9–12. As an initial matter, we reject Patent Owner’s argument 
that Petitioner failed to timely make its argument. See Sur-Reply 19. 
Petitioner expressly relied upon Dixon’s disclosure of the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 
trials as disclosing the claimed dosing regimen in its Petition. See Pet. 47–
48. For that reason, Petitioner may permissibly develop that argument in its 
Reply in response to arguments made in Patent Owner’s Response. 
Claim 1 of the ’069 patent recites, in relevant part: 
[A] method comprising sequentially administering to the patient 
a single initial dose of a VEGF antagonist, followed by one or 
more secondary doses of the VEGF antagonist, followed by one 
or more tertiary doses of the VEGF antagonist; wherein each 
secondary dose is administered 2 to 4 weeks after the 
immediately preceding dose; and wherein each tertiary dose is 
administered on an as-needed/pro re nata (PRN) basis….” 
Ex. 1001, col. 21, ll. 42–53. Claim 1 thus requires: (1) an initial dose of the 
VEGF antagonist; (2) one or more secondary doses administered at 2–4 
week intervals, and; (3) one or more tertiary doses administered on a PRN 
basis. 
Furthermore, with respect to the primary, secondary and tertiary 
doses, the Specification of the ’069 patent discloses that: 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
65 
 
 
The initial, secondary, and tertiary doses may all contain the 
same amount of VEGF antagonist, but will generally differ from 
one another in terms of frequency of administration. In certain 
embodiments, however, the amount of VEGF antagonist 
contained in the initial, secondary and/or tertiary doses will vary 
from one another (e.g., adjusted up or down as appropriate) 
during the course of treatment. 
Ex. 1001, col. 3, ll. 41–48 (emphasis added). Dependent claims 9–12 do not 
further recite additional limitations with respect to the dosing regimen 
recited by claim 1. 
 
The initial dose is distinguished, naturally, from the secondary and 
tertiary doses by virtue of its being the first dose administered. Both the 
claims and the Specification tell us that what distinguishes the secondary and 
tertiary doses from each other is primarily the “terms of frequency of 
administration,” i.e., secondary doses are administered regularly at 2–4 week 
intervals, and tertiary doses are administered pro re nata. 
 
Dixon describes, inter alia, the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 phase III clinical 
trials. Specifically, Dixon discloses that: 
A two-part Phase III trial of VEGF Trap-Eye was initiated in 
August of 2007. The first part, VIEW 1 (VEGF Trap: 
Investigation of Efficacy and safety in Wet age-related macular 
degeneration) will enroll ~ 1200 patients with neovascular AMD 
in the US and Canada. This non-inferiority study will evaluate 
the safety and efficacy of intravitreal VEGF Trap-Eye at doses 
of 0.5 and 2.0 mg administered at 4-week dosing intervals and 
2.0 mg at an 8 week dosing interval (following three monthly 
doses), compared with 0.5 mg of ranibizumab administered 
every 4 weeks. After the first year of the study, patients will enter 
a second year of p.r.n. dosing evaluation. The VIEW 2 study has 
a similar study design. 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
66 
 
 
 
Ex. 1006, 1576 (internal references omitted). Dixon thus discloses an initial 
(first) dose, followed by doses (of either 2.0 or 5.0 mg) administered at 
4-week intervals. Because these latter are administered regularly at 4-week 
intervals for the remainder of the first year of the study, we find that these 
doses succeeding the initial dose correspond to claim 1’s recited “one or 
more secondary doses of the VEGF antagonist, … wherein each secondary 
dose is administered 2 to 4 weeks after the immediately preceding dose.” 
 
Dixon also discloses that, after the first year of such treatment, 
patients will enter “a second year of p.r.n. dosing evaluation.” Ex. 1006, 
1576. We find that this statement directly discloses the limitation of claim 1 
requiring “follow[ing the one or more secondary doses] by one or more 
tertiary doses of the VEGF antagonist;… wherein each tertiary dose is 
administered on an as-needed/pro re nata (PRN) basis.” 
We note that the claims do not specify a given number of secondary 
doses other than “one or more,” nor do they require a specific interval during 
which secondary doses may be given before transitioning to the tertiary pro 
re nata doses. We consequently find that Dixon’s disclosure of the 
VIEW 1/VIEW 2 VEGF Trap-Eye administration schedule of (1) an initial 
dose; (2) administration of a dose at succeeding 4-week intervals for the 
remainder of the first year of the study (i.e., “one or more secondary doses”); 
and (3) pro re nata administration following completion of a year of 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
67 
 
 
secondary dosing (i.e., “tertiary doses”) reads directly upon the language of 
claim 1.13 
 
 
13 We note that Heier 2012 (which is not prior art to the ’069 patent, but 
which was cited by Patent Owner during prosecution (see Ex. 1017, 136–
137)) characterizes the second year of the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 study slightly 
differently: 
After the 1-year primary end point of VIEW 1/VIEW 2 presented 
in this article, all treatment groups’ dosing intervals were 
changed to a common protocol of modified quarterly dosing with 
their originally randomized dose and drug (all patients were 
monitored monthly and received a minimum of dosing every 12 
weeks with interim as-needed monthly intravitreal injections). 
Ex. 1018, 2546. Heier 2012 thus teaches that, in the second year of the 
VIEW 1/VIEW 2 studies, mandatory 12 week (i.e., “quarterly”) doses are 
given in combination with monthly administration of VEGF Eye-Trap 
given on a PRN basis. This does not affect our reasoning, or the outcome 
of the Decision, for two reasons. 
First, because Heier 2012 is not prior art to the ’069 patent, its 
disclosures would not have been available to a person of ordinary skill in 
the art at the time of invention. A skilled artisan’s understanding of the 
VIEW 1/VIEW 2 protocols would have been guided by Dixon’s express 
disclosure of second year PRN dosing, and Dixon expressly discloses that 
“After the first year of the study, patients will enter a second year of p.r.n. 
dosing evaluation.” Ex. 1106, 1576. A person of skill in the art would 
therefore have understood that Dixon discloses administration of tertiary 
doses on a PRN basis at monthly examinations. 
 
Second, and more importantly, the language of claim 1 recites 
“method for treating an angiogenic eye disorder in a patient, said method 
comprising….” (emphasis added). Use of “[t]he transitional term 
‘comprising’ creates a presumption that the recited elements are only a 
part of the device, that the claim does not exclude additional, unrecited 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
68 
 
 
We therefore conclude that Dixon expressly discloses the dosage 
schedule recited in the challenged claims 1 and 9–12. 
 
5. 
Conclusion 
 
For the reasons we have explained above, we conclude that Petitioner 
has demonstrated, by a preponderance of the evidence, that challenged 
claims 1 and 9–12 are anticipated by Dixon on Grounds I and IV. 
 
 
6. 
Obviousness of claims 1 and 9–12 (Ground IV) 
 
We have explained above our reasoning as to why we conclude that 
Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence why 
challenged claims 1 and 9–12 are anticipated by Dixon. For those same 
reasons, we conclude that the Petitioner has concurrently established, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1 and 9–12 are obvious over 
Dixon upon Ground IV. See In re McDaniel, 293 F.3d 1379, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 
2002) (holding that “[i]t is well settled that ‘anticipation is the epitome of 
obviousness’” (quoting In re Fracalossi, 681 F.2d 792, 794 (C.C.P.A. 
1982)). 
 
 
elements.” Crystal Semiconductor Corp. v. TriTech Microelectronics 
Int’l, Inc., 246 F.3d 1336, 1348 (Fed. Cir. 2001). Consequently, the 
administration of mandatory quarterly doses in addition to monthly doses 
administered on a PRN basis in the second year of VIEW 1/VIEW 2 does 
not fall outside of the scope of the claimed method. 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
69 
 
 
 
7. 
Claim 8 of the ’069 patent (Ground IV) 
 
Claim 8 of the ’069 patent recites: “The method of claim 1, wherein 
only two secondary doses are administered to the patient, and wherein each 
secondary dose is administered 4 weeks after the immediately preceding 
dose.” Ground IV of the Petition challenges the patentability of claims 1 
and 8–12 of the ’069 patent as being anticipated by, or obvious over, Dixon. 
We have addressed the patentability of claims 1 and 9-12 as anticipated or 
obvious over Dixon in the preceding sections. We now address the 
patentability of claim 8 
 
 
a. 
Petitioner’s assertions of unpatentability under § 102 
 
Petitioner acknowledges that Claim 8 limits the claimed regimen to 
“only two secondary doses” “wherein each secondary dose is administered 4 
weeks after the immediately preceding dose,” i.e., doses at weeks 0 
(initial dose), 4, and 8 (two secondary doses). Pet. 56. Petitioner argues 
that, applying Patent Owner’s interpretation that the challenged claims 
encompass the VIEW 1/VIEW 2 dosing regimen (and thus can be supported 
by unexpected results from that study), means that Dixon expressly discloses 
the claim limitations of claim 8. Id. at 56–57 (citing Ex. 1006, 1576 (“three 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
70 
 
 
monthly doses,” i.e., an initial dose at day 0 and two secondary doses at 
weeks 4 and 8); also citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 175–178). 
 
 
b. 
Patent Owner’s Response 
 
With respect to anticipation upon Ground IV, Patent Owner contends 
that the 2Q8, eight-week, fixed dosing (following three monthly doses), as 
disclosed by Dixon, is not a disclosure of recited tertiary dosing 
“administered on an as-needed/pro re nata (PRN) basis.” PO Resp. 23 
(citing Ex. 2050 ¶ 131; Ex. 2130, 285–286). Therefore, argues Patent 
Owner, Dixon cannot anticipate challenged claim 8, because it does not 
disclose the claimed dosing regimen. Id. 
 
 
c. 
Petitioner’s Reply and Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply 
Petitioner replies, with respect to claim 8, that Dixon discloses and 
recommends 3 monthly loading doses. Pet. Reply 26. Petitioner contends 
that Patent Owner selected 3 monthly loading doses for its phase III VIEW 
1/VIEW 2 clinical trials after using 4 monthly loading doses in its phase II 
studies. Id. (citing Ex. 1006, 1576, 1574, 1577; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 59–62, 168, 
193, 197, 199–200, 205). 
 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner repeats its argument that the 
VIEW 1/VIEW 2 fixed Q8 dosing regimen described in Dixon is not a 
disclosure of tertiary dosing “administered on an as-needed/pro re nata 
(PRN) basis,” and that Dixon therefore fails to disclose this required 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
71 
 
 
limitation of challenged claim 8. PO Sur-Reply 26–30 (citing Ex.1001, 
claim 1). 
 
 
d. 
Analysis 
 
We conclude that, by a preponderance of the evidence, Petitioner has 
shown that Dixon anticipates claim 8. Dixon discloses the PrONTO study, 
which: “looked at as needed (p.r.n.) dosing of ranibizumab (a VEGF 
antagonist) after three consecutive monthly [i.e., 4-week] doses.” Ex. 1006, 
1574. The PrONTO study, then, teaches an initial dose, followed by “only 
two secondary doses [] administered to the patient, and wherein each 
secondary dose is administered 4 weeks after the immediately preceding 
dose,” followed by PRN dosing, as required by independent claim 1 and its 
dependent claim 8. 
 
The PrONTO study employed ranibizumab (LUCENTIS®), a 
different VEGF antagonist in the treatment of AMD, and not VEGF Trap-
Eye, as required by the claims. See Ex. 1006, 1574. However, Dixon also 
expressly teaches that VEGF Trap-Eye was successfully administered under 
the same dosing schedule as the PrONTO study: 
The most effective dosing regimen and monitoring program for 
anti-VEGF therapy has yet to be firmly established but new 
treatments are aimed at extending and improving on the efficacy 
of ranibizumab. VEGF Trap-Eye differs from established anti-
VEGF therapies in its higher binding affinity for VEGF-A and 
its blockage of placental growth factors-I and -2. Phase I data 
demonstrated acceptable safety and tolerability of VEGF Trap-
Eye in the treatment of neovascular AMD. In Phase II study data, 
patients dosed in a similar fashion to the PrONTO trial 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
72 
 
 
demonstrated stabilization of their vision that was similar to 
previous studies of ranibizumab at 1 year. Of the greatest 
interest, patients dosed at 2.0 mg during the initial monthly 
dosing period required 1.6 injections on average during the p.r.n. 
dosing phase. 
Id. at 1577 (emphasis added). This passage discloses administering VEGF 
Trap-Eye in a manner similar to the PrONTO study, i.e., as an initial dose, 
followed by “only two secondary doses [] administered to the patient, and 
wherein each secondary dose is administered 4 weeks after the immediately 
preceding dose,” followed by PRN dosing, as required by independent 
claim 1 and its dependent claim 8. Dixon thus discloses all of the limitations 
of challenged claim 8. 
 
We consequently conclude that the preponderance of the evidence 
demonstrates that Dixon anticipates challenged claim 8. Furthermore, 
because claim 8 is anticipated by Dixon, we further conclude that it is also 
obvious over Dixon. See McDaniel, 293 F.3d at 1385. 
 
G. 
Grounds II, III, and V 
 
Because we find that Petitioner has demonstrated, by a preponderance 
of the evidence, that all of the challenged claims are unpatentable over 
Dixon upon Grounds I and IV, we need not address whether the challenge 
claims are unpatentable upon remaining Grounds II, III, IV. See SAS Inst. 
Inc. v. Iancu, 138 S. Ct. 1348, 1359 (2018) (holding that a petitioner “is 
entitled to a final written decision addressing all of the claims it has 
challenged”); Bos. Sci. Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 F. App’x 984, 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
73 
 
 
990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (non precedential) (recognizing that the “Board need 
not address issues that are not necessary to the resolution of the proceeding” 
and therefore agreeing that the Board has “discretion to decline to decide 
additional instituted grounds once the petitioner has prevailed on all its 
challenged claims”). 
 
III. CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, and after having analyzed the entirety of 
the record and assigning appropriate weight to the cited supporting evidence, 
we determine that Petitioner has established, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 1 and 8–12 of the ’069 patent are unpatentable. We 
also deny, for the reasons we have explained, both Petitioner’s Motion to 
Exclude Evidence and we den-n-part and dismiss-in-part Patent Owner’s 
Motions to Exclude Evidence. 
 

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
74 
 
 
IV. ORDER 
Accordingly, it is 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1 and 8–12 of the ’069 patent are unpatentable; 14 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
is DENIED; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Evidence is DENIED IN PART and DISMISSED IN PART; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged 
claims in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the 
issuance of this decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 
2019 Notice Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner 
Through Reissue or Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial 
Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner 
chooses to file a reissue application or a request for reexamination of 
the challenged patent, we remind Patent Owner of its continuing 
obligation to notify the Board of any such related matters in updated 
mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
75 
 
 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/
Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 9–12 
102 
Dixon 
1, 9–12 
 
1, 9–12 
102 
Heier 2009 
 
 
1, 9–12 
102 
Regeneron I 
 
 
1, 8–12 
102 and/or 
103 
Dixon 
1, 8–12 
 
1, 8–12 
103 
Heier-2009 
and Mitchell 
or Dixon, 
optionally, 
Papadopolous 
or Dix 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1, 8–12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 76 ---
IPR2021-00880 
Patent 9,669,069 B2 
 
 
76 
 
 
PETITIONER: 
Paul Molino 
William Rakoczy 
Neil McLaughlin 
Heinz Salmen 
RAKOCZY MOLINO MAZZOCHI SIWIK LLP 
paul@rmmslegal.com 
wrakoczy@rmmslegal.com 
nmclaughlin@rmmslegal.com 
hsalmen@rmmslegal.com 
 
Teresa Rea 
Deborah Yellin Shannon Lentz 
CROWELL & MORING LLP 
trea@crowell.com dyellin@crowell.com slentz@crowell.com 
 
Lora Green 
Yahn-Lin Chu 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
lgreen@wsgr.com 
ychu@wsgr.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Deborah Fishman 
Amanda Antons 
Alice Sin Yu Ho 
ARNOLD & PORTER KAYE SCHOLER LLP 
deborah.fishman@kayescholer.com 
amanda.antons@arnoldporter.com 
alice.ho@arnoldporter.com