--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
Paper 50 
571-272-7822 
 
 
Date: June 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
FORESIGHT DIAGNOSTICS, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
PERSONALIS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
____________ 
 
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
____________ 
 
 
Before ULRIKE W. JENKS, ROBERT A. POLLOCK, and 
TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
POLLOCK, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
This is a Final Written Decision in an inter partes review challenging 
the patentability of claims 1–19 of U.S. Patent No. 11,384,394 B2 (“the ’394 
patent,” Ex. 1001). We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. 
Petitioner has the burden of proving unpatentability of the challenged 
claims by a preponderance of the evidence. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e) (2018). 
Having reviewed the parties’ arguments and cited evidence, for the reasons 
discussed below, we find that Petitioner has demonstrated by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–19 are unpatentable for the 
reasons set forth in the Petition. 
A. Procedural History 
Foresight Diagnostics Inc. (“Petitioner” or “Foresight”) filed a 
Petition for an inter partes review of claims 1–19 of the ’394 patent. Paper 1 
(“Pet.”). Personalis, Inc. (“Patent Owner” or “Personalis”) timely filed a 
Preliminary Response. Paper 7. With our authorization (see Ex. 3001), 
Petitioner filed a Reply to the Preliminary Response (Paper 8); Patent Owner 
filed a corresponding Sur-reply (Paper 10). In view of the then-available 
preliminary record, we instituted an inter partes review. Paper 11 
(“Institution Decision” or “DI”). 
After institution, Patent Owner filed a Response. Paper 18 (“POR”). 
Petitioner filed a (corrected) Reply. Paper 35 (“Reply”). Patent Owner filed 
a Sur-reply. Paper 40 (“Sur-reply”). With our authorization, Petitioner 
further filed a Response to Patent Owner’s Sur-reply. Paper 44 (“Resp.”). 
On March 19, 2024, we held an oral hearing, the transcript of which is 
of record. Paper 48 (“Tr.”). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
3 
B. Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself, Foresight Diagnostics Inc., as the real 
party-in-interest. Pet. 5. Patent Owner also identifies only itself, Personalis, 
Inc., as the real party-in-interest in this proceeding. Paper 6, 1. 
C. Related Matters 
In addition to the ’394 patent at issue here, Petitioner concurrently 
challenges claims of related U.S. Patent No. 11,408,033 (“the ’033 patent”) 
in IPR2023-00317. 
Patent Owner further identifies as “related proceedings,” Petitioner’s 
challenge of Personalis’s U.S. Patent Nos. 11,299,783 (“the ’783 patent”) 
and 10,450,611 (“the ’611 patent”) in IPR2023-00545 and IPR2023-00546, 
respectively. Paper 6, 1. IPR2024-00170 involving U.S. Patent 
No. 11,584,968 (“the ’968 patent”) is also before us. 
The ’394, ’033, ’738, and ’611 patents are at issue in Personalis, Inc. 
v. Foresight Diagnostics, Inc., C.A. No. 1:22-cv-01913 (D. Colo.) (“the 
01913 litigation”). See Pet. 5; Paper 6, 1; Ex. 1010, 1, 3–6; IPR2023-00317, 
Exhibit 1010, 1 (First Amended Complaint adding ’033 patent). Petitioner 
further identifies as a “related matter[],” Personalis, Inc. v. Foresight Inc., 
1:23-cv-01623 (D. Colo.), which further involves the ’968 patent. Paper 33, 
2; Ex. 1010, 1; IPR2024-00170, Paper 1, 1, 3 (stating that Foresight has 
moved to consolidate the two district court proceedings). 
D. Asserted Challenges to Patentability 
Petitioner challenges the patentability of claims 1–19 on the following 
bases: (Pet. 18): 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
4 
Ground 
Claims 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–11, 13–19 
§ 103(a)1 
Leary2 
2 
1–11, 13–19 
§ 103(a) 
Leary, Ley3 
3 
1–19 
§ 103(a) 
Leary, Liao,4 Chan5 
Petitioner’s challenges are based on Leary (Ground 1), Leary in 
combination with Ley (Ground 2), and Leary in combination with Liao and 
Chan (Ground 3). Of the four asserted references, Patent Owner challenges 
only the prior art status of Chan, which we address in Section II.F.4, below. 
In support of its patentability challenge, Petitioner relies on, inter alia, 
the First and Second Declarations of John Quackenbush, Ph.D., 
Exhibits 1020 and 1225, respectively. Patent Owner relies on, inter alia, the 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”) included revisions to 
35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 that became effective on March 16, 2013. 
Because the ’394 patent issued from an application that claims benefit of 
priority of an application filed before March 16, 2013, we apply the pre-AIA 
versions of the statutory bases for unpatentability. 
2 Leary et al., “Development of Personalized Tumor Biomarkers Using 
Massively Parallel Sequencing,” 2(20) Science Translational Medicine 
20ra14 (2010). Ex. 1002; Ex. 1026 (supplemental materials available at 
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2858564/). 
3 Ley et al., “DNA sequencing of a cytogenetically normal acute myeloid 
leukaemia genome,” 456 Nature 66–72 (2008). Ex. 1012. 
4 Liao et al., “Targeted Massively Parallel Sequencing of Maternal Plasma 
DNA Permits Efficient and Unbiased Detection of Fetal Alleles,” 57(1) Clin. 
Chem. 92–101 (2011). Ex. 1009. 
5 Chan et al., “Cancer Genome Scanning in Plasma: Detection of Tumor-
Associated Copy Number Aberrations, Single-Nucleotide Variants, and 
Tumoral Heterogeneity by Massively Parallel Sequencing,” 59(1) Clin. 
Chem. 211–224 (2013). Ex. 1008. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
5 
First and Second Declarations of Henry Morrice Furneaux, Ph.D., Exhibits 
2007 and 2031, respectively. Patent Owner further relies on the Declarations 
of Jonathan MacQuitty (Ex. 2033), Doug Zeman (Ex. 2034), Dan Norton 
(Ex. 2035), and John West (Ex. 2032).6 
E. The ’394 Patent and Related Background 
1. Priority 
The ’394 patent, titled Methods and Systems for Genetic Analysis, 
issued to Bartha et al., from U.S. Application 17/548,379, filed December 
10, 2021, via a series of continuation and division applications first filed on 
December 27, 2013, and further claims benefit of priority to U.S. Provisional 
Application No. 61/753,828, filed on January 17, 2013 (“the ’828 
Provisional Application”). Ex. 1001, code (12), (21), (22), (54), and (60). 
The parties dispute whether the ’394 patent is entitled to the benefit of the 
provisional filing date. See, e.g., Reply 25; POR 39. 
2. Abstract and Specification 
The Abstract of the ’394 patent broadly describes “systems and 
methods for sample processing and data analysis,” which can include 
“nucleic acid sample processing and subsequent sequencing.” Ex. 1001, 
code (57). According to the Abstract, the resultant “sequence information 
may be analyzed with the aid of a computer processor, and the analyzed 
sequence information may be stored in an electronic storage location that 
may include a pool or collection of sequence information and analyzed 
sequence information generated from the nucleic acid sample.” Id. 
 
6 Mr. West is a named inventor of the challenged patent. Ex. 1001, code 
(72). Mr. West co-founded Personalis and served as its Chief Executive 
Officer from August 2011 through December 2022. Ex. 2023 ¶ 3. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
6 
The ’394 Specification more specifically discloses methods for 
“predicting, diagnosing, and/or prognosing a status or outcome of a disease 
or condition in a subject.” Id. at 55:38–50. In some embodiments, this 
involves the collection and analysis of sequence information derived from 
body fluid or tissue, including “from a subject suffering from a cancer.” Id. 
at 38:57–67, 55:51–57:8. 
3. Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–19 of the ’394 patent, of which only 
claim 1 is independent. Claim 1, recites: 
1. A method for analyzing nucleic acid samples isolated 
from an individual, comprising: 
(a) generating a first subset of nucleic acid molecules 
from a first nucleic acid sample obtained from said 
individual; 
(b) conducting a first sequencing assay on said first 
subset of nucleic acid molecules to yield a first result 
comprising a first nucleic acid sequence wherein said 
first sequencing assay comprises whole genome 
sequencing; 
(c) generating a second subset of nucleic acid molecules 
from a second nucleic acid sample of said individual 
by contacting said second nucleic acid sample with a 
plurality of capture probes, 
[i] wherein said plurality of capture probes 
hybridize to one or more polymorphisms which are 
based on or extracted from one or more databases of 
polymorphisms, observed in a population of one or 
more samples, or a combination thereof, 
[ii] wherein said first sample or said second sample 
is obtained from said subject at a first time point; 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
7 
(d) conducting a second sequencing assay on said second 
subset of nucleic acid molecules to yield a second 
result comprising a second nucleic acid sequence; 
(e) using said plurality of capture probes to generate an 
additional subset of nucleic acid molecules from an 
additional nucleic acid sample isolated from an 
additional sample obtained from said subject at an 
additional time point different from said first time 
point; 
(f) conducting a third sequencing assay on said additional 
subset of nucleic acid molecules from said additional 
nucleic acid sample to yield a third result comprising a 
third nucleic acid sequence; and 
(g) generating a biomedical report that includes 
biomedical information of said subject, which 
biomedical information identifies the presence or 
absence of said one or more polymorphisms identified 
by said second result or said third result. 
Ex. 1001, 78:54–79:24 (paragraphing added) (bracketed Roman numerals 
added as per POR, App’x A (claim listing). Among the dependent claims, 
claim 12 (challenged only under Ground 3) specifies that the “capture probes 
are conjugated to beads,” claim 13 specifies that the “capture probes further 
comprise barcodes,” and claims 17 and 18 require that the “whole genome 
sequencing produces at least 750,000,000 [or 1,000,000,000] sequencing 
reads,” respectively. See POR, App’x A. 
We further noted that, in the 01913 litigation, Patent Owner 
summarized claim 1 as 
a method for analyzing nucleic acid samples isolated from an 
individual comprising whole genome sequencing nucleic acid 
molecules obtained from a first biological sample, 
contacting a second set of nucleic acid molecules with a set of 
capture probes that hybridize to polymorphisms that are based 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
8 
on or extracted from a database of polymorphisms or observed 
in a sample, or a combination thereof, 
sequencing the second set of nucleic acid molecules, 
repeating the capture probe hybridized sequencing on an 
additional sample from an additional time point, and 
generating a biomedical report that identifies the presence or 
absence of the polymorphisms. 
Ex. 1010 ¶ 30 (paragraphing added). Petitioner does not contest this 
characterization. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
“In an IPR, the petitioner has the burden from the onset to show with 
particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. 
Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. 
§ 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review petitions to identify “with 
particularity . . . the evidence that supports the grounds for the challenge to 
each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent Owner. See 
Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 
(Fed. Cir. 2015) (discussing the burden of proof in inter partes review). 
Petitioner contends that each claim of the ’394 patent is unpatentable 
as obvious under § 103(a). The Supreme Court in KSR International Co. v. 
Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398 (2007), reaffirmed the framework for 
determining obviousness set forth in Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1 
(1966). The KSR Court summarized the four factual inquiries set forth in 
Graham (383 U.S. at 17–18) that are applied in determining whether a claim 
is unpatentable as obvious under 35 U.S.C. § 103 as follows: (1) determining 
the scope and content of the prior art; (2) ascertaining the differences 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
9 
between the prior art and the claims at issue; (3) resolving the level of 
ordinary skill in the art; and (4) considering objective evidence indicating 
obviousness or non-obviousness, if present. KSR, 550 U.S. at 406. 
“[W]hen a patent ‘simply arranges old elements with each performing 
the same function it had been known to perform’ and yields no more than 
one would expect from such an arrangement, the combination is obvious.” 
Id. at 417 (quoting Sakraida v. Ag Pro, Inc., 425 U.S. 273, 282 (1976)). But 
in analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it can 
also be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” Id. at 418. 
“[I]n considering the disclosure of a reference, it is proper to take into 
account not only specific teachings of the reference but also the inferences 
which one skilled in the art would reasonably be expected to draw 
therefrom.” In re Preda, 401 F.2d 825, 826 (CCPA 1968). Moreover, a 
precise teaching directed to the specific subject matter of a challenged claim 
is not necessary to establish obviousness. KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. Rather, “any 
need or problem known in the field of endeavor at the time of invention and 
addressed by the patent can provide a reason for combining the elements in 
the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. Accordingly, a party that petitions the 
Board for a determination of unpatentability based on obviousness must 
show that “a skilled artisan would have been motivated to combine the 
teachings of the prior art references to achieve the claimed invention, and 
that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so.” In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (quotations and citations omitted). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
10 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In our Institution Decision, we provisionally adopted Petitioner’s 
definition of a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) as having: 
1) an advanced degree (such as an M.D. or the equivalent of a 
Ph.D. in a life or physical sciences, engineering, or mathematics 
discipline) . . . 
2) an understanding of various sequencing and next generation 
sequencing methods, sample preparation methods, targeted 
enrichment methods, bioinformatics methods for interpreting 
sequencing data, and methods for identifying genetic variants in 
a sample . . . . 
3) an understanding of clinical applications of sequencing 
technology to conditions associated with nucleic acid variation, 
such as cancer, non-invasive prenatal testing, and transplant 
rejection . . . [and] 
4) an understanding of cancer biology as it relates to mutations 
associated with tumor diagnosis, progression, and treatment, as 
well as awareness of the various types of mutations that can 
occur in and influence the course of a patient’s cancer. 
DI, 15–19 (citing e.g., Pet. 8; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 5, 37–91). 
Patent Owner has not subsequently challenged the above definition. 
See Ex. 2031 ¶ 48 (Dr. Furneaux applying the above definition). For the 
reasons set forth in our Institution Decision, and because Petitioner’s 
proposed level is commensurate with the level of skill reflected in the prior 
art of record, we apply the same definition here. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 
261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001); In re GPAC Inc., 57 F.3d 1573, 1579 
(Fed. Cir. 1995); In re Oelrich, 579 F.2d 86, 91 (CCPA 1978). 
C. Claim Construction 
“Only when a claim is properly understood can a determination be 
made . . . whether the prior art anticipates and/or renders obvious the 
claimed invention.” Amazon.com, Inc. v. Barnesandnoble.com, Inc., 239 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
11 
F.3d 1343, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2001). In this proceeding, we interpret a claim 
“using the same claim construction standard that would be used to construe 
the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) 
(2020). Under this standard, we construe the claim “in accordance with the 
ordinary and customary meaning of such claim as understood by one of 
ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution history pertaining to the patent.” 
Id. Furthermore, we need only construe claim language that is in 
controversy, and only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy. 
Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 
1999); see also Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 
868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (applying Vivid Techs. in the context 
of an AIA trial proceeding). In this respect, Petitioner proposes constructions 
for the terms “subset” and “polymorphism,” argues that the “biomedical 
report” of claim step 1(g) is directed to printed matter not entitled to 
patentable weight, and raises the issue of whether the preamble is limiting. 
Pet. 19–23, 31. Patent Owner does not address the meaning of these terms 
and no express construction is required to resolve the controversy here. 
We do address, below, the two claim phrases in dispute—“whole 
genome sequencing” and “capture probes.” As appropriate, we also discuss 
in this section, application of these terms to the asserted Leary reference. 
1. “whole genome sequencing” 
Claim step 1(b) recites “conducting a first sequencing assay on said 
first subset of nucleic acid molecules . . . wherein said first sequencing assay 
comprises whole genome sequencing.” Because of the substantial overlap in 
the parties’ arguments regarding the plain meaning of “whole genome 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
12 
sequencing” and whether Leary discloses whole genome sequencing, we 
address both issues in this section. 
Patent Owner and Dr. Furneaux contend that “whole genome 
sequencing,” or “WGS,” should be construed to mean, “a non-targeted 
approach to sequencing all or almost all of a genome”—a construction 
we preliminarily applied at institution. See, e.g., POR 5–6; Sur-reply 9–12; 
DI 19–23; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 50–52. Here, as articulated by Dr. Furneaux, Patent 
Owner contends that “whole” modifies “genome” and “thus indicates that 
the entirety—not a part or subset—of the genome must be sequenced.” 
Ex. 2031 ¶ 52. 
Petitioner and Dr. Quackenbush, by contrast, contend that we should 
apply the plain meaning of whole genome sequencing, and present three, 
inter-related arguments as to their position as to what one skilled in the art 
would understand that meaning to be. See generally, Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 4–37. First, 
as is underscored by the parties’ briefing, Petitioner’s Ground 1 invites us to 
determine whether Leary’ PARE technique is a form of whole genome 
sequencing as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the 
claimed invention. See e.g., POR 5–9; Sur-reply 5–6.7 
Petitioner contends that “[b]ecause the contemporaneous literature 
considered Leary’s technique to constitute WGS, no further construction is 
needed ‘to resolve the controversy’” Reply 5 (citing Vivid Techs. 200 F.3d at 
803); Tr. 15:18–16:4. Considering the substantial briefing and oral argument 
regarding the term “whole genome sequencing,” however, we find it useful 
to undertake a formal construction. We, nevertheless, consider in this section 
 
7 Petitioner also argues that to the extent Leary does not disclose whole 
genome sequencing, it would have been obvious to achieve whole genome 
sequencing using Leary’s PARE technique. See Reply 6–9; POR 10–12. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
13 
the parties’ arguments regarding whether the contemporaneous literature 
understood Leary’s technique as a form of whole genome sequencing. 
Second, Petitioner contends, “to the extent express construction is 
required,” we should interpret the plain meaning of whole genome 
sequencing as “a non-targeted approach to generating sequencing reads 
and mapping those reads back to a reference genome (rather than a 
genome subset).” Reply 5; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 34–36. As a third alternative, 
Petitioner argues that to the extent we apply Patent Owner’s preferred 
definition, the skilled artisan would understand the term to encompass a 
lower limit of 50% (or less) of the genome. Id. at 3–5. 
We begin our analysis with the intrinsic record. At best, however, the 
Specification distinguishes whole genome sequencing from targeted 
sequencing, in which only a defined subset of genomic elements (e.g., 
exons) are sequenced. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 1:23–36, 5:57–59, 33:19–22, 75–
76, Table 13 (distinguishing whole genome sequencing from whole exome 
sequencing).8 As such, the Specification is entirely consistent with Patent 
Owner’s “a non-targeted approach to sequencing” and Petitioner’s 
equivalent language, “a non-targeted approach to generating sequencing 
reads.” Accordingly, there appears no dispute that whole genome sequencing 
does not target exons or other defined genomic elements. 
With respect to the remainder of the parties’ proposed definitions, 
Petitioner’s construction recites, “mapping those reads back to a reference 
genome (rather than a subset).” The intended meaning of this phrase appears 
 
8 The NIH National Human Genome Research Institute, defines an exome as 
“the sequence of all the exons in a genome, reflecting the protein-coding 
portion of a genome. In humans, the exome is about 1.5% of the genome.” 
Ex. 3002, available at https://www.genome.gov/genetics-glossary/Exome. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
14 
to underscore the non-targeted, genome-wide nature of whole genome 
sequencing in not focusing on (or excluding) any subset of genetic elements 
or loci. Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 34–36; Tr. 14:21–15:14. While we have no 
disagreement with this interpretation, the evidence of record strongly 
suggests that whole genome sequencing requires something more than that a 
single sequencing read from a randomly selected genetic locus. Accordingly, 
and despite the agreement of Patent Owner’s counsel that the “specification 
defines no threshold for the amount of sequencing required,” we agree with 
Patent Owner’s contention that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
understand the term to require some “threshold amount of sequencing.” See, 
e.g., Tr. 33:22–34:21. 
With respect to Patent Owner’s position that whole genome 
sequencing requires “sequencing all or almost all of a genome,” the 
Specification nowhere defines whole genome sequencing in terms of the 
amount or percent of genome sequenced. At best it acknowledges that whole 
genome sequencing may include “low mean coverage regions,” and gaps 
described as “zero mean coverage regions.” Id. at 24:59–63, 28:33–42; see 
also id. at 7:18–19 (disclosing that the accuracy of the sequenced portion 
“may be greater than about 70%).” Absent further assistance from the 
Specification, we turn to the contemporaneous art and testimony of record to 
understand how those of skill in the art understood the term. 
First, and consistent with the Specification’s recitation of “low” and 
“zero mean coverage regions,” we credit Dr. Quackenbush’s undisputed 
testimony that “sequencing of ‘all of the genome’” was unachievable at the 
time of the invention. Ex. 1225 ¶ 10 (citing Ex. 1222, 46:15–21, 37:17–24 
(Dr. West’s testimony that it first became possible to sequence a human 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
15 
genome without any gaps “quite a long time after we filed these patents”)); 
see also id. ¶ 10 n.1 (evidencing the first announcement of a gap free 
autosomal genome sequence in March 2022, completion of the Y 
chromosome sequence in August 2023); Tr. 32:22–33:4. Because 
sequencing “all” of a genome may have represented an aspirational goal for 
some applications, we decline to strike it from the definition. Moreover, 
because the Specification makes a clear, and repeated distinction between 
untargeted sequencing (e.g., whole genome sequencing) as compared to 
targeted sequencing approaches such as “whole exome sequencing,” the 
phrase “sequencing all or almost all of a genome” speaks more to the 
untargeted nature of the process rather than to the number of nucleotides 
sequenced. See e.g., Ex. 1001, Ex. 1001, 1:23–36, 5:57–59, 33:19–22, 75–76 
(Table 13). Consistent with this interpretation, the Specification’s references 
to “low mean coverage regions,” and “zero mean coverage regions” 
underscores that whole genome sequencing does not require that all or 
almost all of the nucleotide sequence of a genome must be determined, but 
that all or almost all of the genome must be available for sequencing (i.e., in 
an untargeted manner). See id. at 24:59–63, 28:33–42. 
a. The Range of Coverage Encompassed by Whole Genome 
Sequencing 
The evidence of record demonstrates that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have understood whole genome sequencing to encompass a wide 
range genome coverage, conveniently expressed as a percentage of the 
genome sequenced. See Ex. 2018, 155:15–21, 157:9–22, 161:21–162:1 
(Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony regarding the scope of WGS in different 
contexts). On one hand, Patent Owner points to Ley as conducting whole 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
16 
genome sequencing “to achieve the targeted level of 90% diploid coverage,” 
and Dewey9 as “providing 39.3x average coverage of 92% of known 
chromosomal positions.” Sur-reply 10–11 (citing Ex. 1012, 67; Ex. 2122, 2). 
Patent Owner further relies on the testimony of Dr. Furneaux and Mr. West 
that “90% sequence coverage was the accepted cutoff at the time of the 
invention.” Id. at 10 (citing Ex. 1222, 42:25–44:10; Ex. 1223, 97:23–98:5); 
but see Ex. 1223, 94:21–95:23 (Dr. Furneaux’s testimony that “all of this is 
a moving target”); Ex. 2031 ¶ 104 (Dr. Furneaux’s testimony that “‘whole 
genome sequencing’ has been used in the literature in different ways and in 
different contexts”). 
Conversely, Petitioner and Dr. Quackenbush present credible 
evidence that in some applications whole genome sequencing includes 
coverage of only 5–10% of the genome. In particular, Petitioner points to 
Heitzer10 as teaching an application of whole genome sequencing 
encompassing only 10% of the genome. Ex. 1218, 2 (“whole-genome 
sequencing with a shallow sequencing depth of about 0.1x is sufficient for a 
robust and reliable analysis of copy number changes from single cells”), 
7 (“[s]ingle-read whole genome plasma sequencing is performed with a 
shallow sequencing depth of approximately 0.1x”); Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 30–33. 
Likewise, the West patent,11 assigned to Personalis, discloses the use of 
 
9 Dewey, et al., Phased Whole-Genome Genetic Risk in a Family Quartet 
Using a Major Allele Reference Sequence, 7(9) PLoS Genetics, September 
2011. (Ex. 2122). 
10 Heitzer, et al., “Tumor-associated copy number changes in the circulation 
of patients with prostate cancer identified through whole-genome 
sequencing,” 5:30 Genome Med. 1–16 (2013). Ex. 1218. 
11 West, U.S. Patent No. 11,584,968, issued Feb. 21, 2023. Ex. 1212. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
17 
“untargeted sequencing data (e.g., a low coverage whole genome sequencing 
data),” and cites to Pasaniuc,12 which describes “sequencing libraries 
appropriate for whole-genome sequencing” that are sequenced “at ultra-low 
coverage (0.1-0.5x[)]” of 5–10%.13 Ex 1212, code (56), 26:6–9; Ex. 1213 
(emphasis omitted); Ex. 1225 ¶ 23. 
Although the teachings of Heitzer, the West patent, and Pasanuic 
plausibly suggest we interpret “sequencing all or almost all of the genome” 
not as a measure of minimum coverage, but as reiterating the non-targeted 
aspect of whole genome sequencing in not selecting for or against any 
defined genetic elements, we focus here on whether whole genome 
sequencing requires some minimum level of genomic coverage. Relevant to 
our analysis, the parties calculate that the asserted Leary reference 
sequenced about 60% or 53% of the genome using the PARE approach.14 
See Reply 6; Sur-reply 14; Ex. 1225 ¶ 66; Tr. 14:14–17, 16:5–10, 36:16–25. 
Accordingly, whereas the application of whole genome sequencing at the 
shallow depth, low, or ultra-low coverage disclosed in Heitzer, the West 
patent, and Pasanuic, might apply in certain contexts, the controversy before 
 
12 Pasaniuc, et al., “Extremely low-coverage sequencing and imputation 
increases for genome-wide association studies,” 44(6) Nat. Genet. 631–635 
(2012). Ex. 1213. 
13 Our reliance on Pasaniuc is tempered by its disclosure that it conducted “a 
whole-exome study,” as “an empirical demonstration.” Id. at Abstract 
(emphasis added). 
14 The difference in percentage appears to reflect an evolving understanding 
of the size of the reference genome, which forms the denominator for the 
calculations. See, e.g., Reply, 2–3; Tr. 14:14–17; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 12–
20 (Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that one of ordinary skill in art at the 
relevant time understood the reference genome to be about 2.86 million 
bases, rather than the 3.2 billion used in Dr. Furneaux’s calculations). 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
18 
us does not require a precise determination of the minimum genome 
coverage required for whole genome sequencing.15 Rather, for the purpose 
of addressing the controversy as posed by Patent Owner, it is sufficient that 
we consider the more general teachings of the Harris16 and Chandratillake17 
patents regarding the range of coverage encompassed by whole genome 
sequencing. 
The Harris patent issued from a series of continuation applications 
first filed on August 29, 2014, and claims benefit of priority to a U.S. 
Provisional application filed on August 30, 2013. Ex. 1211, code (63). The 
Harris patent identifies Personalis as both Applicant and Assignee and lists 
as an inventor John West, who is also named as an inventor of the ’394 
patent. Ex. 1211, codes (71–73); Ex. 1001, code 72. The Chandratillake 
patent issued from a series of continuation applications first filed on October 
3, 2014, and claims benefit of priority to a U.S. Provisional application filed 
on October 3, 2013. Ex. 1214, codes (71, 73, 63). Like the Harris patent, it 
also identifies Personalis as Applicant and Assignee, and shares named 
inventors (Gemma L. Chandratillake, Sarah K. Garcia, and Richard Chen), 
with the ’394 patent at issue here. Ex. 1214, codes (71–73); Ex. 1001, code 
72. 
By comparison, the ’394 patent was first filed on December 27, 2013, 
and claims benefit of priority to a provisional application filed on January 
 
15 Heitzer, the West patent, and Pasanuic, however, render irrelevant Mr. 
Furneaux’s citation to McBride as evidence that Leary disclosed “only low 
coverage sequencing of the cancer genome.” See Ex. 2031 ¶ 108. 
16 Harris et al., US 11,456,058 B2, issued Sept. 27, 2022. Ex. 1211. 
17 Chandratillake et al., US 11,640,405 B2, issued May 2, 2023. Ex. 1214. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
19 
17, 2013. Ex. 1001, code (60). Whether the Harris and Chandratillake 
patents qualify as prior art to the ’394 patent, they are at least closely 
contemporaneous with it. Moreover, to the extent one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have placed a lower limit on the amount of coverage required by 
whole genome sequencing, we see no reason why that limit would be 
reduced in the year or so following the critical date, particularly given the 
improvements in cost and availability of large-scale sequencing over time. 
See generally, Pet. 10–16. In sum, we agree with Dr. Quackenbush that the 
Harris and Chandratillake patents reasonably encompass what one of 
ordinary skill would have understood by the term whole genome sequencing. 
See Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 21–22, 24. 
The Harris and Chandratillake patents state: 
Untargeted sequencing (i.e., whole genome sequencing) 
can determine the complete DNA sequence of the genome at 
one time. Untargeted sequencing (i.e., whole genome 
sequencing or the non-exonic portion of whole exome 
sequencing) can cover sequences of almost about 100 percent, 
or about 95%, of the sample's genome. In some cases, the 
untargeted sequencing (i.e., whole genome sequencing or 
non-exonic portion of the whole exome sequencing) can cover 
sequences of the whole genome of the nucleic acid sample of 
about or at least about 99.999%, 99.5%, 99%, 98%, 97%, 
96%, 95%, 94%, 93%, 92%, 91%, 90%, 89%, 88%, 87%, 86%, 
85%, 84%, 83%, 82%, 81%, 80%, 79%, 78%, 77%, 76%, 75%, 
74%, 73%, 72%, 71%, 70%, 69%, 68%, 67%, 66%, 65%, 64%, 
63%, 62%, 61%, 60%, 59%, 58%, 57%, 56%, 55%, 54%, 53%, 
52%, 51%, or 50%. 
Ex. 1211, 17:33–47 (emphasis added); Ex. 1214, 29–43 (same). The Harris 
patent further explains that “the output [of WGS] can have a coverage of 
about or at least about . . . 50% of the whole genome of the nucleic acid 
sample from a subject.” Ex. 1211, 17:48–55. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
20 
We also find the Harris patent particularly relevant to the present 
controversy regarding Leary in reciting that in some embodiments, 
the whole genome sequencing data comprises mate-pair 
reads. In another embodiment, the paired-end reads have insert-
sizes of larger than about 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 
0.9, 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 
5.0, 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0, 11.0, 12.0, 13.0, 14.0, 15.0, 16.0, 
17.0, 18.0, 19.0, 20.0, 30.0, 40.0, 50.0, 60.0, 70.0, 80.0, 90.0, or 
100.0 kilobasepairs. In another embodiment, the mate-pair 
reads have insert-sizes of larger than about 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 
0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8, 0.9, 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 
1.9, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0, 11.0, 12.0, 13.0, 
14.0, 15.0, 16.0, 17.0, 18.0, 19.0, 20.0, 30.0, 40.0, 50.0, 60.0, 
70.0, 80.0, 90.0, or 100.0 kilobasepairs. 
Id., 3:37–49 (emphasis added). As explained by Dr. Quackenbush, as in 
Harris, “Leary’s whole-genome sequencing comprised mate-pair reads with 
insert lengths of 1,400 bp (1.4 kilobasepairs).” Ex. 1225 ¶ 22 n.2 (cited at 
Reply 4). 
We are not persuaded by the arguments of Patent Owner’s counsel 
that we should dismiss the teachings of the Harris and Chandratillake 
patents. See generally, Tr. 30:24–31:22, 33:5– 35:4, 37:1–38:2. Consistent 
with the inventor’s own words in the Harris and Chandratillake patents, the 
record as a whole supports Petitioner’s view that one of ordinary skill in 
would have understood the 60% or 53% genomic coverage achieved with 
Leary’s mate-paired tag/PARE analysis to be sufficient for whole genome 
sequencing. 
In sum, we construe whole genome sequencing as a non-targeted 
approach to sequencing all or almost all of a genome, which encompasses 
determining the nucleotide sequence covering about 50% or more of a 
genome. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
21 
b. Whether Leary Discloses Whole Genome Sequencing 
i. Overview of Leary (Exhibit 1002) 
According to Leary, “[v]irtually all tumors of clinical consequence are 
thought to have rearranged DNA sequences resulting from translocations 
and copy number alterations, and these sequences are not present in normal 
human plasma or nontumor tissues.” Ex. 1002, 5. Leary describes methods 
of analyzing patient-specific translocations in solid tumors using the PARE 
(personalized analysis of rearranged ends) approach, which involved 
comparing information derived from tumor samples with matched normal 
samples. Id. at Abstract, 1. In obtaining this information, 
[g]enomic DNA from each [of four tumor samples] was 
purified, sheared, and used to generate libraries with mate-
paired tags ~1.4 kb apart. Libraries were digitally amplified by 
emulsion polymerase chain reaction (PCR) on magnetic beads 
(21), and 25-bp mate-paired tags were sequenced using the 
sequencing-by-ligation approach (15, 22). An average of 198.1 
million 25-bp reads was obtained for each sample, where each 
read aligned perfectly and was uniquely localized in the 
reference human genome (hg18), resulting in 4.95 Gb of 
mappable sequence per sample. An average of 40 million mate-
paired reads, where both tags were perfectly mapped to the 
reference human genome, was obtained for each sample. The 
total amount of genome base pairs covered by the mate-paired 
analysis (that is, distance between mate-paired tags × number of 
mate-paired tags) was 53.6 Gb per sample, or an 18-fold 
physical coverage of the human genome. 
Id. at 1. 
Using the mate-paired tag/PARE approach, Leary “identified 57 
regions containing putative somatic rearrangements.” Id. at 3. “For 
confirmation, [Leary] designed primers to 42 of the paired-end regions and 
used them for PCR spanning the putative breakpoints. Thirty-five of these 
(83%) yielded PCR products of the expected size in the tumor samples but 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
22 
not in the normal samples (Fig. 2 and table S3).” Id. Leary reports that 
“Sanger sequencing of seven PCR products confirmed the rearrangements in 
all cases tested. Although there was variation in the number of detected 
alterations per sample (range, 7 to 21), all four tumor samples were found to 
have at least four bona fide somatic rearrangements through this approach.” 
Id. 
Leary also demonstrates that rearranged tumor markers identified 
using PARE could be detected and quantified in clinical samples, e.g., in 
serial patient plasma samples taken before and after tumor resection and 
chemotherapy. Id. at 4. Leary reports, for example, that 
[d]igital PCR analyses of plasma samples from patient Hx402 
indicated that rearranged tumor DNA was detectable at all six 
time points analyzed throughout the course of treatment (Fig. 
4B). The fraction of mutant DNA present in plasma samples 
was 37% just before surgery but decreased to 14% 1 day after 
resection of the primary tumor. The mutant DNA fraction 
decreased further after chemotherapy and subsequent removal 
of metastatic lesions from the right lobe of the liver. 
Id. In Figure 4B (referenced above), Leary graphically displays the 
fraction of rearranged DNA in a patient’s plasma over time, and in 
light of the patient’s chemotherapy and surgical history. Id. at 4, Fig. 
4. Referencing Figure 4B, Leary states that “[d]igital PCR analyses of 
plasma samples from patient Hx402 indicated that rearranged tumor 
DNA was detectable at all six time points analyzed throughout the 
course of treatment.” Id. Leary concludes that, “[g]iven current 
enthusiasm for the personalized management of cancer patients, 
PARE affords a timely method for uniquely sensitive and specific 
tumor monitoring.” Id. at 5. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
23 
ii. Analysis 
According to Patent Owner, Chan refers to Leary’s work as having a 
“targeted nature” inconsistent with a definition of whole genome sequencing 
as “a non-targeted approach to sequencing all or almost all of a genome.” 
Sur-reply 9, 12–13 (citing Ex. 1002, 1, 5; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 93–96; Ex. 1020 
¶ 227 (Dr. Quackenbush quoting Patent Owner’s relied-upon passage from 
Chan). In a similar respect, Dr. Furneaux describes Leary as disclosing “a 
breakpoint mapping technique that only uses the sequences of the mate-pair 
ends to identify the putative location of [a] breakpoint rather than 
determining the order of the nucleotides in all (or almost all) of the 
genome.” Ex. 2031 ¶ 108 (citing Ex. 1015, 9); see Ex. POR 9. We do not 
find Patent Owner’s arguments availing for the reasons set forth at pages 
39–40 of our Institution Decision and as discussed in paragraphs 58–63 of 
Dr. Quackenbush’s second Declaration (Ex. 1225), which we adopt. 
In short, that Leary analyzed genomic sequencing data for the purpose 
of identifying and/or mapping “rearranged DNA sequences resulting from 
translocations and copy number alterations,” has no bearing on whether the 
underlying generation of genomic sequence information using a PARE 
approach comprised WGS. See Ex. 1002, 5; see also Ex. 1030, 10 
(describing Leary as disclosing “identification of rearrangements using 
whole-genome sequencing”). Rather, because Leary’s sequencing library 
was generated from randomly sheared genomic DNA, the resulting genomic 
sequences reflected a non-targeted approach. See e.g., DI, 22 & n.10 
(explaining that “Leary’s PARE studies began with sheared genomic DNA, 
and presumably resulted in non-targeted, randomly-distributed sequencing 
reads throughout the genome”). Read in context, Chan refers to Leary’s 
work as having a “targeted nature” that “can provide only a partial glimpse 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
24 
of the tumor genome in the plasma of cancer patients.” Ex. 1008, 212. As 
such, we agree with Dr. Quackenbush that 
this passage of Chan is comparing its whole genome 
sequencing of plasma to Leary’s follow-up analysis, which 
involved PCR-based capture followed by targeted 
resequencing. Chan’s reference to “targeted” sequencing in 
Leary is not a reference to Leary’s initial polymorphism 
discovery using its PARE whole genome sequencing assay, 
which was performed on tissue DNA, not the plasma. 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 60. Chan’s reference to “targeted nature,” thus, refers to Leary’s 
overall analysis, and not the initial PARE approach to generating genomic 
sequence data. See Ex. 1008, 211–212. 
c. Whether the Contemporaneous Literature Understood Leary 
to Disclose Whole Genome Sequencing 
We also address Petitioner’s contention that the contemporaneous 
literature considered Leary’s technique to constitute whole genome 
sequencing. See Reply 5; Resp. 2–3; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 22–29, 68. As noted in our 
Institution Decision, Forshew18 expressly describes Leary (reference 18 in 
Forshew) as disclosing “identification of rearrangements using whole-
genome sequencing.” DI 21–22 (quoting Ex. 1030, 11). Petitioner further 
points to Diehn19 as expressly disclosing that Leary teaches whole genome 
sequencing. Reply 4; Ex. 1225 ¶ 26. Diehn is a U.S. Patent Application 
Publication indicating the benefit of a provisional application filed on March 
15, 2013. Ex. 1112, code (60). As with Harris and Chandratillake, Diehn is 
 
18 Forshew, et al., “Noninvasive Identification and Monitoring of Cancer 
Mutations by Targeted Deep Sequencing of Plasma DNA,” 4 Science 
Translational Medicine 136ra68 (2012). Ex. 1030. 
19 Diehn et al., US 2022/0195530 A1, publ. June 23, 2022. Ex. 1112. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
25 
reasonably contemporaneous with the ’394 patent. In a background section 
discussing sequencing techniques for analyzing cancer-derived cell-free 
DNA (cfDNA), Diehn includes the following with express citation to Leary: 
“Other studies have proposed identifying patient-specific chromosomal 
rearrangements in tumors via whole genome sequencing (WGS), followed 
by breakpoint qPCR from cfDNA (Leary et al. (2010) Sci. Transl. Med. 2: 
20ral4.” Id. ¶ 3. We find Diehn’s statement pertinent to understanding how 
one of ordinary skill art understood the teachings of Leary. 
In response, Patent Owner points to Feldman20 as evidence that whole 
genome sequencing excludes Leary’s PARE approach. POR 9. As 
reproduced by Dr. Furneaux, Feldman states: 
Whole-genome sequencing currently demands resources 
beyond the reach of most cancer investigators. Transcriptome 
sequencing has been used to identify novel fusion genes derived 
from chromosomal translocations in solid tumors. In 
lymphomas, however, translocations often do not produce a 
fusion gene and, in some cases, disrupt a putative tumor 
suppressor gene. Transcriptome sequencing is unlikely to detect 
such translocations. Therefore, we used a mate-pair genomic 
DNA sequencing approach for lymphoma translocation 
discovery. 
Ex. 2031 ¶ 105 (quoting Ex. 2008, 918). Feldman, however, 
continues: 
In this resource-efficient approach, only the ends of 
approximately 5-kb DNA fragments are sequenced, such that 
we obtained approximately 7 times the bridged coverage of the 
genome despite base coverage of only approximately 0.35 
times, requiring only one lane of an Illumina flow cell. Our 
binary indexing algorithm maximizes computer memory and 
 
20 Feldman et al., “Discovery of recurrent t(6;7)(p25.3;q32.3) translocations 
in ALK-negative anaplastic large cell lymphomas by massively parallel 
genomic sequencing,” 117(3) Blood, January 20, 2011. Ex. 2008. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
26 
speed while allowing the reference genome and its reverse 
compliment to be stored in RAM. This allows mapping 
approximately 2 X 108 sequences to a 3 X 109-nucleotide 
genome in one day. This approach is much faster and less 
labor-intensive than approaches such as long-distance inverse 
PCR. In addition, the whole-genome coverage and 5-kb 
resolution are more informative than karyotyping or FISH. 
Ex. 2008, 918. Feldman’s apparent teaching that “a mate-pair genomic DNA 
sequencing approach,” (i.e., the general approach taught by Leary), provides 
“[w]hole-genome coverage,” is somewhat at odds with Dr. Furneaux’s 
contention that Feldman “specifically exclude[s] Leary’s PARE approach 
when describing whole genome sequencing.” Ex. 2031 ¶ 105. We find more 
persuasive that Forshew and Diehn expressly refer to Leary as disclosing 
whole genome sequencing. 
Patent Owner further points to Meyerson’s21 Table 1 (“Whole-genome 
sequencing studies of cancer”), and a passage from Newman22 (a 2014 
article regarding the quantitation of circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) in 
plasma co-authored by two of Foresight’s founders), as evidence that these 
references do not expressly cite to Leary when discussing whole genome 
sequencing. See POR 9 (citing Ex. 1031, 687, Table 1; Ex. 2152, 7; Ex. 2031 
¶¶ 106–7). We are not persuaded that the absence of a citation to Leary in 
these contexts indicates that one of ordinary skill did not consider Leary to 
disclose whole genome sequencing. To the contrary, Dr. Quackenbush 
 
21 Meyerson, et. al., “Advances in understanding cancer genomes through 
second-generation sequencing,” 11 Nature Reviews 685–696 (2010). 
Ex. 1031. 
22 Newman, et al., “An ultrasensitive method for quantitating circulating 
tumor DNA with broad patient coverage,” 20(5) Nat Med. 548–554 (2014). 
Ex. 2152. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
27 
testifies persuasively that “Meyerson’s list does not purport to be 
exhaustive,” and, in fact, “cites Campbell 2008 and Stephens 2009, each 
shallow paired end whole-genome sequencing studies” similar to Leary. See 
Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 28–29. We further credit Dr. Quackenbush’s explanation that it 
is unsurprising that the paragraph in Newman on which Patent Owner relies 
does not include Leary, because it “is plainly discussing studies focused on 
measurements on ctDNA,” whereas “[t]he whole genome sequencing in 
Leary is performed on DNA derived from tissue.” Id. ¶ 30–32; Sur-reply 2–
3. Finally, we do not find persuasive Patent Owner’s conjecture that because 
Leary’s authors used the term whole genome sequencing in 2012 (Ex. 2183) 
but not in Leary 2010 (Ex. 1002), the asserted 2010 reference must not have 
used whole genome sequencing. Sur-reply 9; see Ex. 2183, Abstract 
(describing “Whole-genome analyses of DNA from the plasma”). Instead, 
we credit Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that in the later paper, the authors 
are saying: 
having failed to detect a rearrangement by simply doing digital 
PCR, let’s go back and do PARE, right. Let’s start by doing 
whole genome sequencing, like we did in PARE where we 
found de novo translocations, and look to see what happened, 
right. 
So they’re not replacing PARE with whole genome 
sequencing. They’re replacing digital PCR with PARE, which 
is whole genome sequencing. So I think you’ve got the 
interpretation of this kind of backward, 
Ex. 2188, 215:8–216:10; see also id. at 217:10–20 (Dr. Quackenbush’s 
testimony that one of ordinary skill in the art would understand Leary to 
disclose whole genome sequencing). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
28 
d. Conclusions Regarding the Meaning of Whole Genome 
Sequencing and Its Application to Leary 
In sum, and considering all the evidence of record, we construe whole 
genome sequencing as a non-targeted approach to sequencing all or almost 
all of a genome, which encompasses determining the nucleotide sequence 
covering about 50% or more of a genome. We further find that the 
application of the mate-paired tag/PARE technique in Leary satisfies this 
definition as it is a non-targeted approach, which, the parties agree, resulted 
in the sequencing of about 53% or 60% of the genome (depending on the 
calculation applied). See Reply 6; Sur-reply 14; Ex. 1225 ¶ 66. Finally, and 
irrespective of the term’s precise bounds, we find, on balance, that the art of 
record evidences that the POSA would have recognized that Leary discloses 
whole genome sequencing. 
2. “capture probes” 
Claim step 1(c) involves “generating a second subset of nucleic acid 
molecules . . . by contacting said second nucleic acid sample with a plurality 
of capture probes, wherein said plurality of capture probes hybridize to one 
or more polymorphisms.” The construction of “capture probes” in this 
phrase is particularly relevant as we must address whether the term, properly 
construed, encompasses Leary’s PCR primers. POR 27–31 (Patent Owner’s 
argument that Leary does not teach or suggest “capture probes”). Indeed, 
Patent Owner contends “Foresight’s entire challenge to the ’394 patent 
hinges on a POSA conflating Leary’s PCR primers with the claimed ‘capture 
probes.’” POR 27; see also Tr. 19:19 (“[a] central dispute is the construction 
of capture probes”). 
Patent Owner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood “capture probes” to mean “a nucleic acid sequence that 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
29 
hybridizes to target DNA, either in solution or on a solid support, so that one 
can physically capture and isolate the target DNA”—a definition, it 
contends, excludes PCR primers, such as those employed by Leary. See 
generally, POR 16–31; Sur-reply 2–9. 
For the purpose of institution, we found it sufficient to provisionally 
adopt Petitioner’s proposed definition of “capture probes” as encompassing 
at least, “PCR primer capture probes and solution-based hybridization 
capture probes (e.g., biotinylated oligonucleotide baits).” See DI 23–29. For 
the reasons set forth in our Institution Decision, and as further addressed 
below, we apply that definition here—albeit with a minor modification in 
wording. In particular, we credit Patent Owner’s argument that the phrase 
“PCR primer capture probe” is not a recognized term of art and its use in our 
construction “would improperly inject ambiguity into the claim.” POR 18–
19 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2018, 166:10–169:1, 171:16–175:2; Liquid Dynamics 
Corp. v. Vaughan Co., 355 F.3d 1361, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2004). Although we 
recognize Petitioner’s use of “PCR primer capture probe” as a shorthand for 
its position that, as read in light of the Specification, PCR primers are a 
species of, and/or indistinguishable from, the genus of capture probes, Patent 
Owner’s point is well taken. Accordingly, we clarify the meaning of 
“capture probes,” as used in the instant Specification, to encompass PCR 
primers and solution-based hybridization capture probes (e.g., biotinylated 
oligonucleotide baits). We do not view this modification as altering the 
substance of our provisional construction or the analysis in our Institution 
Decision. 
In considering how one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood “capture probes” in the context of the ’394 patent, we look first 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
30 
to the Specification—“the single best guide to the meaning of a disputed 
term.’” In re Abbott Diabetes Care Inc., 696 F.3d 1142, 1149 (Fed. Cir. 
2012) (quoting Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1315 (Fed. Cir. 2005) 
(en banc)). The ’394 patent’s Specification provides no express definition of 
“capture probes,” but does, as Patent Owner points out, “describe[] several 
features of capture probes.” See POR, 16–17; see also, Tr. 20:1–21:19, 
28:3–9 (“our specification does not provide a definition. It provides some 
description, but not a complete description”). 
With respect to structure, the ’394 patent teaches that, “capture probes 
may comprise one or more nucleotides . . . or 1000 or more nucleotides.” 
Ex. 1001, 31:35–43 (emphasis added); id. at 41:33–34 (“The capture probes 
. . . may comprise one or more nucleotides.” In other words, capture probes 
within the scope of the ’394 patent encompasses a nucleic acid range from a 
single nucleic acid to one of arguably infinite length.23 
The Specification further discloses that a capture probe may 
optionally comprise one or more linkers and/or one or more labels. Ex. 1001, 
31:4–12 (“The capture probe may further comprise one or more linkers. The 
capture probes may further comprise one or more labels. The one or more 
linkers may attach the one or more labels to the nucleic acid binding site.”). 
According to the Specification, the optional linker and/or label component of 
a capture probe encompasses a wide range of suitable materials: 
Examples of linkers include, but are not limited to, hydrazone, 
disulfide, thioether, and peptide linkers. The linker may be a 
peptide linker. The peptide linker may comprise a proline 
 
23 Patent Owner agrees that the Specification encompasses capture probes 
having a length of one nucleotide. POR 23 (citing Ex. 2031 ¶ 69; Ex. 2027 
(Gellert et al., “Helix Formation by Guanylic Acid,” 48 Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. 
2013–2018 (1962)). 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
31 
residue. The peptide linker may comprise an arginine, 
phenylal[a]nine, threonine, glutamine, glutamate, or any 
combination thereof. The linker may be a heterobifunctional 
crosslinker. 
Id. at 43:5–11; see also id. at 42:49–51 (“Suitable linkers comprise 
any chemical or biological compound capable of attaching to a label, 
primer, and/or capture probe disclosed herein.)” 
With respect to “label” (interchangeable with “detectable 
label”), the Specification further teaches that these term’s “generally 
refer() to any chemical moiety attached to a nucleotide.” Id. at 14:22–
29. More particularly, 
labels include, but are not limited to, detectable labels, such as 
radioisotopes, fluorophores, chemiluminophores, chromophore, 
lumiphore, enzymes, colloidal particles, and fluorescent 
microparticles, quantum dots, as well as antigens, antibodies, 
haptens, avidin/streptavidin, biotin, haptens, enzymes 
cofactors/substrates, one or more members of a quenching 
system, a chromogens, haptens, a magnetic particles, materials 
exhibiting nonlinear optics, semiconductor nanocrystals, metal 
nanoparticles, enzymes, aptamers, and one or more members of 
a binding pair. 
Id. at 23:23–36. In addition to the above, the Specification further discloses 
that at least some linker molecules may also be labels. See also id. at 
14:29–42 (further exemplifying labels as including “linker molecules” such 
as “biotin, avidin, streptavidin, HRP, protein A, protein G, antibodies or 
fragments thereof”). Illustrating the breadth of this term, the Specification 
“envision[s] that a change in mass may be considered a detectable label.” Id. 
at 14:42–47. 
The Specification also refers to bead-bound nucleic acid molecules 
“associated with a nucleic acid molecule.” Id. at 14:18–19; 56–58. 
Relatedly, the Specification teaches that “one or more subsets of nucleic acid 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
32 
molecules may be produced by contacting a nucleic acid sample with one or 
more beads, capture probes, labels, or a combination thereof.” Id. at 32:12–
15. “The capture probes, primers, labels, and/or beads may comprise one or 
more nucleotides. The one or more nucleotides may comprise RNA, DNA, a 
mix of DNA and RNA residues or their modified analogs such as 2'-OMe, or 
2'-fluoro (2'-F), locked nucleic acid (LNA), or abasic sites.” Id. at 41:32–37 
(emphasis added). As such, the Specification instructs that the structure of 
capture probes (as well as primers, labels, and/or beads) encompasses a 
nucleic acid of any length, with or without the addition of other adducts—
which, themselves, may comprise a single nucleotide and/or a vast array of 
other entities. 
In addition to the above, the Specification teaches that a capture probe 
may also possess the functional attributes of binding or hybridization. 
Consistent with the plain language of step 1(c)(i), “wherein said plurality of 
capture probes hybridize to one or more polymorphisms,” the Specification 
teaches that “[t]ypically, the capture probe comprises a nucleic acid binding 
site” and “may comprise a nucleic acid binding site that hybridizes to at least 
a portion of the one or more nucleic acid molecules or variant or derivative 
thereof in the sample or subset of nucleic acid molecules.” Id. at 31:7–8, 24–
27. According to the Specification, “a capture probe hybridized nucleic acid 
refers [to] a capture probe associated with a nucleic acid molecule. The 
capture probe and the nucleic acid are in contact with each other.” Id. at 
7:57–64, 14:48–59; see also id. at 22:65–23:9 (discussing genomic 
features/regions that may be hybridized by capture probes). 
The Specification discloses that, “[c]apture probes may hybridize to 
one or more genomic regions” (id. at 22:65–23:1 (emphasis added)), but 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
33 
does not expressly define the size of a nucleic acid binding site, nor the size 
of a genomic region that needs to hybridize with the capture probe, nor 
binding conditions, nor any particular binding affinity for the capture 
probe.24 All that is required functionally, is that the capture probe 
“hybridizes to at least a portion of the one or more nucleic acid molecules or 
variant or derivative thereof in the sample or subset of nucleic acid 
molecules.” Id. at 31:25–27. 
In short, all the Specification requires of capture probe function is that 
it hybridize to one or more nucleic acids. And as articulated at the institution 
stage, “[u]nder some (unspecified) conditions, and at some (unspecified) 
binding affinity, a single nucleic acid would be expected to hybridize with 
its complement and thereby meet the “capture probe” limitation as set out in 
the ’394 patent Specification.” DI, 44 (Jenks J., concurring). 
In provisionally adopting Petitioner’s proposed definition in our 
Institution Decision, we first addressed Patent Owner’s contention that the 
’394 patent “refers to capture probes and primers as separate and 
distinguishable from one another.” See DI 25 (citing e.g., Ex. 1001, 23:23–
36; 32:56–60, 41:33–36). Considering the cited passages and, moreover, the 
entirety of the Specification, we were unable to discern any teaching as to 
how capture probes and primers might be “separate and distinguishable from 
 
24 Given that the Specification teaches that a capture probe may be as short 
as one nucleotide, we might infer that the minimum size of its binding site 
and hybridized genomic region is also one nucleotide. See Ex. 1001, 31:35–
43, 41:33–34; see also POR 23 (Patent Owner’s argument that “[t]he 
specification correctly includes capture probes having a length of one 
nucleotide because there are instances where a single nucleotide can 
function as a capture probe”). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
34 
one another,” as Patent Owner contends. Id. at 25–26. We noted, in 
particular, that 
the Specification evinces no physical characteristics 
differentiating capture probes from primers. Both comprise 
from as few as “one or more nucleotides” to “1000 or more 
nucleotides” (Ex. 1001, 31:35–53, 40:28–54); both include 
nucleotides “compris[ing] RNA, DNA, a mix of DNA and 
RNA . . . modified analogs . . . locked nucleic acid (LNA), or 
abasic sites” (41:32–36); both may—or may not—comprise a 
detectable label (id. at 14:22–47, 23:23–36, 31:54–32:5, 40:29–
35, 41:38–42:3); and both may—or may not—comprise a linker 
(id. at 31:8–9, 31:54–67, 40:29–31, 41:15–26, 42:49–43:11), 
wherein said linker can also be a detectable label (id. at 14:36–
42). 
DI 26. 
With respect to function, we reasoned that because the Specification 
provides no physical difference between capture probes and primers “it 
would appear that the same polynucleotide could be employed as an 
amplification primer and a capture probe.” Id. at 27 (citing Prelim. Resp. 
23). We likewise agreed with Petitioner that “none of the cited passages [by 
Patent Owner] describe ‘primers’ and ‘capture probes’ as mutually exclusive 
or precludes a similarly structured nucleic acid from performing each 
function.” Id. at 23; see also Reply 10–11 (citing POR 19, Ex. 1001, 23:23–
26; Ex. 1225 ¶ 40). 
We also noted Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that dependent claim 
13’s requirement that “capture probes further comprise barcodes,” typically 
indicated the use of PCR primers, but not hybrid capture baits. DI 23–24 
(citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 104–105). And although Patent Owner responds that 
“barcodes can also be used on capture probes” (POR 24 (citing Ex. 2031 
¶ 70; Ex. 2028, 251)), this is not quite on point as Dr. Quackenbush and 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
35 
Mr. West subsequently confirmed that, while the use of barcoded PCR 
primers are well known, where bar codes are used in the context of 
biotinylated oligonucleotide bait systems, the barcodes are not part of the 
capture probes, rather, the barcodes are “part of the [captured DNA] 
molecule that’s being sequenced.” Ex. 1222, 167:20–170:4; Ex. 1225 ¶ 41. 
Patent Owner contends that its proffered definition of “capture 
probes” as meaning “a nucleic acid sequence that hybridizes to target DNA, 
either in solution or on a solid support, so that one can physically capture 
and isolate the target DNA,” excludes PCR primers, such as those employed 
by Leary. See generally, POR 16–31; Sur-reply 2–9. In support of its 
construction, Patent Owner points first to the intrinsic record. Patent Owner 
argues that the Specification “treats capture probes and PCR primers as 
different types of nucleic acids,” that it separately describes the two terms, 
and, for some embodiments, “describe[s] the use of capture probes as a 
separate and distinct step from using PCR primers.” POR 19 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 31:4–32:5, 40:29–41:36, 23:23–26, 32:56–60, 64:29–43, 65:38–
50, 66:53–67). Patent Owner made much the same argument prior to 
Institution, but again, does not adequately describe any physical difference 
between the capture probes and PCR primers in its citations, nor persuade us 
that these entities, so defined in the Specification, are not functionally 
interchangeable. See DI 25–27 (concluding that “reading the Specification, it 
would appear that the same polynucleotide could be employed as an 
amplification primer and a capture probe in Patent Owner’s referenced 
embodiment(s)”). 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
36 
Patent Owner further argues that during the prosecution history of the 
’394 and ’033 patents, the Examiner25 agreed “that ‘pulldown probes’ are 
not PCR primers” and, in conducting prior art searches, the Examiner used 
the terms “capture” and “pull-down” synonymously, without including 
“primers” or “PCR” as search terms. POR 20 (citing Ex. 2004, 14, 17, 25; 
Ex. 2005, 19, 24, 31; Ex. 2024, 3–8, Ex. 2025, 3–25). But as previously 
noted, when the Examiner agreed that “pulldown probes” are not PCR 
primers, “the cited applications involved the claim limitation ‘pulldown 
probe,’ and claims reciting ‘capture probe’ were not before the Office.” DI 
27–28 (“Although the cited interchange does not involve the claim term 
“capture probe,” it shows the Examiner understood that ‘probes’ 
encompassed ‘amplification primers’”). As such, Patent Owner’s argument 
remains of limited value. 
As to Patent Owner’s assertion that the Examiner did not include 
“PCR” or “primers” in conducting prior art searches—but did apply 
“capture” and “pull-down” as synonyms—we note that the Examiner’s 
arguably synonymous search terms further encompassed “enrichment.” See 
Ex. 2024, 3–8 (“(enrich$5 captur$5 pull-down pulldown)”); Ex. 2025, 3–25 
(same). As Patent Owner admits, the prior art recognized PCR as an 
enrichment technique. See, e.g., POR 22 (citing Ex. 1006, 375), 24 (citing 
Ex. 1006, 378–80), 26 (“a POSA would understand that capture probes and 
PCR primers are different enrichment techniques”). As such, we might infer 
that the Examiner understood the search parameters to encompass PCR and 
 
25 Primary Examiner Kaijiang Zhang examined the ’394 patent, the ’337 
application, and the ’215 application. See Ex. 1001, code (74); Ex. 1078, 1; 
Ex. 2004, 2; Ex. 2005, 12. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
37 
PCR primers. Moreover, even if the Examiner had focused solely on the 
smaller genus of pull-down probes, this would still read on a claim more 
broadly reciting “capture probes,” properly construed. In any event, Patent 
Owner’s argument does not overcome the clear evidence in the Specification 
that the inventors chose to so broadly describe capture probes and PCR 
primers as to render the terms interchangeable. At a minimum, we find no 
persuasive evidence in the Specification or cited prosecution history that the 
scope of the term “capture probes” necessarily excludes PCR primers. 
We also find persuasive Petitioner’s evidence that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would not have understood “capture probes” as synonymous 
with “pulldown probes.” Reply 11. In this respect, Mr. West and 
Dr. Quackenbush agree that a “pulldown probe” refers to a biotinylated 
oligonucleotide bait used in a “pulldown assay,” wherein the interaction 
between biotin and streptavidin attached to, e.g., a magnetic bead, “pulls 
down” or precipitates a molecule of interest. See Ex. 1222, 83:18–85:22; 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 39, 48. Patent Owner’s expert, however, testified that “capture 
probes” was a broader term, encompassing at least array-based hybrid 
capture, solution-based hybrid capture, guanine nucleotide––as taught by 
Gellert (Ex. 2027), Southern blot probes, and the zip-code PCR/ligase micro 
detection array probes taught by Gerry.26 See Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 65–70. Moreover, 
focusing on the intrinsic evidence, Petitioner notes: 
The specification is explicit that [biotin and streptavidin] are 
considered “linkers” or “labels,” Ex1001, 14:22-46, 23:23-36, 
31:7-12, which are optional and not necessary components of 
“capture probes.” Thus, molecules that include a nucleic acid 
 
26 Gerry et al., Universal DNA Microarray Method for Multiplex Detection 
of Low Abundance Point Mutations,” 292 J. Mol. Biol., 251–262 (1999). 
(Ex. 2028). 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
38 
binding site but lack any type of label – such as PCR primers – 
must fall within the scope of a “capture probe” as set forth in 
the Specification. Ex1225 ¶¶38–39. 
Reply 11; see also Ex. 1225 ¶ 39 (Dr. Quackenbush’s reasoning that “[t]he 
specification is explicit that biotin and streptavidin are considered ‘linkers’ 
or labels,’ ’394 patent, 14:22–46, 23:23–36, which are optional and not 
necessary components of ‘capture probes.’ Thus, molecules that include a 
nucleic acid binding site but lack any type of additional chemical moiety 
(label or linker) such as biotin, must fall within the scope of a ‘capture 
probe’ as set forth in the Specification. This includes PCR primers, which 
are nucleic acids that hybridize to a target (i.e., contain a nucleic acid 
binding site), but which do not necessarily comprise linkers and/or labels.”) 
 
Although the issued claims of the ’394 patent recite “capture probes” 
rather than the “pull-down probes” limitation sought earlier in prosecution 
(see DI 29 (discussing Ex. 1078, 3; 2004, 17)), Patent Owner’s proposed 
construction requires that “capture probes” “physically capture and isolate 
the target DNA” (POR 17), and “exclusively . . . refer to hybridization 
capture” (Sur-reply 2). This construction is contrary to the Specification for 
the reasons set forth in paragraphs 43–51 of Dr. Quackenbush’s Second 
Declaration, which we adopt, and as further set forth below. In short, while 
the scope of “capture probe” set forth in the Specification clearly 
encompasses a biotinylated oligonucleotide bait and a magnetic bead 
system, which we agree may be used to physically capture and isolate a 
target DNA, Patent Owner chose not to describe or claim its invention so 
narrowly.27 To the contrary, the Specification discloses that the claimed 
 
27 Patent Owner cites TIP Systems for the proposition that “the claims of the 
patent need not encompass all disclosed embodiments. Our precedent is 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
39 
“capture probes” may instead comprise a vast assortment of “linkers” and 
“labels” that suggest neither physical capture nor isolation of a nucleic acid, 
including nucleotides, radioisotopes, fluorophores, chemiluminophores, 
chromophores, electron donors/acceptors, dyes, spin labels, and even mere 
“change(s) in mass” detectable by surface plasmon resonance. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1001, 14:22–47, 31:4–12, 41:32–42:37, 42:49–51 (“Suitable linkers 
comprise any chemical or biological compound capable of attaching to a 
label, primer, and/or capture probe disclosed herein.)”). Consistent with the 
lack of any requirement for either physical capture or isolation, or indeed, 
“target DNA,” Petitioner correctly points out that the relevant limitations of 
claim element 1(c) require only “contacting” a nucleic acid sample with a 
capture probe, whereas the Specification teaches that any subsequent 
“separation” is an “alternative[] or additional[]” step. See Reply 12–13 
(citing Ex. 1001, 32:12–18, 26–33, 37:5–8; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 42–47). As further 
discussed below, we read neither “capture probes,” nor the structure of the 
asserted claims to require a physical isolation.28 See Tr. 26:12–21 (Patent 
Owner’s counsel arguing that “physical isolation by pullout is implicitly 
 
replete with examples of subject matter that is included in the specification, 
but is not claimed.” POR 21 (citing TIP Systems, LLC v. Phillips & 
Brooks/Gladwin Inc., 529 F.3d 1364, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2008)). But the present 
case represents the converse—where, the claims do not limit the scope of a 
term so broadly described in the Specification. 
28 Patent Owner contends that “capture probes can be physically separated 
from [solid support] gels by cutting out the strip of nitrocellulose containing 
the captured nucleotides of interest and eluting the captured nucleotides.” 
POR 21 (citing Ex. 2031 ¶65; Ex. 2026). But even if “capture probes” and/or 
claim element 1(d) were to suggest a separation step, it was well known that 
PCR products could be similarly isolated, which further renders Patent 
Owner’s argument unavailing. See Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 84–88 (citations omitted). 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
40 
required to do the sequencing of limitation 1(d)”); see generally id. at 26:12–
28:9. 
 
Turning to extrinsic evidence, Patent Owner argues that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would recognize that PCR requires two primers (a 
primer pair) to amplify DNA, whereas using, e.g., biotinylated 
oligonucleotide baits and a magnetic bead system, “only one capture probe 
is required to physically pulldown a target DNA strand.” POR 21–22 (citing 
Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 72–76; Ex. 2018, 112:18–115:11; Ex. 2031 ¶ 6629). But while 
the basic methodology of using PCR primers and biotinylated 
oligonucleotide baits are not in dispute, we find nothing in the Specification 
suggesting that a “capture probe” cannot encompass individual PCR primers 
and PCR primer pairs. See e.g., Ex. 1001, 32:12–15 (“one or more subsets of 
nucleic acid molecules may be produced by contacting a nucleic acid 
sample with one or more beads, capture probes, labels, or a combination 
thereof”) (emphasis added); id. at 41:32–33 (“The capture probes, primers, 
labels, and/or beads may comprise one or more nucleotides.”). Indeed, the 
Specification’s teaching that “[t]he methods disclosed herein may comprise 
1 or more, 2 or more . . . capture probes or capture probe sets. The one or 
more capture probes or capture probe sets may be different, similar, 
identical, or a combination thereof,” indicates that “capture probe” should be 
read to encompass both individual PCR primers (where the one or more 
 
29 Dr. Furneaux’s assertion that this indicates “physical differences between 
PCR primers and capture probes” is not persuasive insofar as nothing in the 
Specification prohibits a capture probe from comprising a primer or primer 
pair. Moreover, claim steps 1(c) and 1(e) refer to a “plurality of capture 
probes,” which encompass one or more primers and/or primer pairs. 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
41 
capture probes are identical), and PCR primer pairs (where the one or more 
capture probes are different). See id. at 31:13–23. 
We are also not persuaded by Dr. Furneaux’ s contention that “capture 
probes are uniquely different from PCR in that capture probes physically 
isolate native DNA.” See Ex. 2031 ¶ 74; see also Tr. 25:24–26:9 (Patent 
Owner’s counsel emphasizing that capture probes must isolate original target 
DNA rather than copies thereof). First, we credit Dr. Quackenbush’s 
testimony that this statement is not correct on its face because “[s]olution-
phase hybridization capture baits are frequently used in experiments where 
the target DNA has been PCR amplified and modified with sequencing 
adaptors before capture.” See Ex. 1225 ¶ 50 (citing Ex. 1022, 91; Ex. 203130 
¶ 62). Moreover, as stated by Petitioner, “both PCR primers and solution-
phase baits are used to preserve sequence information and generate enough 
DNA for subsequent sequencing.” Reply 13 (citing Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 49–51); see 
also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 66–78. 
We further credit Petitioner’s evidence that persons of ordinary skill 
in the art understood PCR as a sequence capture technique. See Reply 14–15 
(citing Ex. 1222, 95:15–18, 97:4–21, 170:21–24, Ex. 1030, 3 (PCR primer 
sets used “to capture the starting molecules present in the template”), 
Ex. 1216 (“The major differences with all the platforms are the way in 
which multiple loci are captured and amplified. Microfluidics, emulsion 
PCR and oligo-probes are the different ‘capture’ mechanisms”); Ex. 1217, 3- 
4 (“There are two basic approaches to sequence capture: PCR-based and 
 
30 Gnirke et al., “Solution hybrid selection with ultra-long oligonucleotides 
for massively parallel targeted sequencing,” 27(2) Nature Biotechnology 
182–189 (2009). Ex. 1005. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
42 
hybridization-based, the latter of which can be done either in solution or on 
the surface of an oligonucleotide microarray.” (further referencing “more 
traditional PCR-based capture”); Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 54–57). 
Relatedly, Patent Owner contends that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would understand that PCR primers have different functions and are 
categorized according certain “core reaction principle[s].” POR 22–23. 
According to Patent Owner, 
the core reaction principle of capture probes involves 
hybridizing to “targeted regions of interest, either in solution or 
on a solid support, so that one can physically capture and 
isolate the sequences of interest.” Id. In contrast, the core 
reaction principle of PCR primers is “amplification” of targeted 
regions by a “polymerase chain reaction (PCR)” that copies 
target regions. Id.; see also id. 376, Fig. 1. 
Id. at 22–23 (further citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 70–75; Ex. 2158, 2650; Ex. 2157, 
320, Ex. 2157, 320; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 67–68). Patent Owner similarly argues that 
one of ordinary skill in the art would select a particular enrichment 
procedure (e.g., PCR, on-array hybrid capture, in-solution hybrid capture) 
best suited to a particular research project or field of application. See id. at 
24–27 (citing e.g., Ex. 1006, 375, 378–80; Ex. 1006, 383, Ex. 1007, 114, 
Table 1; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 71–74; Sur-reply 8–9. For the reasons set forth in 
paragraphs 52 and 53 of Dr. Quackenbush’s Second Declaration, which we 
adopt, we do not find Patent Owner’s argument persuasive. See Ex. 1225 
¶¶ 52–53 (citations omitted). In short, that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would evaluate the pros and cons of available enrichment techniques says 
little about whether PCR primers are within the scope of “capture probes” as 
described in the instant Specification. 
 
For the reasons set forth above, and in light of all the evidence of 
record we construe “capture probes,” as used in the instant Specification, to 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
43 
encompass PCR primers and solution-based hybridization capture probes 
(e.g., biotinylated oligonucleotide baits). 
D. Ground 1: Obviousness in View of Leary 
As Ground 1, Petitioner challenges claims 1–11 and 13–19 as 
unpatentable for obviousness in view of Leary. Pet. 18. Supported by the 
testimony of Dr. Quackenbush, Petitioner provides an element-by-element 
comparison of the claims to the cited art. See id. at 28–54; Reply 1–17; 
Resp. 1–3; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 109–209; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 58–103. 
Patent Owner opposes. See POR 5–36; Sur-reply 2–19; Ex. 2007 
¶¶ 12–35; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 84–154. We address with particularity only those 
elements raised by Patent Owner, finding the remaining elements supported 
by Petitioner’s unrebutted arguments and evidence. As Leary is discussed 
above in Section II.C.1.b.i, we begin with Patent Owner’s arguments. 
1. “whole genome sequencing” 
Patent Owner contends that “Leary does not teach or suggest the 
‘whole genome sequencing’ (WGS) required by limitation 1(b).” POR 5. For 
the reasons set forth in section II.C.1, above, Petitioner has sufficiently 
shown that Leary discloses or renders obvious this element. In, particular, 
we construe whole genome sequencing as “a non-targeted approach to 
sequencing all or almost all of a genome,” which encompasses a non-
targeted approach to sequencing about 50% or more of a genome. We 
further determine that the application of the mate-paired tag/PARE 
technique in Leary satisfies this definition as it is a non-targeted approach, 
which results in the sequencing of about 53% or 60% of the genome 
(depending on the calculation applied). See Reply 6; Sur-reply 14; Ex. 1225 
¶ 66. Moreover, the art of record evidences that one of ordinary skill in the 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
44 
art at the time of the invention recognized that Leary discloses whole 
genome sequencing.31 
2. “capture probes” 
Patent Owner contends that Leary fails to disclose “capture probes” as 
used in limitations 1(c)i–ii, when construed in the way urged by Patent 
Owner. POR 16. In section II.C.2, above, we construe “capture probes,” as 
used in the instant Specification, to encompass PCR primers and solution-
based hybridization capture probes (e.g., biotinylated oligonucleotide baits). 
Because Leary discloses the use of PCR primers, Petitioner has sufficiently 
shown that Leary discloses “capture probes,” as would have been understood 
by one of ordinary skill reading the ’394 Specification.32 
3. “plurality of capture probes” 
Patent Owner further contends that Leary fails to teach the “plurality 
of capture probes” recited in limitation 1(e). POR 31–33; Sur-reply 18. In 
addition to its contention that Leary does not teach capture probes at all 
(discussed above), Patent Owner points to Petitioner’s reliance on Leary’s 
Figure 4 for a “plurality of capture probes.” Id. at 31. Patent Owner contends 
 
31 Given that Leary discloses “whole genome sequencing,” properly 
construed, we need not address Patent Owner’s argument that one of 
ordinary skill in the art “would need to modify Leary to . . . cover all the 
base pairs in the human genome.” Sur-reply 14–16; see also Section II.C.1.a, 
above (finding that sequencing all of a genome was unachievable at the time 
of the invention). 
32 Given that Leary discloses “capture probes,” properly construed, we need 
not address Patent Owner’s argument that one of ordinary skill in the art 
“would not have been motivated to completely redesign Leary’s PCR 
primer-based targeted PARE assay to [for example,] . . . change the core 
reaction principle from PCR primers to capture probes.” See POR 34. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
45 
that this disclosure relates to the analysis of “a single chromosomal 
rearrangement . . . . with a single primer pair.” Id. (citing Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 143–
145). Patent Owner similarly argues that although Leary Figure 1 indicates 
the preparation of multiple mate-pair tags to identify “patient-specific 
rearrangements,” “the actual experiment conducted by Leary . . . monitored 
just one chromosomal rearrangement”—also presumably using a single 
primer pair. See id. at 32 (citing Pet. 38–30). As such, Patent Owner argues 
that Petitioner “fails to explain how Leary’s single primer pair that 
function(s) as a single unit constitutes a plurality of capture probes.” Id. at 
32 (citing Ex. 2018 114:21–115:11; Ex. 2160; Ex. 1006, 380). 
We do not find Patent Owner’s argument persuasive for the reasons 
set forth on page 16 of the Reply, which we adopt. See Reply 16 (citing 
Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 89–92). As noted in section II.C.2, above, the breadth of the 
Specification encompasses individual PCR primers and PCR primer pairs 
within the scope of “capture probes.” See Ex. 1001, 31:13–23 (“The 
methods disclosed herein may comprise 1 or more, 2 or more . . . capture 
probes or capture probe sets. The one or more capture probes or capture 
probe sets may be different, similar, identical, or a combination thereof.”). In 
practice, each individual primer of a primer pair will be present in many 
copies such that both the individual primer, and a single pair of primers 
satisfy the “multiplicity” requirement. To the extent Patent Owner implicitly 
reads “a plurality of capture probes” as requiring different nucleic acid 
sequences that bind to different targets, such a “requirement” is met by the 
multiplicity of copies of a single PCR primer pair, which Patent Owner 
admits is disclosed in Leary’s Figure 4. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
46 
In the alternative, even were we to accept Patent Owner’s argument 
that the “plurality of capture probes” limitation is not satisfied by a single 
PCR primer pair, we credit Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that Leary 
“expressly motivates tracking multiple PCR amplicon biomarkers in the 
same patient,” and implicitly describes or renders obvious the use of 
multiple PCR primer pairs as required under claim step 1(e). See Ex. 1225, 
¶ 92. 
For the reasons set forth above, Petitioner has sufficiently shown that 
Leary discloses “a plurality of capture probes,” as would have been 
understood by one of ordinary skill reading the ’394 Specification. 
4. “second nucleic acid sample” 
Claim step 1(c) recites “generating a second subset of nucleic acid 
molecules from a second nucleic acid sample of said individual… wherein 
said first sample or said second sample is obtained from said subject at a 
first time point.” With respect to this limitation, the Petition states that 
“Leary obtains tumor samples at a first time point, when the tumor sample is 
resected, and also discloses obtaining plasma samples at multiple time points 
after tumor resection.” Pet. 36–37 (citing Ex. 1002, 1, 2 (Fig 1), 4; Ex. 1020 
¶¶ 136–137) (emphasis removed). 
Patent Owner contends that because Petitioner relies on the initial 
resected tumor sample for both limitations 1(a) and 1(c)(1), that it has failed 
to identify a second nucleic acid sample in Leary. POR 15–16. With respect 
to this aspect of its proofs, Petitioner contends that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would understand that different nucleic acid samples can be taken 
from the same tumor sample. Reply 9–10 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 99). Patent 
Owner reasonably responds that Petitioner has not established why the 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
47 
skilled artisan would extract a second nucleic sample from the initial 
resected tumor sample. Sur-reply 17. Patent Owner’s argument is ultimately 
unavailing as it mis-understands the argument in the Petition. See Pet. 36–37 
(citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 136–137). 
In particular, Petitioner and Dr. Quackenbush point to Leary’s 
Figure 1, reproduced below, as illustrating Leary’s disclosure of first and 
second nucleic acid samples. Pet. 37; Ex. 1020 ¶ 137. 
 
Leary’s Figure 1 is a schematic of the PARE approach, illustrating that a 
first DNA sample is taken from a patient’s resected tumor, and a second 
DNA sample is taken from the same patient for “tumor monitoring of 
plasma samples or other bodily fluids.” Ex. 1002, Fig. 1. The graph in the 
lower right-hand corner of Figure 1 further illustrates a series of seven 
samples taken from the same patient to monitor tumor load in the patient 
over time. Id.; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 143–146 (further discussing the 
detection of a patient’s tumor DNA in successive samples in Leary’s 
Figures 1 and 4). 
We also credit Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that the text of Leary 
similarly “discloses that the second sample may be a plasma sample from 
the patient taken at time points after the initial tumor resection.” Ex. 1020 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
48 
¶ 137. In particular, Leary states: 
To determine whether the rearranged sequences could actually 
be detected in clinical samples, we evaluated circulating DNA 
from plasma samples of patients Hx402 and Hx403. The 
sample from patient Hx403 was obtained before surgery, 
whereas the samples from patient Hx402 were obtained before 
and after surgery. . . . PCR amplification of plasma DNA using 
primers spanning the breakpoints produced products of the 
expected sizes only in the plasma samples from patients with 
disease and not in plasma from healthy controls (Fig. 4A). 
Sequencing the PCR products from plasma DNA identified the 
identical breakpoints observed in the tumor DNA samples. 
Id. (quoting Ex. 1002, 4). 
 
In view of the above, Petitioner has sufficiently shown that Leary 
discloses the “second nucleic acid sample” recited in claim step 1(c). 
5. “third sequencing assay” and Claim 19 
Claim step 1(f) recites, in part, “conducting a third sequencing assay 
on said additional subset of nucleic acid molecules from said additional 
nucleic acid sample to yield a third result comprising a third nucleic acid 
sequence.” Claim 19 similarly recites “repeating said third sequencing assay 
one or more times” on “a fourth nucleic acid sequence.” As we understand 
the Petition, Petitioner and Dr. Quackenbush point to Leary’s PCR 
amplification and monitoring of successive plasma samples over time as 
shown in Figures 1 and 4 as evidencing a third (and additional) subsets of 
nucleic acid molecules. See Pet. 41; Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 147–148. Petitioner then 
points to Leary’s statement regarding the “‘[s]equencing of the PCR 
products from plasma DNA’ to confirm whether the rearrangement observed 
in the plasma ‘identified the identical breakpoints observed in the tumor 
DNA samples.’” Pet. 41. “Accordingly,” Petitioner contends, “Leary 
discloses, and at a minimum renders obvious, conducting a sequencing assay 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
49 
on PCR products generated from each plasma sample, including the plasma 
sample from which the third subset of nucleic acid molecules was 
generated.” Id. (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 148). Petitioner further contends that 
claim 19 would similarly be obvious because “Leary discloses reanalyzing 
the patient’s biomedical status (e.g., cancer progression) at multiple time 
points (at least six) following the first sequencing assay, including by 
monitoring tumor-associated nucleic acid levels in multiple samples 
collected at different subsequent timepoints and plotting them on a 
biomedical report to monitor that status.” Pet. 53–54 (citing Ex. 1002, 
Fig. 4B, Ex. 1020 ¶ 207–209). 
But as Patent Owner points out, Petitioner relies on Leary’s disclosure 
of sequencing PCR products from plasma DNA to confirm whether the 
rearrangements observed in the plasma “identified the identical breakpoints 
observed in the tumor DNA samples,” as covering the “second sequencing 
assay on said second subset of nucleic acid molecules,” recited in claim 
step 1(d). POR 33 (citing Pet. 37–38). As we understand the reference, 
Leary sequenced PCR products obtained from the initial plasma DNA 
samples, but did not conduct this sequencing at later time points. See 
Ex. 1004, 4. As such, we agree with Dr. Furneaux that “Leary does not 
disclose conducting an additional verification (i.e., a re-verification) 
sequencing step,” i.e., the “third sequencing assay” recited in claim step 1(f), 
nor the additional sequencing steps required by claim 19. See Ex. 2031 
¶¶ 147, 154. 
With respect whether it would have been obvious to conduct further 
sequencing on Leary’s later plasma samples, Patent Owner and 
Dr. Furneaux contend that such re-verification sequencing was unnecessary, 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
50 
and “Leary’s workflow was already ‘difficult to implement on a routine 
basis’ and more sequencing steps would be expected to make the workflow 
even more difficult to implement and lead to even less adoption. Adding 
sequencing steps to Leary’s workflow would add more data analysis, cost, 
and time.” Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 147–148, 154 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1030, 8, 10); 
POR 33–34. 
We do not find Patent Owner’s argument with respect to obviousness 
persuasive for the reasons in the Petition, which we adopt. See Pet. 41–44 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 148–154). Briefly, and summarized in the Reply, 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have “recognized that performing 
additional sequencing had become, and was becoming, significantly cheaper 
and more accessible between the publication of Leary and the priority date.” 
Reply 17 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 151; Ex. 1222, 128:23–129:19). Indeed, 
Dr. Furneaux testified that, even though “Leary’s workflow only sequences 
the tumor and matched normal sample once,” Leary reports “seven cases 
where the amplicons were sequenced for verification” (albeit without 
reporting the sequence results)—which tends to undercut Patent Owner’s 
argument regarding the burden of additional sequencing even at the time 
Leary was published. See Ex. 2031 ¶ 148. 
Against this backdrop of increasing availability of sequencing 
information, Petitioner plausibly asserts that additional sequencing of 
“Leary’s PCR products would have been motivated at least by the desire of 
cancer patients to obtain the most complete and accurate information 
available, given that sequencing PCR products involved no more than 
routine skill.” Reply 16 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 150, 153 (noting, for example, 
that such an approach was employed by Forshew)). And as further 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
51 
articulated by Dr. Quackenbush, one of ordinary skill in the art “would have 
been particularly motivated to use a confirmatory sequencing step in the 
context of Leary’s methods, given that the purpose of the analysis is to 
predict the status of the patient’s cancer.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 150. And “[p]roviding 
the inquisitive patient and their physician with further information regarding 
the progress of the patient’s treatment would . . . have further motivated a 
POSA to conduct sequencing of the nucleic acid subsets generated at 
additional timepoints.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002, 8). 
On balance, and for the reasons noted above, Petitioner has 
sufficiently shown that Leary renders obvious the “third sequencing assay” 
recited in claim step 1(f), as well as the subsequent step of “repeating said 
third sequencing assay one or more times,” required by dependent claim 19. 
6. Claims 17 and 18 
Dependent claims 17 and 18 require that the “whole genome 
sequencing produces at least [750,000,000 or 1,000,000,000] sequencing 
reads.” According to Petitioner, “[d]etermining the optimal number of 
sequencing reads for a given application would have required no more than 
routine optimization of predictable and well-known sequencing techniques,” 
and a person of ordinary skill in the art “would have been motivated to 
sequence to greater depths of coverage in the context of cancer detection and 
monitoring to increase the accuracy and reduce the error rate of the assay.” 
Pet. 52; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 201–206. 
Petitioner contends that such an increase in coverage “would have 
been obvious to implement, especially given that sequencing times and costs 
decreased rapidly between 2010 and 2013.” Id. According to 
Dr. Quackenbush, Leary discloses that its whole genome sequencing was to 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
52 
“an 18-fold physical coverage of the human genome” whereas “sequencing 
to greater depths of coverage was routine by 2013, in particular using the 
Illumina sequencers that had become the industry standard,” and sequencing 
the claimed number of reads, “involves, at most, repeating experiments that 
were already performed successfully.” Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 203–204 (citing 
Ex. 1002, 1; Ex. 1028 (“[I]t is very easy to increase the coverage or 
sequence depth, if you later decide you need more data.”); see also Ex. 2018, 
94:8–97:4 (Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that sequence coverage depends on 
the application). 
In illustrating that it would have been routine to achieve the claimed 
number of sequencing reads, Dr. Quackenbush calculates that “using 
Leary’s 25 bp read length and sequencing to a depth of coverage of 30x 
would have resulted in 3,600,000,000 sequencing reads.” Pet. 52–53 (citing 
Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 201–206). Patent Owner responds that, without more, the 
selection of 30x sequencing depth “reveals improper hindsight” and that 
Petitioner provides no reasoned analysis why a person of ordinary skill 
would increase coverage to 30x as opposed to any other multiplier. POR 35 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 151–152). 
On balance, Petitioner has the better argument. In sum, we agree with 
Petitioner’s argument and evidence that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have been motivated to increase sequence coverage to increase the accuracy 
and reduce the error rate of the assay, and that achieving the number of 
sequence reads recited in claims 17 and 18 would have required no more 
than routine optimizations of predictable and well-known sequencing 
techniques. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
53 
Accordingly, Petitioner has shown sufficiently that dependent claims 
17 and 18 are obvious in view of Leary. 
7. Objective Indicia of Non-Obviousness 
Objective indicia of non-obviousness may include long-felt but 
unsolved need, failure of others, unexpected results, commercial success, 
copying, licensing, industry praise, and expert skepticism. Mintz v. Dietz & 
Watson, Inc., 679 F.3d 1372, 1379 (Fed. Cir. 2012). “[O]bjective indicia 
‘may often be the most probative and cogent evidence of nonobviousness in 
the record,’” and “help turn back the clock and place the claims in the 
context that led to their invention.” Id. at 1378. Evidence of objective indicia 
of non-obviousness “must always when present be considered en route to a 
determination of obviousness.” Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling, 
Inc. v. Maersk Drilling USA, Inc., 699 F.3d 1340, 1349 (Fed. Cir. 2012); see 
also Apple Inc. v. Samsung Elecs. Co., 839 F.3d 1034, 1048 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(en banc). Such evidence, however, does not necessarily control the 
obviousness conclusion. See, e.g., Pfizer, Inc. v. Apotex, Inc. 480 F.3d 1348, 
1372 (Fed. Cir. 2007). (“Here, the record establishes such a strong case of 
obviousness that Pfizer’s alleged unexpectedly superior results are 
ultimately insufficient.”) 
But objective indicia of non-obviousness are “only relevant to the 
obviousness inquiry ‘if there is a nexus between the claimed invention and 
the [objective indicia of non-obviousness].’” In re Affinity Labs of Tex., 
LLC, 856 F.3d 883, 901 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (quoting Ormco Corp. v. Align 
Tech., Inc., 463 F.3d 1299, 1312 (Fed. Cir. 2006)). For objective indicia of 
non-obviousness to be accorded substantial weight, their proponent must 
establish a nexus between the evidence and the merits of the claimed 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
54 
invention. ClassCo, Inc. v. Apple, Inc., 838 F.3d 1214, 1220 (Fed. Cir. 
2016). “[A] patentee is entitled to a rebuttable presumption of nexus 
between the asserted evidence of secondary considerations and a patent 
claim if the patentee shows that the asserted evidence is tied to a specific 
product and that the product ‘is the invention disclosed and claimed.’” Fox 
Factory, Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (quoting 
Demaco Corp. v. F. Von Langsdorff Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 
(Fed. Cir. 1988)). 
Relying on paragraph 178 of Dr. Furneaux’s Second Declaration 
(Ex. 2031), Patent Owner contends it is “entitled to a presumption of nexus 
because Personalis’ NeXT Personal® assay embodies claim 1.” POR 81; 
Sur-reply 26. Patent Owner further asserts—without citation or 
elaboration—that “the evidence independently shows a nexus.” POR 81. 
Patent Owner further contends that its Personalis’ NeXT Personal assay has 
“received industry praise due in part to its sensitivity,” which it contrasts to 
that of Leary (POR 81–82 (citing Ex. 1002, 4, Fig. 4B; Ex. 2001; Ex. 2035 
¶ 11, 14–16, 18–20; Ex. 2153; Ex. 2154; Ex. 2156)), and argues that 
“industry[] experts held skepticism toward solving the challenges of 
conducting highly sensitive genome sequencing using capture probes” and 
“how to handle [a] massive amount of sequencing data” (id. at 83–84 (citing 
Ex. 1030, 10; Ex. 1031, 686; Ex. 1004, 48; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 181–182; Ex. 1017, 
3)). 
Paragraph 178 of Dr. Furneaux’s Second Declaration, the only 
substantive evidence it provides in support of nexus, is a bare statement that 
“Personalis is entitled to a presumption of nexus because, as detailed in the 
following chart, Personalis’ NeXT Personal® assay embodies claim 1 of the 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
55 
’394 Patent.” Ex. 2031 ¶ 178. The referenced chart appears to compare 
claim 1 of the ’394 patent to cut-and-paste excerpts of Exhibit 2012 
(Personalis NeXT Personal Brochure). Id. 
In our Institution Decision, we considered Petitioner’s argument that 
“Patent Owner’s nexus evidence is supported by ‘only a cursory attorney-
created claim chart,’” and invited the parties to more fully “present argument 
and evidence on this issue,” such that we could “consider objective evidence 
of non-obviousness after development of a full trial record.” DI 33. Patent 
Owner’s mere inclusion of the same claim chart in Dr. Furneaux’s Second 
Declaration—absent any substantive investigation or guidance by 
Dr. Furneaux—and, moreover, absent any substantive explanation or 
argument in Patent Owner’s briefs, does not suffice. See Ex. 1223, 35:15–
38:24 (Dr. Furneaux’s testimony that his input in reviewing the claim chart 
was merely “to check that what's in the left-hand-side column there is, in 
fact, recapitulated in the right-hand-side column.”). Patent Owner has thus, 
“left it up to us to figure out” whether nexus exists. See Reply 27 (citing 
Microsoft Corp. v. Synkloud Technologies, LLC, No. 2020-00316 (P.T.A.B. 
Jun. 14, 2021)). We decline to do so. See DeSilva v. DiLeonardi, 181 F.3d 
865, 867 (7th Cir. 1999) (“A brief must make all arguments accessible to the 
judges, rather than ask them to play archaeologist with the record.”). 
Considering the still incomplete record before us, Patent Owner has not 
satisfied its threshold burden of showing that its asserted evidence of 
secondary considerations is tied to a specific product, where that product “is 
the invention disclosed and claimed.” See Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1373. 
A prima facie case of nexus cannot be made by simply showing that 
“the patent claims broadly cover the product that is the subject of the 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
56 
evidence of secondary considerations.” See Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1377 
Accordingly, even were we to accept Dr. Furneux’s conclusory testimony 
that claim 1 “embodies” (i.e., covers) the NeXT Personal assay, that is not 
alone sufficient to establish coextensiveness and the necessary degree of 
correspondence between the product and scope of the claims entitling Patent 
Owner here to a presumption of nexus. Dr. Furneaux does not, for example, 
explain why alleged success of the NeXT Personal assay is even 
substantially due to “the invention disclosed and claimed” as opposed to, for 
example, some significant unclaimed features. See id. at 944 F.3d at 1373. 
In view of the above, we find that Patent Owner has not met its 
burden on the nexus issue. WMS Gaming Inc. v. Int’l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 
1339, 1359 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (“The patentee bears the burden of showing that 
a nexus exists.”). 
We further note that, “[w]here the offered secondary consideration 
actually results from something other than what is both claimed and novel in 
the claim, there is no nexus to the merits of the claimed invention.” In re 
Kao, 639 F.3d 1057 (Fed. Cir. 2011). In this respect, Patent Owner anchors 
its evidence of industry praise and skepticism largely on the alleged 
sensitivity of its commercial product. POR 83–84 (e.g., referencing “the 
challenges of conducting highly sensitive genome sequencing using capture 
probes” and “difficulties regarding ‘how to handle the massive amount of 
sequencing data’”). But the sensitivity allegedly displayed by Patent 
Owner’s commercial product is not claimed, nor even discussed in the 
Specification. Nor does Patent Owner link any patent claim or portion of the 
Specification to a solution for handl[ing] . . . “massive amount(s) of 
sequencing data.” See POR 84 (citing Ex. 1017, 3). Moreover, to the extent 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
57 
Patent Owner’s alleged high sensitivity derives from the use of “genome 
sequencing using capture probes,” such techniques would appear to be 
encompassed by the prior art under our construction of “capture probes.” 
Considering the above, we ascribe no weight to Patent Owner’s 
secondary considerations evidence. 
8. Conclusion as to Ground 1, Claims 1–11 and 13–19 
Considering the record before us, and in light of our constructions of 
“whole genome sequencing” and “capture probes,” we find that Petitioner 
has shown persuasively that claims 1–11, 13–19 are unpatentable in view of 
Leary. 
E. Ground 2: Obviousness in View of Leary and Ley 
As to Ground 2, Petitioner further challenges claims 1–11 and 13–19 
as unpatentable for obviousness in view of Leary, as discussed above, and 
further in view of Ley. See Pet. 11, 54–58; Reply 17–18; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 210–
220; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 104–107. Patent Owner opposes. See POR 36–37; Sur-
reply 19–20; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 155–162. As Leary is discussed above, we begin 
with an overview of Ley. 
1. Overview of Ley (Exhibit 1012) 
Ley discloses the use of whole-genome sequencing to identify tumor-
specific single nucleotide variants (SNVs) in a patient with acute myeloid 
leukemia. See, e.g., Ex. 1012, Abstract, 67. According to Ley: 
Whole-genome sequencing is now possible at a reasonable cost 
and timeframe to use this approach for the unbiased discovery 
of tumour-specific somatic mutations that alter the protein-
coding genes. Here we present the results obtained from 
sequencing a typical acute myeloid leukaemia genome, and its 
matched normal counterpart obtained from the same patient’s 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
58 
skin. We discovered ten genes with acquired mutations; two 
were previously described mutations that are thought to 
contribute to tumour progression, and eight were new mutations 
present in virtually all tumour cells at presentation and relapse. 
Id. at Abstract. In particular, Ley “used massively parallel sequencing 
technology to sequence the genomic DNA of tumour and normal skin cells 
obtained from a patient with a typical presentation of French-American-
British (FAB) subtype M1 acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) with normal 
cytogenetics.” Id. at 66. 
Using a commercially-available Illumina Genome Analyzer, Ley 
achieved about 82% and 90% diploid coverage of the tumor and normal skin 
cell genomes, respectively. Id. at 67. Ley also reports sequencing data 
comprising “32.7-fold ‘haploid’ coverage (98 billion bases)” for the tumor 
genome, “and 13.9-fold coverage (41.8 billion bases) . . . for the normal skin 
sample.” Id. at 66. According to Ley: 
After alignment to the human reference genome, sequence 
variants were discovered in the tumour genome and compared 
to the patient’s normal sequence, to the dbSNP database, and to 
variants recently reported for two other human genomes; 
revealing new single nucleotide and small insertion/deletion 
(indel) variants genome-wide. Somatic mutations were detected 
in genes not previously implicated in AML pathogenesis, 
demonstrating the need for unbiased whole-genome approaches 
to discover all mutations associated with cancer pathogenesis. 
Id. at 67 (internal endnote numbers omitted). Ley further reports that “[f]or 
the purposes of this initial study, we restricted our downstream analysis to 
the coding sequences of annotated genes,” noting that these included 
alterations in eight protein-coding sequences including “previously 
described, recurrent somatic insertions in the FLT3 and NPM1 genes.” Id. 
at 66. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
59 
Using a panel of 10 tumor-specific mutations, Ley compared the 
initial sequencing data to that from the same patient after relapse: 
To better define the percentage of tumour cells that contained 
each of the discovered somatic mutations, we amplified each 
mutation containing locus from non-amplified genomic DNA 
derived from the de novo and relapse tumour samples, and from 
the skin biopsy obtained at presentation. The resulting 
amplicons were sequenced using the Roche/454 FLX platform, 
and the frequency of reads containing the reference and variant 
alleles were defined (Fig. 3 and Table 3). 
Id. at 69; see also id. (Figure 3 legend noting that “the normal skin sample 
was contaminated with leukaemic cells containing the somatic mutations. 
The patient’s white blood cell count was105,000 (85% blasts) when the skin 
punch biopsy was obtained.”). 
 
As indicated above, Table 3, reproduced below, shows the frequency 
of reads containing the reference and variant alleles. 
 
Table 3 shows Roche/454 FLX readcount data for ten tumor-specific 
mutations and two known SNPs (BRCA2 and TP53) in the primary tumour, 
relapse tumour, and skin specimens. Id. 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
60 
Figure 3 of Ley is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 3 is a graphical representation the data shown in Table 3, above, 
where the asterisks indicate statistical significance as compared to the skin 
sample for all mutations (P<0.000001, Fisher’s exact test). 
2. Analysis 
In short, Petitioner contends that the addition of “Ley further renders 
obvious alternative embodiments within the scope of the claim step 1(c), 
including selecting different types of polymorphisms as well as 
polymorphisms ‘based on or extracted from one or more databases of 
polymorphisms’ whether alone or in combination with the polymorphisms 
Leary identified in its samples.” Pet. 54–55 (emphasis omitted). As 
described by Petitioner, Ley detected these polymorphisms via whole-
genome sequencing, and then used probe-based capture techniques like 
Leary’s to “monitor[] polymorphisms that were found in ‘the coding 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
61 
sequences of annotated genes,’” both “at [the] time of primary tumor 
sampling and at relapse” Id. at 57 (citing Ex. 1012, 66, 70) (emphasis 
omitted); see also id. at 58 (presenting additional arguments with respect to 
claims 1 and 5); 
In opposing Ground 2, Patent Owner argues that Ley fails to address 
defects previously identified in Ground 1 (based on Leary alone). POR 
36–37; Sur-reply 19–20. But as addressed above, Petitioner has 
demonstrated that claims 1–11, 13–19 are unpatentable in view of Leary 
alone. Patent Owner’s other arguments are premised on its constructions of 
“whole genome sequencing” and “capture probes.” 
Patent Owner argues, for example, that the Ley authors would not 
have had access to sufficient resources to pursue whole genome sequencing 
at 90% sequence coverage, moreover, Ley’s method would not have been 
feasible without performing whole genome sequencing twice. POR 36–37; 
Sur-reply 19–20 (discussing the “data burden and cost constraints of WGS”). 
We do not find these arguments availing in light of our construction of 
“whole genome sequencing” as understood in light of the instant 
Specification. See Section II.C.1, above. 
Patent Owner also appears to argue that Petitioner has not sufficiently 
explained how one of ordinary skill in the art would have “replac[ed] 
Leary’s PCR-based approach with capture probes” with a reasonable 
expectation of success. POR 37–38, 20. Again, we do not find these 
arguments availing in light of our construction of “capture probes” as 
understood in light of the instant Specification, and further in view of our 
determination that whole genome sequencing is described in Leary alone. 
See Section II.C.2, above. We also do not find Patent Owner’s remaining 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
62 
arguments availing for the reasons set forth at pages 17–18 of Petitioner’s 
Reply and paragraphs 104–107 of Dr. Quackenbush’s Second Declaration, 
both of which we adopt. 
Considering the record before us, and in light of our constructions of 
“whole genome sequencing” and “capture probes,” we find that Petitioner 
has shown persuasively that claims 1–11 and 13–19 are unpatentable in view 
of Leary and Ley. 
F. Ground 3: Obviousness in View of Leary, Liao, and Chan 
As to Ground 3, Petitioner challenges claims 1–19 as unpatentable for 
obviousness in view of Leary, Liao, and Chan. See Pet. 18, 58–77; 
Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 221–252; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 104–107. Patent Owner opposes. POR 
39–81; Sur-reply 20–26. Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 163–176. As Leary has been discussed 
above, we begin with an overview of Liao and Chan. 
1. Overview of Liao (Exhibit 1009) 
Liao discloses that “[m]assively parallel sequencing has recently been 
used in noninvasive prenatal diagnosis,” but notes that it is currently costly 
and sample throughput is still relatively low for a use as a molecular 
diagnostic. Ex. 1009, 92. According to Liao, “[r]ather than nonselectively 
sequencing the genome, target enrichment provides a logical approach for 
more efficient and cost-effective massively parallel sequencing because it 
increases the proportion of informative data from the targeted region(s).” Id. 
To obtain enriched DNA for sequencing, Liao used “an in-solution capture 
strategy” to obtain about 213-fold enrichment of fetal X chromosome DNA 
from maternal plasma samples. Id. at 92, 94 (disclosing sample set of 12 
women carrying female fetuses and use of a “SureSelect Human X 
Chromosome Kit (Agilent)”), 98–100. 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
63 
According to Liao: 
[W]e incubated 500 ng of the amplified plasma DNA library 
with the capture probes for 24 h at 65 °C, in accordance with 
the manufacturer’s instructions. After hybridization, we 
selected captured targets by pulling down the biotinylated 
probe/target hybrids with streptavidin-coated magnetic beads 
(Dynabeads M-280 Streptavidin; Invitrogen) and purified the 
targets with the MinElute PCR Purification Kit (Qiagen). 
Finally, we enriched the targeted-DNA libraries by 12-cycle 
PCR amplification with the SureSelect GA PCR primers 
(Agilent). 
Id. at 94. Samples were sequenced on a Genome Analyzer IIx (Illumina) to 
identify fetus-specific SNPs. Id. Liao concludes: 
After target enrichment in the present study, the mean sequence 
coverage increased 83-fold, which allowed 95.9% of the 
paternally inherited alleles within the targeted region to be 
detected. The high probability for detecting a fetus specific 
allele, if present, suggests that targeted sequencing would be a 
powerful method for accurately measuring the proportion of 
fetal DNA in a particular sample. 
Id. at 100. 
2. Overview of Chan (Exhibit 1008) 
Chan discloses “shotgun massively parallel sequencing (MPS) of 
plasma DNA from cancer patients to scan a cancer genome noninvasively.” 
Ex. 1008, 211. According to Chan, “[t]he presence of tumor-derived DNA in 
the plasma of cancer patients offers exciting opportunities for the detection 
and monitoring of cancer.” Id at 211. Chan states, however, that, “[m]ost of 
the previously published work on plasma DNA as a cancer marker has 
focused on the detection of specific and predetermined molecular targets 
known to be associated with cancer by means of such methods such as the 
PCR.” Id.; see also id. at 223 (noting that “solution-phase hybridization-
based capture approaches have already been successfully used to enrich 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
64 
plasma DNA for noninvasive prenatal diagnosis” (citing Liao, Ex. 1009)). In 
contrast to this targeted approach, Chan employed a “nontargeted random–or 
shotgun–sequencing approach” “to obtain a noninvasive, genomewide view 
of cancer associated copy number variations and mutations in DNA in 
plasma.” Id. at 212. 
Illustrating the shotgun MPS approach, Chen follows the proportions 
of cancer-associated chromosomal aberrations in the plasma of four 
hepatocellular carcinoma patients over time, before and after resection. Id. at 
211 ((“Four hepatocellular carcinoma patients . . . were recruited. DNA was 
extracted from the tumor tissues, and the preoperative and postoperative 
plasma samples of these patients were analyzed with shotgun MPS.”), 212, 
217–219; see also id. at 219–221 (MPS analysis on patient with breast and 
ovarian cancers). Chen concludes that shotgun MPS 
would allow genomic aberrations harbored by tumor cells 
within a patient to be scanned at different levels of resolution, 
ranging from a global view of cancer-associated copy number 
aberrations to point mutations carried by different clones of 
tumor cells. This approach would allow qualitative and 
quantitative aspects of such aberrations to be followed serially, 
as evidenced by the changes we observed in the pre- and 
postsurgery plasma samples. 
Id. at 221. 
Chan further states that, although “the shotgun sequencing approach 
we have described is relatively expensive compared with many targeted 
approaches . . . cost is not expected to be as much of an obstacle in the near 
future. ” Id. at 221. According to Chan, 
[o]ne can also envision the possibility of using shotgun 
sequencing of a plasma sample upon presentation of a cancer 
patient, mining the shotgun sequencing data of plasma DNA for 
copy number aberrations and SNVs, and then specifically 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
65 
targeting such sequences for serial monitoring purposes. In this 
regard, solution-phase hybridization-based capture approaches 
have already been successfully used to enrich plasma DNA for 
noninvasive prenatal diagnosis (34, 35). Hence, we see that the 
targeted and shotgun approaches can be used in combination for 
cancer detection and monitoring. 
Id. 
3. Overview of Petitioner’s Argument 
According to Petitioner, 
Leary discloses performing an initial whole-genome sequencing 
step to identify mutations (polymorphisms) of interest in a 
tumor sample, and then interrogating those mutations serially 
by detecting them in the patient’s blood at subsequent time 
points. To detect the mutations in the blood, Leary discloses 
generating subsets of nucleic acids from blood samples by 
contacting them with PCR primer capture probes that hybridize 
to the nucleic acid sequences harboring the mutations, and 
renders obvious sequencing those subsets of nucleic acids in a 
sequencing assay. 
Pet. 58–59 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 222) (emphasis removed). Petitioner 
argues that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have found it obvious to modify Leary’s protocol by, 
following an initial whole-genome sequencing step, generating 
subsequent subsets of nucleic acid molecules by contacting 
blood or plasma samples with solution-phase hybridization 
probes that target (capture) the additional types of 
polymorphisms taught in Chan, including SNVs/SNPs and 
CNVs, followed by next-generation sequencing of those subsets 
of nucleic acids. A POSA would have found it obvious to use 
such techniques either as a replacement for Leary’s PCR primer 
capture probes, or as an adjunct to them, given, for example, 
that solution-phase hybridization probes can be optimal for 
identifying and detecting mutations like SNPs. 
Pet. 59 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 223) (emphasis removed). More particularly, 
Petitioner contends a person of ordinary skill in the art would have been 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
66 
motivated, with a reasonable expectation of success, to employ “solution-
phase hybridization probes [as taught by Chan] in Leary’s workflow to 
generate subsets of nucleic acids, followed by NGS to sequence those 
subsets to detect the presence or absence of a polymorphism of interest, as 
claimed in steps 1(c)-1(f).” Id. at 60 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 224) (emphasis 
removed). In this respect, Petitioner notes that “the use of solution-phase 
hybridization followed by NGS to serially track tumor-associated 
polymorphisms in the blood following an initial WGS step is expressly 
contemplated by Chan[,]” which employs “shotgun MPS to obtain a 
noninvasive, genomewide view of cancer-associated copy number variations 
and mutations in DNA in plasma.” See id. at 60–61 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 225–
227; Ex. 1008, 212, 221–222). 
Dr. Quackenbush describes Chan as disclosing the use of “solution-
phase hybridization-based capture probes that target particular 
polymorphisms identified in an initial whole-genome sequencing assay to 
serially monitor and detect cancer in a patient’s plasma over time.” Ex. 1020 
¶ 228. According to Dr. Quackenbush, “Chan’s disclosures would have 
motivated a POSA to employ solution-phase hybridization probes, including 
solution-phase hybridization probes targeting additional types of 
polymorphisms, followed by NGS in Leary’s methods.” Id.; see also Ex. 
1225 ¶ 100 (“The use of solution phase hybridization capture in the 
proposed composition occurs after whole-genome sequencing, and before 
the sequencing of the catch obtained by using capture probes designed with 
the benefit of the whole-genome sequencing data. See Ex1020, ¶¶236–
241.”). Dr. Quackenbush explains, for example, that Chan motivates 
modifying claim step 1(c) to include “solution-phase hybridization probes 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
67 
targeting polymorphisms such as SNPs and CNVs, in addition to the PCR 
primer capture probes targeting rearrangements taught by Leary, or as an 
alternative to such PCR primer capture probes,” because “this combination, 
which would provide an even greater ‘numerical advantage’ in the cancer-
related polymorphisms to be monitored, thereby increasing the sensitivity of 
the overall assay.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 232 (citing Ex. 1008, 222–223); Ex. 1225 
¶ 100. “Thus, a POSA would have been motivated to add to the fundamental 
methodology set forth in Leary the analysis of the additional types of 
polymorphisms (e.g., SNVs/SNPs and CNVs) that Chan found to be present 
in greater numerical quantities in patients’ cancer samples.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 232; 
see also id. ¶¶ 233 (discussing motivation “to aid the detection and 
monitoring of a larger number of polymorphisms in parallel, and to adapt the 
capture technique to the types of mutations identified in the whole-genome 
sequencing step”), 234–235 (discussing motivation to combine Leary with 
Chan’s shotgun sequencing approach, which “provides a numerical 
advantage that has the potential for more sensitive, precise, and 
representative detection of tumor DNA in plasma” (citing Ex. 1008, 222–
223), ¶ 236 (“A POSA would have been motivated to utilize [Chan’s] 
capture probes following the initial step of performing a whole-genome 
sequencing assay in Leary’s protocol as well, given the significant overlap in 
methodology, including to improve detection and monitoring of CNVs and 
SNVs identified via whole-genome sequencing, as well as to enable the 
serial monitoring of a larger number of targets by using multiplexed 
sequencing of the hybrid capture products using NGS.”). 
With particular relevance to dependent claim 12 (“wherein said 
plurality of capture probes are conjugated to beads), Petitioner notes that 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
68 
Chan and Liao (an earlier publication with authorship overlapping that of 
Chan) disclose “conjugating [a] plurality of capture probes to beads when 
the hybrid capture probes are bound to magnetic beads to select the catch.” 
Pet. 76–77 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1009, 94; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 250–252). Petitioner 
further relies on Liao as emphasizing the prior success and applicability of 
solution-based hybridization capture approaches in detecting single nucleic 
acid polymorphisms (SNPs) in plasma samples. See, e.g., Pet. 66 (citing 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 233), 71–77; Ex. 1020 ¶ 241 (overview of combining Liao). 
Discussing the asserted combination with respect to dependent claim 12 
(further requiring a “plurality of capture probes . . . conjugated to beads”), 
for example, Dr. Quackenbush testifies that 
Leary in view of Chan and Liao discloses conjugating the 
plurality of capture probes to beads when the hybrid capture 
probes are bound to magnetic beads to select the catch, as 
routine in the use of hybrid capture. Specifically, Liao explains 
that “[a]fter hybridization, we selected captured targets by 
pulling down the biotinylated probe/target hybrids with 
streptavidin-coated magnetic beads (Dynabeads M-280 
Streptavidin; Invitrogen) and purified the targets with the 
MinElute PCR Purification Kit (Qiagen).” Ex. 1009 (Liao) at 
94. A POSA thus would have understood that solution-phase 
hybridization probes will be conjugated to beads as part of the 
well-known enrichment process. 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 251 (further citing Ex. 1005, 183 (Fig. 1)). 
4. Whether Chan Qualifies as Prior Art 
Petitioner bears the burden of persuasion, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that the challenged claims are unpatentable. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). 
Petitioner has proffered Chan, which presumptively constitutes prior art 
under 35 U.S.C § 102(a) because it was published in October of 2012, and 
before the January 17, 2013, filing of the ’828 Provisional Application, upon 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
69 
which the ’394 patent relies for priority. See Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 39); 
POR 39; Ex. 1001, code (60). 
To remove Chan as prior art, Patent Owner undertakes the burden to 
show that the claimed invention was conceived before the effective date of 
Chan, followed by reasonably continuous diligence until constructive 
reduction to practice. POR 39–76 (citing, e.g., ATI Techs. ULC v. Iancu, 920 
F.3d 1362, 1369–70 (Fed. Cir. 2019)); Sur-reply 24. “Demonstration of such 
priority requires documentary support, from which factual findings and 
inferences are drawn, in application of the rules and law of conception, 
reduction to practice, and diligence.” ATI Techs at 1369 (quoting In re Steed, 
802 F.3d 1311, 1316 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). Conception, for example, “must be 
proved by corroborating evidence which shows that the inventor disclosed to 
others his completed thought expressed in such clear terms as to enable 
those skilled in the art to make the invention.” Coleman v. Dines, 754 F.2d 
353, 359 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (internal quotation marks omitted). “The 
conception analysis necessarily turns on the inventor’s ability to describe 
[the] invention with particularity.” Burroughs Wellcome Co. v. Barr Labs., 
Inc., 40 F.3d 1223, 1228 (Fed. Cir. 1994) (explaining that “[a]n idea is 
definite and permanent when the inventor has a specific, settled idea, a 
particular solution to the problem at hand, not just a general goal or research 
plan he hopes to pursue”). Until the inventor can do so, the inventor “cannot 
prove possession of the complete mental picture of the invention.” Id. 
Patent Owner contends that Chan does not qualify as prior art because 
“the inventors conceived of the claimed invention by no later than May 8, 
2012 and diligently worked towards its reduction to practice via filing the 
[’828] [P]rovisional [A]pplication on January 17, 2013,” which, if 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
70 
established, would mean the claimed invention has a priority date of May 8, 
2012—prior to the publication of Chan. POR 39. 
With respect to conception, Patent Owner asserts that the claimed 
invention was developed through Personalis’ “Accuracy Program.” POR 40. 
Patent Owner relies on Mr. West’s testimony that, “[m]y co-inventors and I 
met many times between November 2011 and May 8, 2012 to discuss ideas 
for the Accuracy Program.” See POR 42; Ex. 2032 ¶ 57. In support, 
Mr. West points to an email (with attachments) dated January 6, 2012, as 
indicating that his team was working on ‘“augment[ing] NGS [next-
generation sequencing] with other technologies to determine key variants,’ 
and “conduct[ing] follow-up genetic & non-genetic testing to validate 
results.”’ Ex. 2032 ¶¶ 57–59 (citing Ex. 2046, 1 (cover email), 3 (“slide 2”), 
10 (“slide 9”), 14 (“slide 13”)). Further referencing Mr. West’s testimony, 
Patent Owner argues that “[o]n January 13, 2012, Mr. West planned to 
supplement whole genome sequencing using hybrid capture “oligo-based 
pullouts.” POR 43 (citing Ex. 2032 ¶¶ 53–56; Ex. 2109, 2 (“Targeted re-
sequencing using array or oligo-based pullout”), 3 (“Exon re-sequencing by 
pullout . . . Additional re-sequencing by pullout, to capture regions outside 
the exons”); Ex. 2102, 2). 
Patent Owner argues that “[o]n April 2, 2012, Mr. West described 
Personalis’ laboratory plans.” POR 43 (citing Ex. 2036; Ex. 2032 ¶ 61). 
“Inventors met and exchanged ideas on May 3 and 4, 2012.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 2037; Ex. 2038; Ex. 2039; Ex. 2040; Ex. 2032 ¶¶ 62–65). And “[o]n 
May 8, 2012, Mr. West presented his ‘CEO Overview’ slides to the 
Personalis Board of Directors.” Id. (citing, e.g., Ex. 2033 ¶¶ 20–26; 
Ex. 2112). Patent Owner relies on Mr. West’s “CEO Overview,” and in 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
71 
particular Slide 5 (reproduced below), as evidence that the inventors had 
conceived of the claimed invention as of May 8, 2012. See generally, id. at 
45–61; Sur-reply 23–24. 
 
 
According to Patent Owner, Slide 5 “concisely describes the Accuracy 
Program.” Id. at 44 (citing Ex. 2112, 5). 
Petitioner, however, challenges the credibility of Personalis’ invention 
story. See generally, Tr. 10:19–13:18. As an initial matter, Petitioner notes 
that “[n]amed co-inventor Bartha started work at Personalis on May 1, 
2012—just a few days before its latest proferred bound for conception.” 
Reply 20. According to Petitioner, “[i]t is highly implausible that Dr. Bartha 
participated in conception within just a few days of starting at Personalis, 
particularly given that Mr. West’s May 8 Board of Director[’]s presentation, 
which is the basis for Personalis’s ‘no later than’ date, was drafted prior to 
May 8, . . . and Dr. Bartha is not listed as a participant at the May 3 and 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
72 
May 4 meetings Mr. West discusses.” Reply 20 (citing Ex. 1222, 51:18–24; 
Ex. 2038–2040; Ex. 2032 ¶¶ 63–65). 
In response, Patent Owner points to Mr. West’s testimony that upon 
joining Personalis, Dr. Bartha “was immediately tasked with working on the 
Accuracy Program under Mark Pratt.” Sur-reply 21 (citing Ex. 2032 ¶ 34). 
But other than at this high level of generality, Patent Owner provides no 
evidence of how Dr. Bartha allegedly contributed to any claim of the 
challenged patent.33 
Also pertinent to credibility, Patent Owner’s reliance on the May 8, 
2012 “CEO Overview” is somewhat at odds with Mr. West’s implication 
that conception was at least substantially complete more than a month before 
Dr. Bartha’s start date. In particular, Mr. West testified that 
all the pieces that came together to form the basis for the ’033 
and ’394 patent, probably the last of those elements to come 
together was from a paper that was -- I believe it’s an exhibit 
here – that was published by Mike Snyder’s group at Stanford. 
The publication came out in March of 2012, and our group had 
seen a preview copy of it at least a month earlier. We worked 
very closely with Mike since he was a cofounder of the 
company. 
 
33 With respect to Petitioner’s related argument that co-inventor Luo was not 
hired until June 18, 2012, Patent Owner argues that Ms. Luo is only an 
inventor with respect to dependent claim 3. Reply 20; Sur-reply 21–22; Tr. 
10:24–11:7, 12:3–11, 29:2–30:4. Although we recognize Petitioner’s 
argument that Ms. Luo only contributed to reduction to practice of claim 3, 
not conception, because Patent Owner’s antedation proofs address only the 
May 8, 2012 conception date for independent claim 1, for the purpose of this 
Opinion, it is sufficient that we apply our conclusion regarding the lack of 
conception of claim 1 to claim 3 and the other dependent claims. 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
73 
Ex. 1222, 48:19–49:3. And although Mr. West later stated that “the last of 
the elements that, then, came together in the material that we presented to 
our board on May 8th,” the record does not explain what “last of the 
elements” pertinent to conception were added in the CEO Overview, nor 
what contribution Dr. Bartha made to the claimed invention. See id. at 
49:12–14. 
Relying on the testimony of Dr. Quackenbush, Petitioner next 
contends that the Accuracy Program cited as the basis for Personalis’ 
conception, was not a program to develop a minimum residual disease test 
such as the NeXT Personal MRD assay Patent Owner asserts is covered by 
the claims, but “a program to improve sequencing accuracy.” Reply 21 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 116–125); POR 81. “Hence,” Petitioner contends, 
“Personalis’s first product – prototypes of which the patent expressly states 
were the source of its data – was its Exome Plus/Ace Exome product, 
released in February 2013,” whereas “Personalis’s NeXT Personal MRD 
diagnostic test was not launched until 2021,” nine years after Mr. West’s 
2012 presentation. Reply 21 (citing Ex 2032 ¶38; Ex. 1001, 74:60-64); 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 119. While not dispositive, this testimony supports Petitioner’s 
contention that work related to the Accuracy Program was not directed to 
conception of the invention claimed in the ’394 patent. 
Further supporting Petitioner’s contention that Patent Owner’s 
documents do not evidence conception of the claimed invention, 
Dr. Quackenbush credibly testifies that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
understand references to, for example, “characteriz[ing] errors” and 
performing “whole genome sequencing” on the “same person twice,” and 
“Pullout” in Slide 5, as well as “Repeatability,” and “Same person twice (or 

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
74 
more?), trying to keep everything else constant,” in Exhibit 2046, as directed 
to improving sequencing accuracy rather than to a program to develop a 
diagnostic assay relating to the inventions described in the challenged 
method claims. See Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 119–125 (citations omitted); Reply 21–22.34 
Accordingly, Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony weighs against a finding that 
Patent Owner’s evidence demonstrates a conception of the invention 
claimed. 
Consistent with Exhibit 2046’s focus on sequencing accuracy, 
Petitioner argues “[t]here is no corroboration that, as of May 8, 2012, 
Personalis’s co-inventors conceived of a diagnostic assay involving the use 
of capture probes as claimed in step 1(c).” Reply 22–23 (citing, e.g., 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 125–126). In this respect we note Mr. West’s testimony that he 
understood “pullout” in Slide 5, as a reference to Agilent SureSelect 
biotinylated probe system. See Ex. 1222, 83:8–85:22, 88:7–16. We, 
nevertheless, find persuasive Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that “a POSA 
reviewing Slide 5 in light of the overall record on conception would have 
insufficient information to determine how, specifically, Personalis intended 
to use the “Pullout,” other than that their purpose was to provide a laboratory 
solution to improve the accuracy of 2012 sequencing technology in some 
way.” Ex. 1225 ¶ 125. 
Considering the evidence of record, we credit Dr. Quackenbush’s 
testimony that a person of ordinary skill in the art reading Personalis’ 
conception exhibits, including Exhibit 2112, “would have found, at most, an 
 
34 Dr. Furneaux offers no independent opinion on how one of ordinary skill 
in the art would have understood Patent Owner’s antedation proofs, or 
whether Chan is prior art. See Ex. 2031 ¶ 164. 

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
75 
incipient research project for improving the accuracy of sequencing 
technology that would involve the use of an undefined combination of 
various conventional techniques.” Ex. 1225 ¶ 128. We find persuasive, for 
example, Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that Patent Owner provides no 
corroboration for an earlier conception of steps 1(d)-(g), which require 
assaying samples obtained from the same individual obtained at different 
time points. See id. ¶¶ 120–121, 126–127; Reply 24; Sur-Reply 23–24 
(citing Ex. 2032 ¶¶ 249, 252–254, 258; Ex. 2109, 4 (slide 3); Ex. 2112, 3, 5, 
13; Ex. 2036). In sum, we find that Personalis’ exhibits and related 
testimony do not evidence sufficient conception of the invention actually 
described in the challenged claims. See, e.g., Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 120–128 
(Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony about missing aspects of the claims in Patent 
Owner’s proofs, such that the “completed thought” is not shown). 
Considering the above, we find that Patent Owner has not satisfied the 
burden of establishing that its claimed invention is entitled to an earlier 
priority date than Chan.35 
5. Obviousness in View of Leary, Chan, and Liao 
Patent Owner argues that Ground 3 fails because the combination of 
Leary, Chan, and Liao fail to render obvious limitations 1(b), 1(c), 1(e), and 
1(f). POR 76–81; Sur-reply 25–26; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 165–175. Patent Owner’s 
arguments are not persuasive insofar as we find all these challenged 
limitations are satisfied by Leary alone. 
 
35 For the purpose of this Decision, we need not address Petitioner’s further 
contentions that Patent Owner has not established conception of claim steps 
1(d)–1(g), and that the filing of the ’828 Provisional Application does not 
qualify as a constructive reduction to practice of the challenged claims. See 
Reply 23–25. 

--- Page 76 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
76 
Patent Owner, nevertheless, argues that the shotgun sequencing 
approach described by Chan does not constitute whole genome sequencing. 
POR 77–78. According to Patent Owner, Chan sequences DNA from plasma 
samples, which are enriched in sequences bound to nucleosomes, whereas 
portions of the genome not bound to nucleosomes are degraded and, “largely 
missing from the DNA circulating in plasma.” Id. at 77 (citing Ex. 2031 
¶ 167). We do not find this argument persuasive given that the art 
recognized Leary to disclose whole genome sequencing, yet Leary also 
sequenced DNA from plasma samples. See Section II.C.1.b, above. We 
similarly credit Petitioner’s argument that Newman’s “list of exemplary 
whole genome sequencing references,” includes Chan. See Reply 25 (citing 
Ex. 2031 ¶ 107; Ex. 2152, 7). Still further, we credit Petitioner’s argument 
that Chan also discloses performing initial whole genome sequencing on a 
tissue sample, rather than on plasma-derived DNA, and that a “POSA would 
have been motivated to use [Chan’s] sequencing protocol in instances where 
high depth of coverage was desirable, for example to identify SNPs for 
subsequent monitoring.” Id. at 25–26 (citing Ex. 1008, 218; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 97–
98). As such, we find that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood Chan to disclose whole genome sequencing. 
Patent Owner also contends that “Chan’s supposed use of solution-
phase hybridization capture is conducted before the sequencing—not after,” 
as required by claims step 1(c). POR 79. But as the Petitioner points out, 
“the proposed combination performs an initial WGS step followed by 
targeted resequencing using capture probes; thus capture probes are used 
after WGS and before resequencing.” Reply 26–27 (citing Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 99–
100). We find Patent Owner’s argument unavailing because the overall 

--- Page 77 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
77 
structure of the challenged claims evidences no linkage between the WGS-
related language of steps 1(a)-(b) and any other element. See Reply 23–24; 
Tr. 31:23–32:21. As aptly noted by Petitioner, the whole genome sequencing 
data resulting from claim steps 1(a)-(b) “could be immediately discarded and 
the claim could still be met.” Reply 23. Although Patent Owner’s counsel 
suggests that “a person of ordinary skill in the art would understand that the 
whole-genome sequencing from the limitation 1A does have a cascading 
effect on other claim limitations,” this attorney argument does not outweigh 
the plain language of claim 1. Tr. 32:6–12; See Chef Am., Inc. v. Lamb-
Weston, Inc., 358 F.3d 1371, 1374 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (“we construe the claim 
as written, not as the patentees wish they had written it”). 
With respect to Patent Owner’s remaining arguments, we credit, and 
adopt, the argument and evidence set forth on pages 25–27 of Petitioner’s 
Reply and Paragraphs 97–100 of Dr. Quackenbush’s Second Declaration. 
Considering the record before us, and in light of our constructions of 
“whole genome sequencing” and “capture probes,” we find that Petitioner 
has shown persuasively that claims 1–19 are unpatentable in view of Leary, 
Chan, and Liao. 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
Having analyzed the entirety of the record and assigning appropriate 
weight to the evidence cited by Petitioner and Patent Owner, and for the 
reasons we have set forth above, we determine that Petitioner has 
established, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1–19 of the 
’394 patent are unpatentable. 
 

--- Page 78 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
78 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–19 of the ’394 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2.36 
 
 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)
/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–11, 
13–19 
 
103(a) 
 
Leary 
1–11, 13–19 
 
1–11, 
13–19 
103(a) 
Leary, Ley 
1–11, 13–19 
 
1–19 
103(a) 
Leary, Liao, 
Chan 
1–19 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–11 
 
 
 
 
 
36 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged 
claims in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the 
issuance of this decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 
2019 Notice Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner 
Through Reissue or Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial 
Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner 
chooses to file a reissue application or a request for reexamination of the 
challenged patent, we remind Patent Owner of its continuing obligation to 
notify the Board of any such related matters in updated mandatory 
notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 79 ---
IPR2023-00224 
Patent 11,384,394 B2 
 
79 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Andrew E. Krause 
IRELL & MANELLA LLP 
akrause@irell.com 
 
Amir Naini 
NAINI P.C. 
amir@nainipc.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Derek C. Walter 
Adrian Percer 
WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP 
derek.walter@weil.com 
adrian.percer@weil.com