--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 52 
571-272-7822 
Date: September 23, 2025 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
MERCK SHARP & DOHME LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
 
Before DEBORAH KATZ, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and DEVON 
ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
SNEDDEN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
1 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting 
inter partes review of claims 1–28 of U.S. Patent No. 11,629,187 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’187 patent”). Petition (“Pet.”), Paper 1. The Johns Hopkins 
University (“Patent Owner”) filed a Mandatory Notice identifying itself as 
the owner of the ’187 patent. Paper 3. Patent Owner did not file a 
Preliminary Response. 
We instituted trial on September 27, 2024. Paper 6 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
During trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response. Paper 29 
(confidential Paper 25) (“PO Resp.”). Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 45 
(confidential Paper 42) (“Pet. Reply”)) and Patent Owner filed a Sur-Reply 
(Paper 50 (confidential Paper 47) (“PO Sur-Reply”)). The parties declined 
to present oral arguments in this proceeding. Paper 49. 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
full record developed through trial, we determine that Petitioner has proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Our reasoning is explained below, 
and we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a).1 
 
1 To the extent this Final Written Decision includes portions of the record 
that are presently sealed, the parties may meet and confer concerning 
whether any portions of this Decision should be redacted before it is made 
available to the public. If any party maintains that redactions to the Final 
Written Decision should be made, that party may, within seven (7) days of 
entry of the Final Written Decision, submit a proposed redacted and 
publicly-available version of the Final Written Decision along with a motion 
to seal explaining why the redactions are necessary and outweigh any public 
interest in the redacted information. Any opposition to such motion must be 
 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
2 
 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC and Merck & Co., 
Inc., as its real parties-in-interest. Pet. 64. Patent Owner identifies Johns 
Hopkins University as its real party-in-interest. Paper 3, 1. 
C. Related Matters 
The parties indicate that the ’187 patent is involved in Merck Sharp & 
Dohme LLC v. The Johns Hopkins University, 1:22-cv-03059-JRR (D. Md.), 
filed November 29, 2022. Pet. 64; Paper 3, 1. Petitioner has also filed 
petitions for inter partes review of the following patents asserted against 
Petitioner by Patent Owner: IPR2024-00650 against U.S. Patent No. 
11,634,491; IPR2024-00648 against U.S. Patent No. 11,643,462; IPR2024-
00647 against U.S. Patent No. 11,649,287; IPR2024-00625 against U.S. 
Patent No. 11,339,219; IPR2024-00624 against U.S. Patent No. 11,325,975; 
IPR2024-00623 against U.S. Patent No. 11,325,974; IPR2024-00622 against 
U.S. Patent No. 10,934,356; and IPR2024-00240 against U.S. Patent No. 
11,591,393. Pet. 64; Paper 3, 1. 
D. The ’187 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’187 patent is titled “Checkpoint Blockade and Microsatellite 
Instability.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’187 patent is directed to anti-cancer 
therapies that block immune system checkpoints, including the programmed 
death-1 (“PD-1”) receptor. Id. at Abstract. More specifically, the ’187 
patent is directed to treating cancer patients with high mutational burdens, 
 
filed within ten (10) days after the motion is filed. If no motion is filed 
within the timeline set forth above or if the parties otherwise inform the 
Board (via email to trials@uspto.gov) that no redactions are necessary, the 
Final Written Decision will be made available to the public in unredacted 
form. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
3 
 
such as those found in microsatellite instable (“MSI”) cancer, with anti-PD-1 
antibodies. Id. at 3:38–53. MSI occurs in tumors with deficiency in DNA 
mismatch repair (“MMR-deficiency”). Id., 1:32–34. 
The ’187 patent explains that 
[t]he PD-1 receptor-ligand interaction is a major pathway 
hijacked by tumors to suppress immune control. The normal 
function of PD-1, expressed on the cell surface of activated T-
cells under healthy conditions, is to down-modulate unwanted or 
excessive immune responses, including auto-immune responses. 
The ligands for PD-1 (PD-L1 and PD-L2) are constitutively 
expressed or can be induced in various tumors. 
Id. at 1:55–62. According to the ’187 patent, “[h]igh expression of PD-L1 
on tumor cells (and to a lesser extent of PD-L2) has been found to correlate 
with poor prognosis and survival in various cancer types.” Id. at 2:6–9. 
However, the Specification describes that 
in reports of PD-1 blockade in human tumors, only one of 33 
colorectal cancer (CRC) patients responded to this treatment. . . 
. What was different about this patient? We hypothesized that 
this patient had MMR-deficiency, because MMR-deficiency 
occurs in a small fraction of advanced CRCs, . . . somatic 
mutations found in tumors can be recognized by the patient’s 
own immune system,[] and MMR-deficient cancers have 10- to 
100-fold more somatic mutations than MMR-proficient CRC. 
Id. at 2:63–3:6. After confirming that the tumor of the single CRC patient 
who responded to PD-1 blockade was MMR-deficient, the ’187 patent 
describes the evaluation of immune checkpoint blockade in patients whose 
tumors had or did not have MMR-deficiency in a phase 2 clinical trial. Id. at 
3:14–21. The Specification discloses that pembrolizumab is a monoclonal 
anti-PD-1 antibody, attributed to Merck, which was administered to patients 
in this clinical trial. Id. at 8:52–58. According to the ’187 patent, “[t]he data 
from the small phase 2 trial . . . supports the hypothesis that MMR-deficient 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
4 
 
tumors are more responsive to PD-1 blockade than are MMR-proficient 
tumors.” Id. at 6:52–56. 
E. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–28. Representative independent claim 
1 is reproduced below: 
1. A method for treating a patient having a solid tumor 
selected from the group consisting of: endometrial cancer, small 
bowel 
cancer, 
gastric 
cancer, 
ampullary 
cancer, 
cholangiocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, breast 
cancer, esophageal cancer, liver cancer, ovarian cancer, uterine 
cancer, cervical cancer, bladder cancer, testicular cancer and oral 
cancer, the method comprising: 
in response to determining that the solid tumor is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient, treating a patient having a solid tumor selected 
from the group consisting of: endometrial cancer, small 
bowel 
cancer, 
gastric 
cancer, 
ampullary 
cancer, 
cholangiocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, 
breast cancer, esophageal cancer, liver cancer, ovarian 
cancer, uterine cancer, cervical cancer, bladder cancer, 
testicular cancer and oral cancer with a therapeutically 
effective amount of pembrolizumab based on a 
determination that the solid tumor has progressed 
following at least one prior cancer treatment, and further 
based on previous testing of a biological sample obtained 
from the patient that the patient’s solid tumor exhibits at 
least one marker for high microsatellite instability or DNA 
mismatch repair deficiency. 
Ex. 1001, 25:5–27. 
Representative independent claim 11 is reproduced below: 
11. A method for reducing the risk of progression of a solid 
tumor selected from the group consisting of: endometrial cancer, 
small bowel cancer, gastric cancer, ampullary cancer, 
cholangiocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, breast 
cancer, esophageal cancer, liver cancer, ovarian cancer, uterine 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
5 
 
cancer, cervical cancer, bladder cancer, testicular cancer and oral 
cancer that has progressed following at least one prior treatment 
in a patient, the method comprising: 
in response to determining that the solid tumor is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient, treating the patient with a therapeutically 
effective amount of pembrolizumab based on previous 
testing of a biological sample obtained from the patient 
that the patient’s solid tumor exhibits at least one marker 
for high microsatellite instability or DNA mismatch repair 
deficiency. 
Id. at 25:49–26:12. 
F. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 
Ex. 1005, MSI-H Study Record, ClinicalTrials.gov, 
NCT01876511, “Study of MK-3475 in Patients With 
Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors (Cohorts A, B and C),” 
(June 10, 2013) available at 
https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT01876511?tab=history&a=1 
(“MSI-H Study Record” or “MSR”). 
Ex. 1007, Chapelle et al., Clinical Relevance of Microsatellite 
Instability in Colorectal Cancer, 28(20) J. CLIN. ONCOLOGY 
3380 (2010) (“Chapelle”). 
Ex. 1008, Steinert et al., Immune Escape and Survival 
Mechanisms in Circulating Tumor Cells of Colorectal Cancer, 
74(6) CANCER RESEARCH OF1 (March 2014) (“Steinert”). 
Ex. 1009, Benson et al., Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: 
Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology, 12(7) J. NAT’L 
COMPREHENSIVE CANCER NETWORK 1028 (July 2014) 
(“Benson”). 
Ex. 1011, Hamid et al., Safety and Tumor Responses with 
Lambrolizumab (Anti-PD-1) in Melanoma, 369(2) NEW ENG. J. 
MEDICINE 134 (July 2013) (“Hamid”). 
Ex. 1034, Brown et al., Neo-Antigens Predicted by Tumor 
Genome Meta-Analysis Correlate with Increased Patient 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
6 
 
Survival, 24(5) GENOME RESEARCH 743 (May 2014) 
(“Brown”). 
Ex. 1087, Duval et al., The mutator pathway is a feature of 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas, 101(14) PROCEEDINGS 
OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES 5002 (2004) 
(“Duval”). 
Ex. 1095, Koh et al., Uterine Neoplasms, Versions 1.2014: 
Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology, 12(2) J. NAT’L 
COMPREHENSIVE CANCER NETWORK 248 (February 2014) 
(“Koh”). 
Petitioner also relies on the declarations of Alfred I. Neugut, M.D., 
Ph.D., M.P.H. (Ex. 1003) and Paul E. Oberstein, M.D. (Ex. 1150) to support 
its contentions. 
Patent Owner relies on the declarations of Nils Lonberg, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2072), Dung Le, M.D. (Ex. 2130) and Richard Goldberg, M.D. 
(Ex. 2090). 
G. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–28 would have been unpatentable on 
the following grounds (Pet. 3–4): 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
I 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 
14–17, 19–28 
102 
MSI-H Study Record 
II 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 
14–17, 19–28 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson 
III 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 
14–17, 19–28 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh 
IV 
2, 8, 12, 18 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Chapelle 
V 
3, 13 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Steinert 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
7 
 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
VI 
7, 17 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Hamid 
 
H. Claim Construction 
The challenged claims should be read in light of the Specification, as 
it would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Suitco 
Surface, Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally 
give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re 
Translogic Tech., Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary 
and customary meaning is the meaning that the term would have to a person 
of ordinary skill in the art in question.” (internal quotation marks omitted)); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs 
according to the same standard as used in federal court). 
Claim 1 requires treating the patient with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab “in response to determining that the solid tumor 
is microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient . . . .” 
Petitioner argues that the discussion in the MSR of treating patients having 
MSI-H colorectal cancer with 10 mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days 
reads on this limitation of claim 1. Pet. 19–20 (citing Ex. 1005, 2–5; Ex. 
1003 ¶¶ 61–66). 
Patent Owner argues that our construction “disregards the critical 
causal relationship between ‘determining’ and ‘treating’ steps expressed by 
the claims,” wherein the causal relationship establishes that “only patients 
determined to be MSI-H are treated.” PO Resp. 6. According to Patent 
Owner, the construction of “in response to” should be that the phrase means 
“in reaction to.” Id. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
8 
 
Patent Owner argues that if the inventors had intended the claimed 
method to encompass merely treating patients “after” a determination of the 
patient’s MSI-H status, they would have used the word “after” in their 
claims, citing use of the word “after” in other claims. PO Resp. 7. Because 
the cited language is in claims that depend on claim 1, Patent Owner argues 
that the term “in response to” must have a different meaning from “after.” 
Id. 
Patent Owner argues further that the Specification of the ’187 patent 
is consistent with the asserted “plain meaning” of the claim term “in 
response to” as meaning a causal relationship, wherein the “treating” step is 
only performed as a reaction to determining the patient’s cancer is MSI-H. 
PO Resp. 7–8. Specifically, Patent Owner cites the disclosure in the ’187 
patent for the determination that MSI-H indicates a tumor is a “good 
candidate” for treatment with an immune checkpoint inhibitory antibody and 
that MSI-stable indicates the tumor is a “bad candidate” for treatment with 
an immune checkpoint inhibitory antibody. Ex. 1001, 3:54–66. 
According to Patent Owner, one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood from this distinction in recommended treatments that “in 
response to” describes administering the claimed treatment only as a 
reaction to the determination that the patient’s cancer is MSI-H. PO Resp. 8. 
Patent Owner argues further that “[i]f ‘in response to’ meant merely ‘after,’ 
the claims would cover treatment administered to MSI-H patients for any 
reason or no reason at all,” which is a reading “inconsistent with the 
specification.” Id. 
We agree with Patent Owner that the phrase “in response to” in claim 
1 requires a causal relationship wherein the patient must be tested for MSI-H 
and, if he or she is determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, then the patient is 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
9 
 
treated with 10 mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days. In claim 1, a 
biological sample from the patient must be tested to determine if the cancer 
is MSI-H and, if so, the patient is treated with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab. For this reason, if the prior art teaches the 
limitations of 1) testing a biological sample obtained from a patient having 
cancer to determine that the patient’s cancer is microsatellite instability high 
or mismatch repair deficient, and 2) treating the patient with a 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab if the patient’s cancer is 
determined to be microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient, the art anticipates claim 1. We are not persuaded that claim 1 
requires or excludes anything else because nothing else is recited in the 
claim. 
Patent Owner argues that the “in response to” limitation of claim 1 
describes administering the claimed treatment only as a reaction to the 
determination that the patient’s cancer is MSI-H, and that, if treatment were 
administered to patients for any other reason after testing confirmed that the 
patient’s cancer is determined to be microsatellite instability high or DNA 
mismatch repair deficient, the term “in response to” would be meaningless. 
PO Resp. 7. But claim 1 does not exclude treatment of other patients who 
are not MSI-H or dMMR, if the cancer patient from whom the biological 
sample is obtained and tested is determined not to be microsatellite 
instability high or mismatch repair deficient. Claim 1 does not mention any 
other patients or define patient populations to be excluded from treatment. 
Claim 1 provides that if the cancer patient is tested and the cancer is 
determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, the patient is treated with a 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
10 
 
Here, we further note that the method of claim 1 uses the open-ended 
transitional phrase “comprising” that is generally interpreted to not exclude 
additional, unrecited elements. See Invitrogen Corp. v. Biocrest Mfg., L.P., 
327 F.3d 1364, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (“The transition ‘comprising’ in a 
method claim indicates that the claim is open-ended and allows for 
additional steps.”); Genentech, Inc. v. Chiron Corp., 112 F.3d 495, 501 (Fed. 
Cir. 1997) (“‘Comprising’ is a term of art used in claim language that means 
that the named elements are essential, but that other elements may be added 
and still form a construct within the scope of the claim.”). The use of the 
open-ended transitional phrase “comprising” in claim 1 further suggests to 
us that any additional steps taken in conjunction with expressly recited 
method steps, such as the treatment of patients who are not MSI-H or 
dMMR, are not excluded from the scope of the claim. 
Patent Owner’s arguments about the interpretation the Examiner used 
during prosecution do not persuade us otherwise. PO Resp. 8–9. Patent 
Owner cites to the Examiner’s reasons for allowance in a related patent 
(U.S. 11,591,393), which states that the cited prior art “does not treat the 
patient based on a determination of microsatellite instability high or DNA 
mismatch repair deficient as claimed.” Id. at 7 (citing Ex. 2302, 8). 
According to Patent Owner, the term “based on” does not mean “after,” but 
requires a causal relationship. PO Resp. 8. Again, we do not disagree with 
Patent Owner that claim 1 recites a causal relationship. But we are not 
persuaded that claim 1 requires anything other than testing a cancer patient 
and, if the cancer is determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, treating that patient 
with a therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab. The Examiner’s 
reasoning does not indicate that claim 1 excludes treating any patient other 
than the one tested. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
11 
 
Similarly, we are not persuaded that Petitioner argued for a claim 
construction in District Court that would exclude treatment of any patient 
other than the one determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, as Patent Owner 
implies. PO Resp. 9–10. Patent Owner argues that “Merck’s only dispute 
[in District Court] was over the breadth of that causal relationship, with 
Merck proposing that the term be construed even more narrowly to mean “as 
the reaction specifically to.” Id. at 9 (citing Ex. 2160, 242). But Patent 
Owner does not point to a specific argument in which Petitioner argued that 
claim 1 excludes treating any patient other than the one tested and 
determined to be MSI-H or dMMR. Before the District Court, Petitioner 
argued the claim language “requires that ‘treating’ occur ‘in response to’ 
some form of ‘determining’” and that a “response” is “a reaction, as that of 
an organism to any of its parts, to a specific stimulus.” Ex. 2160, 24–25. 
This construction does not limit the scope of claim 1 to contemplating the 
treatment of any patients other than the one tested and determined to be 
MSI-H or dMMR. Before the District Court, Petitioner argued “[Patent 
Owner]’s proposal, that the disputed claim term needs no construction 
because the Court and the POSA knows what it means, invites legal error 
and jury confusion about what behavior the claims cover.” Id. at 25. 
Although Petitioner argued for a claim construction before the District 
Court, it did not argue for the construction Patent Owner asserts now. 
Patent Owner argues further that Petitioner’s witness, Dr. Neugut, 
agrees that “in response to” should be given its plain meaning and that its 
witness, Dr. Lonberg, testifies that “in response to” means “in reaction to” a 
 
2 Patent Owner cites to page 30 of Exhibit 2160, which is page 24 of the 
underlying document. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
12 
 
determination that the patient’s tumor is MSI-H. PO Resp. 9 (citing 
Ex. 2163, 70:25–71:2; Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 98–100). Neither of these statements 
persuades us that claim 1 requires anything other than testing a cancer 
patient and, if determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, treating that patient with a 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab. Neither Dr. Neugut’s 
nor Dr. Lonberg’s testimony persuades us that the scope of claim 1 excludes 
treating any patient other than the one tested and confirmed to be MSI-H. 
Patent Owner cites Am. Calcar, Inc. v. American Honda Motor Co., 
651 F.3d 1318, 1340 (Fed. Cir. 2011), in support of the claim construction 
that the “treating” step is only performed as a reaction to determining the 
patient’s cancer is MSI-H, but not when the patient is MSI-stable. PO Resp. 
10. In that case, the Federal Circuit determined that, in claims directed to 
systems for identifying a service provided when a vehicle needs service, the 
term “the processing element identifying one of the plurality of providers in 
response to the vehicle condition” means “that the second event occur in 
reaction to the first event.” Am. Calcar, 651 F.3d at 1324, 1340. The court 
continued, by explaining that “[t]he language of the claim itself suggests that 
when a vehicle condition is detected, the processing element identifies a 
provider automatically as opposed to requiring further user interaction.” Id. 
at 1340. We note that, as explained above, we agree the claim term “in 
response to” requires a causal relationship between a first action and a 
second action, but we disagree that the court’s reasoning in Am. Calcar is 
relevant to the claims before us. The issue presented by claim 1 is whether 
treatment of patients not meeting the recited limitation (MSI-H) is excluded 
by the claim language, not whether treating patients “in response to” a 
determination of MSI-H incurs further action by a care provider. The 
reasoning of Am. Calcar does not persuade us that exclusion is required 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
13 
 
because Am. Calcar does not address the phrase “in response to” in the 
context of excluding one condition over another. 
After considering the parties’ arguments and the evidence presented, 
we construe claim 1 to require testing a biological sample obtained from a 
patient having cancer to determine that the patient’s cancer is microsatellite 
instability high or mismatch repair deficient, and treating the patient with a 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab if the patient’s cancer is 
determined to be microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient. We are not persuaded that claim 1 either requires or excludes 
other patients or steps because claim 1 does not recite any other steps or 
contain negative limitations. 
I. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
The parties rely on the testimony of witnesses for their opinions on 
what one of ordinary skill in the art would have known and understood at the 
relevant time. Specifically, Petitioner relies on the testimony of Alfred L. 
Neugut, M.D., Ph.D., M.P.H. (Ex. 1003) and Paul E. Oberstein, M.D. 
(Ex. 1150). Patent Owner relies on the testimony of Nils Lonberg, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2072) and Richard Goldberg, M.D. (Ex. 2090). 
Petitioner and Patent Owner characterize one of ordinary skill in the 
art differently. To Petitioner, the ordinarily skilled artisan would be “a 
medical doctor or a professional in a related field with at least five years of 
experience with treating cancer” and “would also have experience in or 
access to a person with knowledge of clinical studies for therapeutics and 
how they work and a pathologist with comparable experience.” Pet. 11 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 19). 
To Patent Owner, the ordinarily skilled artisan would have had a 
medical or graduate-level degree, or equivalent work experience, in the 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
14 
 
fields of immunology, genetics, or a related field and would have experience 
(i) conducting immunology research relating to oncology, (ii) conducting 
genetics research relating to oncology, or (iii) developing and conducting 
clinical trials on novel cancer therapies in those fields. PO Resp. 5–6 (citing 
Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 31–32, 89–97). Petitioner emphasizes medical and treatment 
aspects in its characterization of an ordinarily skilled artisan, whereas Patent 
Owner emphasizes research aspects. 
The ’187 patent claims a method of treating a human patient with 
colorectal cancer having certain characteristics using pembrolizumab and the 
main prior art reference cited by Petitioner discloses testing pembrolizumab 
to treat human patients. See Ex. 1001, 25:5–27; Ex. 1005. Accordingly, the 
relevant field of Patent Owner’s claims is treating human patients, as well as 
testing existing compounds. 
In the Decision to institute trial, we adopted Petitioner’s uncontested 
proposal defining that the level of skill in the art, presented above. Inst. 
Dec. 7. Neither party directs us to evidence of the level of skill in the art 
beyond what we considered for institution of trial. Having considered Patent 
Owner’s positions and evidence of record, however, we determine that the 
level of skill also includes knowledge of and experience with treating cancer 
patients with immunotherapy compounds, identifying the conditions these 
patients may have, and understanding the literature regarding clinical trials 
for such cancers and the associated conditions and immunotherapy. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Introduction 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
15 
 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never 
shifts to the patent owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, 
Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Moreover, a petitioner should 
not “place the burden on [the Board] to sift through information presented 
by the Petitioners, determine where each element [of the challenged claims] 
is found in [the cited references], and identify any differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the teachings of [the cited references.]” Google 
Inc. v. EveryMD.com LLC, IPR2014-00347, Paper 9 at 25 (PTAB May 22, 
2014). 
Anticipation is a question of fact, as is the question of what a prior art 
reference teaches. In re NTP, Inc., 654 F.3d 1279, 1297 (Fed. Cir. 2011). 
“Because the hallmark of anticipation is prior invention, the prior art 
reference—in order to anticipate under 35 U.S.C. § 102—must not only 
disclose all elements of the claim within the four corners of the document, 
but must also disclose those elements ‘arranged as in the claim.’” Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008) 
(quoting Connell v. Sears, Roebuck & Co., 722 F.2d 1542, 1548 (Fed. Cir. 
1983)). Whether a reference anticipates a claim is assessed from the skilled 
artisan’s perspective. See Dayco Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 329 
F.3d 1358, 1368–69 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (“[T]he dispositive question regarding 
anticipation [i]s whether one skilled in the art would reasonably understand 
or infer from the [prior art reference’s] teaching that every claim element 
was disclosed in that single reference.” (quoting In re Baxter Travenol 
Labs., 952 F.2d 388, 390 (Fed. Cir. 1991) (alterations in original))). 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
16 
 
The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) 
the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
The obviousness inquiry also typically requires an analysis of 
“whether there was an apparent reason to combine the known elements in 
the fashion claimed by the patent at issue.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 
550 U.S. 398, 418 (2007) (citing In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 
2006) (requiring “articulated reasoning with some rational underpinning to 
support the legal conclusion of obviousness”)). A petitioner cannot prove 
obviousness with “mere conclusory statements.” In re Magnum Oil Tools 
Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2016). Rather, a petitioner must 
articulate a sufficient reason why a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have combined the prior art references. In re NuVasive, 842 F.3d 1376, 
1382 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
B. Summary of the Cited Prior Art 
1. MSI-H Study Record (Ex. 1005) 
The title of the MSI-H Study Record is “Phase 2 Study of MK-3475 
in Patients With Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors.” Ex. 1005, 1. MK-
3475 is also known as pembrolizumab. See Ex. 1054,3 3 (disclosing that 
“Nivolumab . . . and MK-3475 (pembrolizumab formerly lambrolizumab) 
. . . are humanized MAb that block the interaction between PD-1 and its 
ligands and demonstrate durable responses in patients with advanced 
 
3 Ascierto et al., Future Perspectives in Melanoma Research: Meeting 
Report from the “Melanoma Bridge”, Napoli, December 5th-8th 
2013, 12 J. TRANSLATIONAL MEDICINE 277 (October 2024) 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
17 
 
melanoma.”); see also Ex. 1069 (titled “ANTITUMOR ACTIVITY OF 
PEMBROLIZUMAB (PEMBRO; MK-3475) . . . .”)). 
The MSI-H Study Record includes a “Brief Summary,” explaining 
that 
[t]his study will be looking at whether MK-3475 (an 
antibody that blocks negative signals to T cells) is effective (anti-
tumor activity) and safe in three different patient populations. 
These include: 1. patients with MSI positive colon cancer, 2. 
patients with MSI negative colon cancer, and 3. patients with 
other MSI positive cancers. 
Ex. 1005, 3. Two of the outcome measures reported in the MSI-H Study 
Record are “Immune-related progression free survival (irPFS) rate in 
patients with MSI positive non-colorectal adenocarcinoma using immune 
related response criteria (irRC) at 20 weeks” and a determination of “[d]oes 
MSI as a marker predict treatment response[?]” Id. at 4–5. The MSI-H 
Study Record provides “Arms and Interventions” as follows: 
 
Id. at 4. The chart above identifies three patient populations and the 
therapeutic intervention to be provided. 
2. Chapelle (Ex. 1007) 
Chapelle is an article titled “Clinical Relevance of Microsatellite 
Instability in Colorectal Cancer.” Ex. 1007, 3380. Chapelle discloses that 
“Microsatellite instability (MSI) is a clonal change in the number of repeated 
DNA nucleotide units in microsatellites,” which “arises in tumors with 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
18 
 
deficient mismatch repair due to the inactivation of one of the four mismatch 
repair genes: MSH2, MLH1, MSH6, and PMS2.” Id. Chapelle describes the 
testing of tumor tissue from a patient to determine microsatellite instability 
in colorectal cancer. Id. at 3380, 3383. Chapelle also describes 
immunohistochemistry techniques to test for microsatellite instability status. 
Id. at 3380, 3384. 
3. Steinert (Ex. 1008) 
Steinert is an article titled “Immune Escape and Survival Mechanisms 
in Circulating Tumor Cells of Colorectal Cancer.” Ex. 1008, OF1. Steinert 
discloses a detailed genomic and phenotypic analyses of single colorectal 
cancer–derived circulating tumor cells (CTC). Id. Steinert describes that 
“[a]mplified gDNA of CTC and tumor tissue samples was tested for 
microsatellite instability (MSI) using the markers NR21, NR24, and BAT 
25.” Id. at OF2. Steinert describes that the analyses of single cancer-
derived CTC found disparities in key mutations, including MSI, in 
comparison to the primary tumor. Id. at OF4. “MSI at one or more markers 
. . . was detected in CTC from 2 patients (of 25 with complete MSI data sets; 
7.7%, Fig. 2C). In 1 patient, two of 11 tested CTC were MSI despite a 
microsatellite stable (MSS) tumor (Table 1).” Id. In one patient, “[t]hree 
single CTC were classified as MSI-high level (MSI-H) and showed a 
mutation in the coding region of the ELAVL gene.” Id. at OF6. 
4. Benson (Ex. 1009) 
Benson is an article titled “Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology.” Ex. 1009, 1028. Benson discloses 
guidelines that “focus[] on the use of systemic therapy in metastatic 
disease.” Id. More specifically, Benson “summarizes the NCCN Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines) for managing 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
19 
 
metastatic CRC, focusing mainly on systemic therapy.” Id. at 1029. Benson 
discloses a patient population whose cancer progressed after two previous 
drug therapies or had metastatic cancer. Id. at 1034. 
5. Hamid (Ex. 1011) 
Hamid is an article titled “Safety and Tumor Responses with 
Lambrolizumab (Anti-PD-1) in Melanoma.” Ex. 1011, 134. Hamid “tested 
the anti–PD-1 antibody lambrolizumab (previously known as MK-3475) in 
patients with advanced melanoma.” Id. Hamid discloses administering 
pembrolizumab intravenously “in patients with advanced melanoma, both 
those who had received prior treatment with the immune checkpoint 
inhibitor ipilimumab and those who had not.” Id. According to Hamid, 
“treatment with lambrolizumab resulted in a high rate of sustained tumor 
regression.” Id. 
6. Brown (Ex. 1034) 
Brown is an article titled “Neo-Antigens Predicted by Tumor Genome 
Meta-Analysis Correlate with Increased Patient Survival.” Ex. 1034, 743. 
Brown discloses that “patients with tumors showing naturally immunogenic 
mutations and associated [tumor infiltrating lymphocytes] are potential 
candidates for treatment with immune modulators such as CTLA4- or 
PDCD1-targeted antibodies,” i.e., PD-1 inhibitors. Id. at 747. More 
specifically, Brown teaches that “tumors bearing predicted immunogenic 
mutations have . . . elevated expression of CTLA4 and PDCD1,” i.e., PD-1, 
“reinforcing the notion that these patients may be optimal candidates for 
immune modulation.” Id. at 747–748. 
7. Duval (Ex. 1087) 
Duval is an article titled “The mutator pathway is a feature of 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas.” Ex. 1087, 5002. Duval describes 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
20 
 
that “[c]ancers with a mutator phenotype constitute a frequent subset of solid 
tumors characterized by mismatch repair deficiency.” Id. Duval discloses 
that “[t]hese tumors exhibit a widespread genetic instability at the molecular 
level that mainly affects microsatellite sequences and are called MSI-H 
(microsatellite instability-high) tumors.” Id. According to Duval, the 
observation that the MSI-H phenotype was specifically associated with 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas (ID-RL) “suggests the existence of 
the highly immunogenic mutator pathway as a novel oncogenic process in 
lymphomagenesis whose role is favored when host immunosurveillance is 
reduced.” Id. (emphasis omitted). 
8. Koh (Ex. 1095) 
Koh is an article titled “Uterine Neoplasms, Versions 1.2014: Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology.” Ex. 1095, 248. Koh describes that “[t]he 
NCCN Guidelines for Uterine Neoplasms describe malignant epithelial 
carcinomas and uterine sarcomas; each of these major categories contains 
specific histologic groups that require different management.” Id. at 
Abstract. Koh discloses that patients having endometrial cancer who were 
enrolled in a clinical study would generally have had a tumor that had 
progressed after at least one prior cancer treatment and metastatic cancer. 
Id. at 256. 
C. Ground 1: Anticipation of Claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–28 
by the MSI-H Study Record 
1. Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner contends that claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–28 are 
anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. Pet. 13–38. To support its 
contention, Petitioner directs our attention to the foregoing disclosures of the 
MSI-H Study Record and provides a detailed claim analysis addressing how 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
21 
 
each element of claims 1–2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–28 is disclosed by the 
MSI-H Study Record. Petitioner supports this interpretation of the MSI-H 
Study Record with Dr. Neugut’s testimony. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 50–127. 
Additionally, Petitioner cites the holding in Schering Corp. v. Geneva 
Pharms., 339 F.3d 1373, 1377 (Fed. Cir. 2003), that “a prior art reference 
may anticipate without disclosing a feature of the claimed invention if that 
missing characteristic is necessarily present, or inherent, in the single 
anticipating reference.” Pet. 13–14. Petitioner also cites to In re 
Montgomery, 677 F.3d 1375, 1382 (Fed. Cir. 2012), for its holding that 
“even if [the documents disclosing a planned clinical study] merely 
proposed the administration of [the drug] for treatment or prevention of [the 
recited condition] (without actually doing so), it would still anticipate.” 
Pet. 16. Relying on those cases, Petitioner contends that “[t]he MSI-H Study 
Record inherently anticipates [c]laims 1–2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, [and] 19–28 
of the ’187 patent because the claims are directed to the methods disclosed 
in the MSI-H Study Record.” Id. 
Petitioner argues further that the treatment described in the MSI-H 
Study Record is written description support for the claimed method because 
the MSI-H Study Record teaches the claimed drug, given at the only 
therapeutically effective dosage described in the ’187 patent, and given to 
the claimed patient population. Id. Petitioner relies on Schering, 339 F.3d at 
1379, to argue that “[i]f granting patent protection on the disputed claim 
would allow the patentee to exclude the public from practicing the prior art, 
then that claim is anticipated.” Pet. 14. 
a) Independent Claim 1 
Like the parties, our analysis focuses on independent claim 1. See, 
e.g., Pet. 32–34 (relying substantially on analysis of claim 1 for independent 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
22 
 
claim 11). We analyze the parties’ contentions with regard to the elements 
of claim 1 below. 
(1) [1.pre]: “A method for reducing the risk of progression of a 
solid tumor selected from the group consisting of: 
endometrial cancer, small bowel cancer, gastric cancer, 
ampullary cancer, cholangiocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, 
prostate cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, liver 
cancer, ovarian cancer, uterine cancer, cervical cancer, 
bladder cancer, testicular cancer and oral cancer that has 
progressed following at least one prior treatment in a 
patient, the method comprising:” 
Petitioner argues that, in general, the MSI-H Study Record anticipates 
claim 1 of the ’187 patent because it “teaches the claimed drug, given at the 
only therapeutically effective dosage described in the ’187 patent, and given 
to the claimed patient population.” Pet. 16–17. Specifically, Petitioner cites 
to the teaching in the Arms and Interventions section of a method of treating 
patients having non-colorectal MSI-H cancer, as recited in the preamble of 
claim 1. Id. at 18 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 38–41, 59–63; Ex. 1005, 2 (Study 
Identification), 3 (Study Description), 4 (Arms and Interventions), 4–5 
(Outcome Measures), 5–6 (Eligibility)). 
Petitioner contends that the MSI-H Study Record concerns the 
treatment of solid tumor and further contends that “MSI-H was known to 
occur commonly in several different types of cancers, including endometrial, 
small bowel cancer, and gastric cancer.” Id. at 17–18 (citing Ex. 1005, 2 
(Study Identification), 5–6 (Eligibility); Ex. 1048, 228, 230–3; Ex. 1085,4 
 
4 Imai et al., Carcinogenesis and Microsatellite Instability: The 
Interrelationship Between Genetics and Epigenetics, 29(4) CARCINOGENESIS 
673 (2008). 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
23 
 
673, 675; Ex. 1086,5 14; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 25, 60–61, 63). Petitioner relies on Dr. 
Neugut’s testimony that endometrial, small bowel cancer, and gastric cancer 
are “common in Lynch syndrome, which was known at the time to be 
closely related to MSI-H.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 63 (citing Ex. 1085, 673–74 (“DNA 
mismatch repair (MMR) deficiency results in a strong mutator phenotype 
and high-frequency microsatellite instability (MSI-H), which are the 
hallmarks of tumors arising within Lynch syndrome.”)); see also Ex. 1085, 
673 (“Tumors of the Lynch syndrome . . . and some sporadic gastrointestinal 
and endometrial cancers belong to the MSI pathway.”). Thus, “the person of 
ordinary skill would have immediately pictured treating [patients with 
endometrial, small bowel, and gastric cancer] with the MSI-H Study 
Record’s methods” and that “the person of ordinary skill would have 
concluded that the limitation [listing recited types of cancer] was found in 
the MSI-H Study Record.” Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 63–64. 
To begin, Patent Owner argues that the MSR cannot anticipate 
because it does not expressly or inherently disclose the claimed MSI-H 
cancers. PO Resp. 10–14. Patent Owner contends that the MSR provides no 
details or guidance about cancer types to be included in the third arm of 
patients, but only describes its third arm as “MSI Positive Non-Colorectal 
Cancer.” Id. at 10 (citing 1005, 4); see also id. (“Other than specifying the 
participant’s cancer must be noncolorectal, the MSR provides no details or 
guidance about cancer types to be included in that third arm.”). Patent 
Owner further contends that “MSI Positive Non-Colorectal Cancer” is a 
large genus “comprising a large, and unknown, number of species” such that 
 
5 Cheung et al., Current Advance in Small Bowel Tumors, 44(1) CLINICAL 
ENDOSCOPY 13 (2011). 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
24 
 
a person of ordinary skill in the art “would not envisage all its species, let 
alone the claimed subset of those species, based on the bare disclosure in the 
MSR.” PO Resp. at 14; see also PO Sur-Reply 3 (Petitioner “identifies no 
common properties of non-CRC MSI-H cancer, or any other way a POSITA 
would have recognized the MSR discloses those cancers.”); Id. at 4 
(Petitioner “has not shown that a POSITA would at once envisage the entire 
genus—meaning every one of its constituent species—based on the MSR.”). 
Patent Owner acknowledges that the MSR discloses the “third arm” 
disclosed in the MSR “was open to all-comers with any MSI-H cancer other 
than CRC,” but argues that the disclosure of a genus in the prior art is not 
necessarily a disclosure of every species that is a member of the genus. PO 
Resp. 10–11 (citing Atofina v. Great Lakes Chem. Corp., 441 F.3d 991, 999 
(Fed. Cir. 2006), Metabolite Lab’ys, Inc. v. Lab. Corp. of Am. Holdings, 370 
F.3d 1354, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
Next, Patent Owner argues that the Petition did not provide evidence 
of the number of species in the genus described in the MSR and does not 
contend that one of ordinary skill would immediately appreciate the full 
scope of the genus, which includes at least twenty-nine species. PO Resp. 
13 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 53). According to Patent Owner, the issue of whether 
MSI-H was known to occur in Petitioner’s “hand-picked set of cancers” 
(endometrial, gastric, and small bowel cancer) is irrelevant because it 
overlooks the other MSI-H cancers recited in claim 1 and ignores the 
“unclaimed non-[colorectal] MSI-H cancers.” Id. at 12. According to 
Patent Owner, the size of the non-colorectal cancers included in the MSR is 
large and there is no support for a conclusion that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art could have at once envisaged each member. Id. at 13. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
25 
 
Patent Owner argues that the Petition overstates the understanding one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have of MSI-H cancers. PO Resp. at 12 
(citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 102). According to Patent Owner, only endometrial 
cancer “was tested for MSI-H as a part of standard care at the time of the 
invention—and it was only tested to identify familial susceptibility (not in 
relationship to treatment).” Id. (citing Ex. 2090 ¶ 79). Patent Owner further 
cites inventor Le’s testimony that the MSR investigators had difficulty 
recruiting MSI-H patients for the non-colorectal cancer arm of the study 
because such testing was not routinely done in non-colorectal cancers. Id. 
(citing Ex. 2130 ¶ 12). This evidence, though, does not persuade us of what 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from the disclosure of 
the MSR. 
In contrast, the testimony of Patent Owner’s witness, Dr. Goldberg, 
supports Petitioner’s argument of the knowledge in the art at the time, 
wherein Dr. Goldberg testifies that “[w]hile many clinical oncologists were 
aware that patients with Lynch Syndrome had a defect in DNA mismatch 
repair, they associated MSI testing with young onset colorectal and 
endometrial cancer and patients with a family history of colorectal and/or 
endometrial cancer.” Ex. 2090 ¶ 79. Similarly, during his deposition Dr. 
Goldberg also agreed that endometrial, gastric, and small-bowel cancers 
would come to mind when he saw a reference to MSI-high non-colorectal 
cancer. (See Ex. 1243, 115:5–116:22 (Q. And so does endometrial cancer 
come to mind when you see reference to MSI-high non-colorectal cancers? 
. . . A. Yes. Q. As . . . a person of skill in the field, when you see reference 
to MSI-high non-colorectal cancers, does gastric cancer come to mind? 
. . . A. I believe it was listed among the items that I stated when you asked 
me what comes to mind. So the answer is yes. Q. As a person of skill in the 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
26 
 
field, when you see reference to MSI-high non-colorectal cancers, does 
small bowel cancer come to mind? . . . A. Yes.”).) Patent Owner does not 
direct us to other evidence contradicting Petitioner’s argument that MSI-H 
was known to occur in endometrial, small bowel, and gastric cancer. Pet. 
18. 
Patent Owner argues that the Petition does not consider the breadth of 
the genus disclosed in the MSR and does not argue or provide evidence to 
show that one of ordinary skill in the art could have envisaged each species 
within that genus. PO Resp. 11–14. We are not persuaded that either the 
size of the genus in the MSR or whether one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have been able to envisage every species within it is dispositive of 
whether the MSR anticipates claim 1, where one or ordinary skill in the art 
would have known that specific cancers recited in claim 1 would be included 
in the MSR. As Petitioner argues, claim 1 requires that “a patient having” 
one of the listed cancers is tested and treated. Pet. Reply 10. Claim 1 does 
not require that the patient have each and every one of the sixteen listed 
cancers. Id. Rather, claim 1 requires testing a sample from “a patient” with 
one of the recited types of cancer and treating the patient. See Brown v. 
3M, 265 F.3d 1349, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (“When a claim covers several 
structures or compositions, either generically or as alternatives, the claim is 
deemed anticipated if any of the structures or compositions within the scope 
of the claim is known in the prior art.”). 
Patent Owner argues further that In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 1338 
(Fed. Cir. 2009), supports its position, requiring that one of ordinary skill in 
the art must at once envisage all MSI-H non-colorectal cancer types included 
in the MSR, not just one or even a subset of the claimed cancer types, in 
order for the MSR to anticipate claim 1. PO Sur-Reply 2. Gleave states: 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
27 
 
For the purposes of whether they are anticipatory, lists and 
genera 
are 
often 
treated 
differently 
under 
our 
case 
law. Compare Perricone v. Medicis Pharm. Corp., 432 F.3d 
1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (rejecting “the notion that [a 
compound] cannot anticipate because it appears without special 
emphasis in a longer list”) with Atofina v. Great Lakes Chem. 
Corp., 441 F.3d 991, 999 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (“It is well established 
that the disclosure of a genus in the prior art is not necessarily a 
disclosure of every species that is a member of that genus.”). This 
distinction collapses when the class of compounds that falls 
within the genus is so limited that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art can “at once envisage each member of this limited class.” 
Eli Lilly, 471 F.3d at 1376. In that limited circumstance, a 
reference describing the genus anticipates every species within 
the genus. See Perricone, 432 F.3d at 1377. 
In re Gleave, 560 F.3d at 1337–38. This portion of Gleave, cited by Patent 
Owner, does not hold that a reference anticipates only when all species either 
disclosed in the reference or recited in the challenged claim can be 
envisioned, but rather that when each species of the prior art genus could be 
envisaged, the genus is anticipatory. 
Nothing in Gleave or any other reference cited by Patent Owner 
refutes the patent law concept that a claim encompassing a species is 
anticipated if a prior art disclosure leads to a genus small enough that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would at once envisage the claimed 
species. See Brown, 265 F.3d at 1351; In re Slayter, 276 F.2d 408, 411 
(CCPA 1960) (“[A] generic claim cannot be allowed to an applicant if the 
prior art discloses a species falling within the claimed genus.”); In re 
Gosteli, 872 F.2d 1008 (Fed. Cir. 1989) (holding that a claim reciting a 
genus of twenty-one specific chemical species in a Markush group is 
anticipated by prior art that discloses two of the chemical species). 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
28 
 
Patent Owner attempts to distinguish Brown by arguing that its 
holding is limited to anticipation of a claimed genus through disclosure of 
individual species, whereas the facts of this case involve the disclosure of a 
genus. PO Resp. 14. Because the facts before us, including the testimony of 
Patent Owner’s witness, indicate that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have immediately understood that the third arm of the study described in the 
MSR includes patients with cancers recited in claim 1, including 
endometrial, gastric, and small-bowel cancers, we are persuaded that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood that the MSR discloses 
species that fall within the scope of claim 1. Ex. 2090 ¶ 79; Ex. 1243, 
115:5–116:22; Ex. 1085, 673–75; Ex. 1086, 14; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 25, 63; 
Ex. 1005, 4. We are not persuaded that where species falling within the 
scope of claim 1 were previously known and disclosed in MSR, that claim 1 
is patentable over the MSR. See Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool 
Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (“a reference can anticipate a 
claim even if it ‘d[oes] not expressly spell out’ all the limitations arranged or 
combined as in the claim, if a person of skill in the art, reading the reference, 
would ‘at once envisage’” the claimed arrangement or combination.” 
(quoting In re Petering, 301 F.2d 676, 681 (CCPA 1962)). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and the evidence presented, 
we are persuaded that the MSR teaches “testing or having tested a biological 
sample obtained from a patient” having endometrial, small bowel, or gastric 
cancer and, thus teaches the corresponding limitation of claim 1.6 
 
6 We need not decide whether the preamble is limiting as we find that the 
MSI-H Study Record discloses the preamble. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
29 
 
(2) [1.1]: “in response to determining that the solid tumor is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient, treating a patient” 
Petitioner argues that the MSI-H Study Record anticipates this 
limitation in claim 1 because the Arms and Interventions section treating 
patients having MSI-H non-colorectal cancer with 10 mg/kg of 
pembrolizumab every 14 days. Pet. 19–21; see also Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 65–67 
(“The MSI-H Study Record’s discussion of treating patients with ‘MSI 
positive’ cancer also concerns treating patients with a mismatch repair 
deficiency (‘dMMR’)”). 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not disclose treating any of 
the 16 cancers recited in claim 1 “in response to determining that the 
patient’s cancer is [MSI-H]” because nothing in the MSR teaches identifying 
any of the claimed cancer types as having the MSI-H biomarker and, in 
response to that determination, treating with pembrolizumab. PO Resp. 15 
(citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 103). 
As explained above, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments and 
the cited evidence that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
and envisaged the MSR to include patients with at least endometrial, small 
bowel, or gastric cancers. We are further persuaded that the MSR teaches 
treating these patients in response to the determination that these patient’s 
tumors were MSI-H in the third arm of the study described. Patent Owner’s 
arguments about the failure of the MSR to expressly identify any of the 
cancers recited in claim 1 do not persuade us otherwise. Instead, we are 
persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that the 
MSR teaches testing a patient with a non-colorectal cancer, such as 
endometrial, small bowel, or gastric cancers, to determine if the patient has 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
30 
 
an MSI-H tumor and, if the tumor is determined to be MSI-H, treating the 
patient with amount of pembrolizumab described as being therapeutically 
effective in the ’187 patent. 
Accordingly, we are persuaded that the MSR teaches this limitation of 
claim 1. 
(3) [1.2]: “having a solid tumor” 
This limitation is identical to limitation [1.pre], discussed above, and 
met for the same reasons. Pet. 21. 
(4) [1.3]: “selected from the group consisting of: endometrial 
cancer, small bowel cancer, gastric cancer, ampullary 
cancer, cholangiocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, prostate 
cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, liver cancer, 
ovarian cancer, uterine cancer, cervical cancer, bladder 
cancer, testicular cancer and oral cancer” 
This limitation is identical to limitation [1.pre], discussed above, and 
met for the same reasons. Pet. 21. 
(5) [1.4]: “with a therapeutically effective amount of 
pembrolizumab” 
Petitioner relies on Dr. Neugut’s testimony to assert that the dosage 
described in the MSI-H Study Record is the same as the dosage described as 
being effective in the ’187 patent. Compare Pet. 21–22 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 70–73; Ex. 1005, 2 (Study Identification), 3 (Study Description), 4 (Arms 
and Interventions), 4–5 (Outcome Measures), 5–6 (Eligibility)) with 
Ex. 1001 4:23–36, 8:51–58, 13:30–37. 
In view of the above, we determine that Petitioner has sufficiently 
demonstrated that the MSI-H Study Record discloses this limitation. Patent 
Owner does not argue to the contrary. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
31 
 
(6) [1.5]: “based on a determination that the solid tumor has 
progressed following at least one prior cancer treatment” 
Petitioner alleges that the MSI-H Study Record discloses the above 
limitation, because the MSI-H Study Record requires the enrolled patients to 
have “tumors” and “measurable disease,” which Dr. Neugut testifies would 
include metastatic and advanced non-colorectal cancers in the context of the 
MSI-H Study Record. Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1005, 2–6 (Study Identification, 
Study Design, Eligibility); Ex. 1020, 25; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 74–75). According to 
Dr. Neugut, the MSI-H Study Record indicated that, “before receiving 
treatment based on the MSI-H Study Record, patients would have generally 
received a prior cancer therapy drug and had their solid tumors progress 
after receiving that prior treatment.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 74. 
Dr. Neugut testifies that patients with metastatic and advanced 
endometrial, small bowel, and gastric cancer “would have generally received 
at least one prior drug therapy, such as standard of care chemotherapy, and 
had their cancers progress after that drug therapy.” Id. ¶ 76 (citing Ex. 1089 
at PDF p. 17 (endometrial); Ex. 1020, 25 (small bowel)). Dr. Neugut 
observes that the Eligibility section of the MSI-H Study Record takes care to 
exclude patients having had prior treatment with certain antibodies. Id. at 
¶ 74. Dr. Neugut interprets this exclusion as supporting his opinion that 
such patients would have received a prior cancer therapy drug to treat their 
tumor because otherwise, the study would not have purposefully excluded 
these antibodies, and because if the prior therapies had worked, these 
patients would not have participated in the MSI-H Study Record. Id. Dr. 
Neugut cites to a poster presentation describing the MSI-H Study Record as 
requiring that patients have “progressive disease” and have had prior 
therapies. Id. ¶ 79. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
32 
 
Dr. Oberstein testifies that he agrees with Dr. Neugut. Ex. 1150 
¶¶ 68–71. Dr. Oberstein testifies that because the eligibility criteria stated in 
the MSR requires patients to have “measurable disease,” one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have expected a patient to have undergone prior cancer 
therapies and would have had their cancer progress after those therapies 
prior to enrollment. Id. at ¶ 68. Dr. Oberstein testifies that it is reasonable 
to assume that patients would typically have received the two standard 
chemotherapy regimens before trying a novel therapeutic agent. Id. at ¶ 69. 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR is silent about whether eligible 
patients must have had prior, failed treatment and that Petitioner’s 
“assertions that a patient ‘generally’ . . . would have received a prior 
treatment is not enough to meet the high burden for an inherency finding.” 
PO Resp. 16–17. 
Patent Owner cites evidence to show that, instead, it was known that 
some cancer patients can proceed directly to clinical trials even without prior 
treatment. Id. at 17–19. First, Patent Owner cites published guidelines for 
the management of patients with gastric cancer. Id. at 18 (citing Ex. 1096, 
533, 537; Ex. 2072 ¶ 105). But Patent Owner fails to explain the flow 
diagrams in the cited pages of this publication and, although there is mention 
of “clinical trial” for “Unresectable locally advanced, locally recurrent or 
metastatic disease,” it is not clear that this is recommended in the absence of 
different or prior cancer therapy. Ex. 1096, 533, 537. Second, Patent Owner 
cites published guidelines on treating colon cancer that state: “Although the 
guidelines are believed to represent the optimal treatment strategy, the panel 
believes that, when appropriate, patients should preferentially be included in 
a clinical trial over standard or accepted therapy.” Ex. 1009, 1029. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
33 
 
Patent Owner’s evidence is directed to the general knowledge in the 
field, not to the specific understandings of one of ordinary skill in the art 
when reviewing the MSR, such as the testimony of a witness regarding the 
content of the MSR. Patent Owner cites Dr. Lonberg’s testimony that the 
MSR “says nothing about . . . cancer progression.” Ex. 2072 ¶ 104; PO 
Resp. 18. Dr. Lonberg disagrees with Dr. Neugut’s interpretation of the 
term “measurable disease” in the MSR. Ex. 2072 ¶ 106 (“While measurable 
cancer refers to a cancer that has a minimum size (e.g., as determined by 
imaging), this has little to do with whether or not a patient’s cancer has 
progressed after the patient received prior therapies.”). But Dr. Lonberg 
fails to testify that one of ordinary skill in the art would not have understood 
the MSR in 2013 to teach treating patients who had received prior/different 
cancer therapies, wherein the patients’ cancer had progressed after the 
patients received the prior/different cancer therapies. 
On balance, we find Petitioner’s evidence more persuasive of what 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from the MSR. As 
Patent Owner argues, the MSR was updated in 2016 to add the “express 
requirement for a prior treatment.” PO Resp. 18. We have considered this 
argument but find that this update alone does not indicate that the MSR as it 
appeared in 2013 was not within the scope of the challenged claims. See Ex. 
1150 ¶ 69 (Dr. Oberstein testifying that “it is reasonable to assume that 
patients would typically receive [the two standard chemotherapy regimens 
(FOLFOX and FOLFIRI) for colorectal cancer] before trying a novel 
therapeutic agent.”). It is also not clear why the MSR was updated – was it a 
change to the study or merely a clarification? The update by itself is not 
dispositive of whether one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
the 2013 version of the MSR cited by Petitioner to teach treating patients 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
34 
 
who had received a “different cancer therapy” or “prior cancer therapy,” and 
the patient’s cancer to have progressed “after the patient received the 
different cancer therapy” or “following the prior cancer therapy.” We find 
Dr. Neugut’s and Dr. Oberstein’s testimony, and Dr. Lonberg’s lack of clear 
testimony to the contrary, persuasive as to this issue. 
In light of the cited testimony, we are persuaded that Petitioner has 
met its burden of proving whether a skilled artisan would reasonably 
understand or infer that the limitation for a solid tumor that has progressed 
following at least one prior cancer treatment was disclosed in the MSR. 
Petitioner demonstrates what one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood from the MSR, not what it inherently discloses. Contra PO 
Resp. 16–19. 
(7) [1.6]: “and further based on previous testing of a 
biological sample obtained from the patient that the 
patient’s solid tumor exhibits at least one marker for high 
microsatellite instability or DNA mismatch repair 
deficiency.” 
Petitioner contends that the Arms and Interventions section of the 
MSI-H Study Record teaches this limitation in claim 1. Pet. 27–28. 
Specifically, Petitioner contends that “the MSI-H Study Record discloses 
treating three study arms, one of which consists of patients having MSI 
positive non-colorectal cancer—that is non-colorectal cancer that exhibits an 
instability of more than one microsatellite marker and a deficiency of one or 
more mismatch repair markers.” Id. (citing Ex. 1005, 2–6 (Arms and 
Interventions, Study Identification, Study Design, Eligibility); Ex. 1007, 
3382–3383; Ex. 1003 ¶ 80). Petitioner also relies on Dr. Neugut’s testimony 
that, in order to place the patients into the proper arm, the MSI-H Study 
Record required a biological sample from the patient that had previously 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
35 
 
been tested to determine whether the cancer is microsatellite instability high 
or DNA mismatch repair deficient. Id. at 28; Ex. 1003 ¶ 81. 
In view of the above, and after review of the entire record, we 
determine that Petitioner has sufficiently demonstrated that the MSI-H Study 
Record discloses this limitation. Patent Owner does not argue to the 
contrary. 
(8) Patent Owner’s Remaining Arguments 
In addition to arguing that the MSR does not teach specific elements 
recited in claim 1, Patent Owner argues that the MSR cannot anticipate 
claim 1 because it does not inherently disclose the clinical results of the 
study described in the MSR and because the MSR proposed an experimental 
use disqualifying it as prior art. PO Resp. 20–32. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner inappropriately relies on In re 
Montgomery, 677 F.3d at 1381, 1385, to support the assertion of inherent 
anticipation of the claimed method. PO Resp. 20–24; Pet. 15 (“In In re 
Montgomery, the Federal Circuit held that a document disclosing a planned 
clinical study inherently anticipated method of treatment claims even where 
the method of treatment had not yet been practiced.”). Patent Owner argues 
that because the MSR is only an initial submission for an experimental trial 
that had not yet begun recruiting patients or obtaining experimental data, it 
was merely an “invitation to investigate” from which the results claimed by 
the ’187 Patent did not “inevitably flow.” PO Resp. 21. Patent Owner cites 
the testimony of inventor Le to argue that, at the time the MSR was posted, 
the inventors had only a hypothesis based on a single patient’s response to a 
different drug, lacking even preliminary animal data. Id. (citing Ex. 2130 
¶¶ 10, 22). Patent Owner argues further that the inventors only knew the 
drug had been unsuccessful in other studies and that the outcome of the 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
36 
 
MSR was not assured. Id. at 21–22 (citing Ex. 2090 ¶ 57; Ex. 2024;7 Ex. 
10138). According to Patent Owner, “the MSR was a far cry from meeting 
Montgomery’s inevitability requirement for inherent anticipation,” being 
design only to test the hypothesis that MSI-H might correlate with a 
response to treatment with pembrolizumab, rather than to secure regulatory 
approval. Id. at 22–24; Ex. 2072 ¶ 118. 
We do not doubt that the inventors were unaware of the results of the 
study described in the MSR before it was concluded, but we are not 
persuaded that the MSR is so vague it does not teach the steps expressly 
recited in claim 1. Regardless of the inventors’ intent in publishing the MSR 
as a Stage II clinical trial on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website, as discussed 
above, we determine that one of ordinary skill in the art would have known 
that the MSR teaches testing a biological sample from a patient having either 
endometrial, small bowel, or gastric cancer to determine if the patient’s 
cancer is MSI-H or dMMR and, if so, treating the patient with a 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab. See, e.g., Ex. 1005, 4 
(Arms and Interventions). The result of drug treatment inherently follows its 
administration. The MSR does not merely suggest that pembrolizumab may 
be useful in some unidentified subset of cancer patients or suggest that some 
unidentified drug may be useful for MSI-H cancer patients. Instead, the 
 
7 Brahmer et al., Phase I Study of Single-Agent Anti–Programmed 
Death-1 (MDX-1106) in Refractory Solid Tumors: Safety, Clinical 
Activity, Pharmacodynamics, and Immunologic Correlates, 28(19) J. CLIN. 
ONCOLOGY 3167 (July 1, 2010). 
8 Topalian et al., Safety, Activity, and Immune Correlates of Anti–PD- 
1 Antibody in Cancer, 366(26) NEW ENG. J. MED. 2443 (June 28, 
2012). 
 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
37 
 
MSR discloses testing patients with cancers known to be associated with 
MSI-H, as recited in claim 1, and treating with the drug recited in claim 1 if 
the cancer was determined to be MSI-H. See Metabolite Labs., 370 F.3d at 
1367 (holding that the prior art did not inherently anticipate where it failed 
to mention specific vitamin deficiencies, instead merely inviting further 
experimentation to find associations with metabolic perturbations).) 
Montgomery states that “even if the claim includes an efficacy 
requirement, efficacy is inherent in carrying out the claim steps,” referring to 
a claimed method of treating or preventing stroke, which was held to be 
anticipated by the publication of a proposed study. 677 F.3d at 1381. Patent 
Owner attempts to distinguish the size and apparent surety of the study in 
Montgomery from the MSR. PO Resp. 23–24. But because we find that the 
MSR teaches performing the steps recited in claim 1 for the purpose of 
determining and treating MSI-H colorectal cancer, we are persuaded that the 
MSR anticipates the results of administration of the drug treatment recited in 
those steps. See Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs., Inc., 246 
F.3d 1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (“the claimed process here is not directed 
to a new use; it is the same use, and it consists of the same steps as described 
by Kris. Newly discovered results of known processes directed to the same 
purpose are not patentable because such results are inherent.”). Whether or 
not the MSR could have provided results or was sufficient for full regulatory 
approval does not change that the MSR teaches Patent Owner’s claimed 
steps. 
Patent Owner argues further that the MSR discloses an experimental 
use that does not qualify as prior art. PO Resp. 26–32. Patent Owner argues 
that an inventor can be granted latitude to experiment in the public eye until 
her invention is ready for patenting. Id. at 26 (citing Pfaff v. Wells Elecs., 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
38 
 
Inc., 525 U.S. 55, 64 (1998). According to Patent Owner, the experimental 
use negation applies to the MSR under a 13-factor analysis provided in Allen 
Eng'g Corp. v. Bartell Indus., Inc., 299 F.3d 1336, 1353 (Fed. Cir. 
2002). See id. at 27–31. For example, Patent Owner argues that to establish 
that treatment of MSI-H cancers was effective, the inventors had to test the 
treatment in humans, there being no animal models, and had to publish the 
MSR on the government website under federal law. Id. at 27–30. Patent 
Owner argues further that the inventors had control over the MSI-H clinical 
study and that the field of cancer treatment was highly unpredictable, among 
other facts. Id. at 28. Patent Owner argues that “[a]t that time, there can be 
no question that the claimed invention was not ready for patenting. The 
clinical study supporting the data in the patent had not yet begun.” Id. at 
30. 
Petitioner disagrees, arguing that “[i]t is well established . . . that there 
is no requirement to provide evidence from human clinical trials for claims 
to be patentable under §101 or §112.” (Pet. Reply 9 (citing In re ’318 Patent 
Infringement Litig., 583 F.3d 1317, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (“human trials are 
not required for a therapeutic invention to be patentable”); Ex parte 
Balzarini, 21 U.S.P.Q.2d 1892 (BPAI 1991) (holding that even in situations 
where no art-recognized animal models exist, there is no decisional law that 
requires an applicant to provide data from human clinical trials.)).) 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s assertions about the requirements 
for patentability, arguing that “[t]he uncertainty surrounding the amount of 
disclosure required to support patenting a method of treating human patients 
reinforces the importance of applying experimental-use negation where 
supported by the record, especially in highly unpredictable fields such as 
cancer treatment.” PO Sur-Reply 14. But Patent Owner does not direct us 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
39 
 
to evidence that it attempted to file any patent application before the 
publication date of the MSR and was denied an earlier filing date. We note 
that Patent Owner filed a provisional patent application on November 13, 
2014, which, although also filed more than a year after the publication of the 
MSR, disclosed no clinical results or data. Ex. 1001, cover; Ex. 1030, 1. 
Patent Owner does not attempt to rely on this provisional application for a 
prior filing date in the current proceeding, but does not direct us to evidence 
that the earlier date would have been denied. PO Resp. 5 n.4. We are not 
persuaded by Patent Owner’s assertion that “there can be no question” that 
Patent Owner could not have filed an earlier application to secure a priority 
date before the MSR was publicly available. 
The Supreme Court was concerned that “[i]t is sometimes said that an 
inventor acquires an undue advantage over the public by delaying to take out 
a patent, inasmuch as he thereby preserves the monopoly to himself for a 
longer period than is allowed by the policy of the law,” but held that “when 
the delay is occasioned by a bona fide effort to bring his invention to 
perfection, or to ascertain whether it will answer the purpose intended,” 
the experiment use exception can preserve the inventor’s rights. City of 
Elizabeth v. Am. Nicholson Pavement Co., 97 U.S. 126, 137 
(1877). Because we are not persuaded that Patent Owner could not have 
filed an earlier application, we are not persuaded that the experimental use 
doctrine is properly applied in this case, particularly given that clinical trial 
protocols published on the ClinicalTrials.gov website have been successfully 
asserted as prior art in other cases. See Salix Pharms., Ltd. v. Norwich 
Pharms. Inc., 98 F.4th 1056, 1061 (Fed. Cir. 2024), cert. denied, 145 S. Ct. 
567 (2024), and cert. denied, 145 S. Ct. 983 (2024). 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
40 
 
g. Summary for claim 1 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the MSR teaches each and every element of claim 1. We are not 
persuaded otherwise by Patent Owner’s arguments. Accordingly, we 
determine that claim 1 is anticipated by the MSR 
2. Independent Claim 11 
Patent Owner does not present separate arguments against Petitioner’s 
challenge to claim 11 as being anticipated by the MSR. See, e.g., PO Resp. 
15, 16 (referring to claims 1 and 11 together). For the reasons discussed 
above regarding claim 1, we are persuaded that claim 11 is anticipated by 
the MSR. 
3. Dependent Claims 
a) Claims 6, 16, 24, and 28 
Petitioner argues that claims 6, 16, 24, and 28 are anticipated by the 
MSR. Pet. 30, 35, 37, 38. Claims 6, 16, 24 and 28 each require that the 
cancer treated according to the claimed method is “metastatic.” As 
discussed above, the MSI-H Study Record indicated that, “before receiving 
treatment based on the MSI-H Study Record, patients would have generally 
received a prior cancer therapy drug and had their solid tumors progress 
after receiving that prior treatment.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 74; see also id. ¶ 89 (“the 
MSI-H Study indicates that the physicians understood postings on 
clinicaltrials.gov indicated that patients had ‘metastatic tumors.’”) (citing 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
41 
 
Ex. 1049,9 444; Ex. 1050,10 S4). Specifically, one 2015 publication refers to 
the clinical trial number of the MSR and states: “pembrolizumab is being 
tested in metastatic tumors with microsatellite instability, including 
colorectal cancer (NCT01876511).” Ex. 1049, 444. Another 2015 
publication, entitled “Novel Therapies in Development for Metastatic 
Colorectal Cancer,” refers to the MSR (“NCT01876511”) as a “Phase II 
clinical trials in development investigating immunotherapy in MSI-H 
mCRC,” wherein “mCRC” is defined as metastatic colorectal cancer. 
Ex. 1050, S2, S4. 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not disclose treatment of 
metastatic colorectal cancer and that the disclosure of “measurable disease” 
is not a teaching of metastatic cancer because “measurable disease” is not 
synonymous with metastatic cancer. PO Resp. 19–20. In support, Patent 
Owner cites to Dr. Neugut’s testimony that “metastatic” and “measurable” 
are “totally different terms,” wherein metastatic tumors are not necessarily 
measurable. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 77; Ex. 2163, 14:9–15:12). 
Even if Dr. Neugut’s reasoning that the reference to “measurable” 
disease in the MSR would have indicated patients having metastatic cancer 
is flawed, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence of publications 
referring to the MSR as a study of metastatic colorectal cancer that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood the MSR to disclose treating 
 
9 Matikas et al., The Place of Targeted Agents in the Treatment of 
Elderly Patients with Metastatic Colorectal Cancer, 7(1) CANCERS 
439 (March 13, 2015). 
10 Lee et al., Novel Therapies in Development for Metastatic Colorectal 
Cancer, 7(4 Supp. 1) GASTROINTESTINAL CANCER RESEARCH S2 
(September 2015). 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
42 
 
patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. See Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050, S4. 
Patent Owner does not address this evidence. 
We are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence that claims 6, 16, 24, and 
28 are anticipated by the MSR. 
b) Claims 2, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 17, 19–23, and 25–27 
Petitioner argues that claims 2, 4, 5, 7, 12, 14, 15, 17, 22, 23, and 25–
27 are also anticipated by the MSR. Pet. 23–24, 29–31. Patent Owner does 
not argue these claims separately. 
Briefly, Petitioner argues that claims 2 and 12, which require the 
biological sample to be a tumor tissue from the patient, are anticipated by 
the MSR because the Eligibility Criteria section of the MSR requires each 
patient to “[a]gree to have a biopsy of their cancer” and Dr. Neugut testifies 
that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that a biopsy of a 
patient’s tumor obtains tumor tissue for testing. Ex. 1005, 5–6; Ex. 1003 
¶ 70. 
Petitioner argues that claims 4, 5, 14, 15, 22, 23, 26, and 27 which 
require that the colorectal cancer be microsatellite high or DNA mismatch 
repair deficient is anticipated by the MSR because the MSR teaches treating 
colorectal cancer patients whose tumors are determined to be MSI-H or 
dMMR. Pet. 24, 30 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 72–75). 
Petitioner argues that claims 7 and 17, which require the 
pembrolizumab to be administered to the patient intravenously is anticipated 
by the MSR because one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
at the time that pembrolizumab for the treatment of cancer was administered 
intravenously. Pet. 29, 31 (citing Ex. 1011, 134 (“We administered 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
43 
 
[pembrolizumab] intravenously.”); Ex. 1054, 3; Ex. 1055,11 1 (“Administer 
2 mg/kg as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every 3 weeks.”); 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 87–88). 
Petitioner argues that claims 9, 10, 19, 20, 21, and 25, which require 
the solid tumor to be, inter alia, endometrial cancer, small bowel, and gastric 
cancer, where endometrial cancer is a type of uterine cancer. See Pet. 31, 36 
(citing Ex. 1089, 39; Ex. 1003 ¶ 95). 
In view of the above, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence that 
each of claims 2, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 17, 19–23, and 25–27 are 
anticipated by the MSR. 
4. Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that the preponderance of the 
evidence supports Petitioner’s argument that the MSI-H Study Record 
teaches each and every element of the challenged dependent claims. We are 
not persuaded otherwise by Patent Owner’s arguments pertaining to these 
claims. Accordingly, we determine that claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 
19–28 are anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
D. Ground 2: Obviousness of Claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–28 
over MSI-H Study Record, Brown, Duval, and Benson 
Petitioner presents a challenge to claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 
19–28 of the ’187 patent under 35 U.S.C. § 103, as an alternative to the 
challenge under 35 U.S.C. § 102, to address certain arguments by Patent 
Owner. Pet. 41–42. Because “anticipation is the epitome of obviousness,” 
we are persuaded that the claims Petitioner challenges as being anticipated 
 
11 September 4, 2014 Keytruda Package Insert, available at 
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2014/125514 
lbl.pdf 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
44 
 
by the MSR would have been obvious over the MSR and other references, 
for the reasons discussed above. In re McDaniel, 293 F.3d 1379, 1385 (Fed. 
Cir. 2002). Accordingly, the preponderance of the evidence supports 
Petitioner’s challenges of claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–28 as being 
obvious over the MSR alone. 
A. Grounds 3–6: Obviousness of Claim 1–28 Based on the MSI-H Study 
Record, Brown, Duval, Benson, Koh, Steinert, and Hamid 
Petitioner argues that certain dependent claims of the ’187 patent are 
unpatentable because they are obvious over the MSI-H Study Record, 
Pernot, and other cited references, including Chapelle, Steinert, Benson, and 
Hamid. Pet. 48–62. Because, as discussed above, we determined that 
claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–28 are anticipated by the MSR, they 
also would have been obvious over MSR alone in each of Grounds 3–6 for 
the reasons discussed above. In re McDaniel, 293 F.3d at 1385. In the 
discussion that follows, we review Petitioner’s obviousness challenges for 
the claims not addressed in Ground 1—that is, claims 3, 8, 13, and 18. 
1. Claims 8 and 18: Obviousness over the MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Koh, Chapelle 
Claims 8 and 18 recite the methods of claims 1 and 11, respectively, 
“wherein the previous testing comprised assessing one or more of BAT-25, 
BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 and NR-24.” Petitioner cites Chapelle for its 
teaching of Chappelle’s standard methods for testing for MSI-H, including a 
test for MSI-H that has “stood the test of time” comprises testing for “two 
mononucleotide repeats (BAT26, BAT25).” Pet. 56–57 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 164; Ex. 1007, 3382). Petitioner contends that “[a] method wherein the 
biological sample was tested by a method comprising assessing one or more 
markers selected from the group consisting of BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
45 
 
27, NR-21 and NR-24 would have been obvious to the POSA in view of the 
general knowledge in the art, such as Chapelle. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 162–
164). 
We find that the record as recounted above supports Petitioner’s 
arguments. 
2. Claims 3 and 13: Obviousness over the MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Koh, and Steinert 
Claims 3 and 13 recite the method of claim 1 or 11, respectively, 
“wherein the biological sample is a body fluid from the patient.” Petitioner 
cites Steinert for its teaching of testing body fluid to determine whether a 
tumor is microsatellite instability high. Pet. 58–59 (citing Ex. 1008, OF6; 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 168, 170). 
Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would have been 
motivated to combine the MSR (alone or combined with Pernot) and Steinert 
because the MSI-H Study Record discloses, or at least suggests, determining 
that the patient’s colorectal cancer is MSI-H and Steinert teaches methods of 
testing whether a tumor was MSI-H using body fluid. Id. (citing Ex. 1008, 
OF6; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 168, 170). Petitioner argues, citing Dr. Neugut’s 
testimony, that one of ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success given that the method of testing for MSI-H would not 
have been expected to change the efficacy of the use of pembrolizumab for 
treating colorectal cancer patients having MSI-H tumors. Id. at 59 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 6:25–26 (“Testing of MSI can be accomplished by any means 
known in the art”), 6:35–38; Ex. 1003 ¶ 171). 
We find that the record as recounted above supports Petitioner’s 
arguments. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
46 
 
3. Patent Owner’s Arguments 
Patent Owner does not raise specific arguments against any of the 
challenges to claims 3, 8, 13, and 18 as being obvious. See generally PO 
Resp. That is, Patent Owner argues against all of the obviousness challenges 
together, without arguing that any of the limitations recited in the dependent 
claims renders the method of claim 1 or 11 non-obvious. 
Patent Owner presents objective evidence of non-obviousness that it 
asserts demonstrates the non-obviousness of the claimed methods. PO Resp. 
55–83. The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, skepticism, long-
felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of the claimed 
methods. Id. Because we determine, as discussed above, that the methods 
recited in the independent claims are anticipated by the MSR, Patent 
Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive of the 
patentability of claims 1 and 11. See Cohesive Tech., Inc. v. Waters Corp., 
543 F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (“secondary considerations are not an 
element of a claim of anticipation.”). Similarly, Patent Owner’s objective 
evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive of the patentability of 
dependent claims 2, 4–7, 9, 10, 12, 14–17, and 19–28, which we determine 
are anticipated by the MSR. 
Regarding the dependent claims that Petitioner challenges only on 
obviousness grounds (claims 3, 8, 13, 18), Patent Owner must show a nexus 
between the claimed methods and the evidence of non-obviousness. See 
Henny Penny Corp. v. Frymaster LLC, 938 F.3d 1324, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 2019) 
(“to be accorded substantial weight in the obviousness analysis, the evidence 
of secondary considerations must have a ‘nexus’ to the claims, i.e., there 
must be ‘a legally and factually sufficient connection’ between the evidence 
and the patented invention. . . . Ultimately, ‘[t]he patentee bears the burden 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
47 
 
of showing that a nexus exists.’” (quoting Demaco Corp. v. F. Von 
Langsdorff Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 1988), WMS 
Gaming, Inc. v. Int'l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1359 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
Patent Owner does not direct us to evidence of a nexus to limitations 
recited in the dependent claims, for example to claims 3 and 13, which recite 
testing a biological sample that is a bodily fluid, claims 8 and 18, which 
recite testing that comprises assessing one or more markers selected from the 
group consisting of BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 and NR-24. 
Even if there is a nexus to the Patent Owner’s evidence of secondary 
considerations, the evidence addresses the methods of independent claims 1 
and 11, not the limitations of the claims Petitioner challenges as being 
obvious. PO Resp. 55–83. Patent Owner directs us only to evidence 
regarding treating patients determined to have certain MSI-H cancers with 
pembrolizumab, which we determine to be anticipated by the MSR. Id. at 
58. When evidence of a “secondary consideration is exclusively related to a 
single feature that is in the prior art,” our reviewing court has held the 
evidence is of no relevance to the obviousness inquiry. See Yita LLC v. 
MacNeil IP LLC, 69 F.4th 1356, 1363–65 (Fed. Cir. 2023), cert. denied, 144 
S. Ct. 499 (2023) (distinguishing WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 
1330–31 (Fed. Cir. 2016)); see also Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. v. Covidien 
LP, 812 F.3d 1023, 1034 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (“[I]f the feature that creates the 
commercial success was known in the prior art, the success is not 
pertinent.”). In Yita, the prior art taught close-conformance of a floor tray 
with the walls of a vehicle foot well, which one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have had reason to use in combination with other prior-art teachings 
to arrive at the claimed invention. See Yita, 69 F.4th at 1359–61. The court 
held that because the asserted evidence of secondary consideration related 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
48 
 
exclusively to close-conformity, the evidence was not persuasive of non-
obviousness, even though the claimed floor tray was coextensive with the 
product that produced the evidence. See id. at 1364–65 (“The 
coextensiveness inquiry bears only on the presumption of nexus; it does not 
decide the overall nexus question.”). 
Because Patent Owner directs us only to evidence that the methods 
recited in claims 1 and 11 produced evidence of secondary considerations, 
we are not persuaded that this evidence is persuasive of the non-obviousness 
of the specific methods recited in the dependent claims. For example, Patent 
Owner fails to direct us to evidence that a method of treating MSI-H 
colorectal cancer in a patient “wherein the biological sample is a body fluid 
from the patient,” as recited in claim 3, or “wherein the at least one marker 
comprises BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 or NR-24,” as recited in 
claim 8, demonstrated unexpected results or commercial success. 
 Accordingly, having considered the evidence of record as a whole, 
we determine that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that the methods of claims 3, 8, 13, and 18 would have been 
obvious. We are not persuaded to the contrary by Patent Owner’s arguments 
or evidence of second secondary considerations. 
4. Summary 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the challenged claims would have been obvious over the MSR and the 
other references Petitioner cites. Patent Owner does not persuade us 
otherwise. Accordingly, we determine that claims 3, 8, 13, and 18 are 
rendered obvious by the MSR and the other cited references. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
49 
 
III. 
CONCLUSION12 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–36 of the ’287 patent are 
unpatentable. In summary: 
 
12 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–
12, 14– 
17, 19–28 
102 
MSR 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–
12, 14– 
17, 19–28 
 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–
12, 14– 
17, 19–28 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–
12, 14– 
17, 19–28 
 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–
12, 14– 
17, 19–28 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Koh 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–
12, 14– 
17, 19–28 
 
2, 8, 12, 18 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Chapelle 
2, 8, 12, 18 
 
3, 13 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Steinert 
3, 13 
 
7, 17 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Hamid 
7, 17 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–28 
 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-00649 
Patent 11,629,187 B2 
50 
 
 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is 
ORDERED that claims 1–28 of the ’187 patent have been shown to be 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Naveen Modi 
Bruce Wexler 
Preston Ratliff 
Daniel Zeilberger 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
brucewexler@paulhastings.com 
prestonratliff@paulhastings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Nicholas Stephens 
Grace Kim 
Todd Miller 
Matthew Chun 
Kristi Sawert 
FISH & RICHARDSON P.C. 
nstephens@fr.com 
gkim@fr.com 
miller@fr.com 
mchun@fr.com 
sawert@fr.com