--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 41 
571-272-7822 
Entered: July 21, 2025 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
NEURENT MEDICAL INC. & NEURENT MEDICAL LTD., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE FOUNDRY, LLC, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
Before SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and 
TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
SNEDDEN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
Dismissing Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
1 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Neurent Medical Inc. and Neurent Medical Ltd. (collectively, 
“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting an inter partes review of claims 1, 2, 
5, 8–10, 12, and 14 of U.S. Patent No. 10,894,011 B2 (“the ’011 patent,” 
Ex. 1001). Paper 3 (“Pet.”). The Foundry, LLC (“Patent Owner”) filed a 
Preliminary Response to the Petition. Paper 7 (“Prelim. Resp.”). 
We instituted trial on July 23, 2024. Paper 9 (“Inst. Dec.”). During 
trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response. Paper 22 (“PO Resp.”). 
Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 26 (“Pet. Reply”)) and Patent Owner filed a 
Sur-reply (Paper 30 (“PO Sur-reply”)). We held an oral hearing on April 29, 
2025, and a transcript of that hearing is of record. Paper 40 (“Tr.”). 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude (Paper 35) remains pending. We 
address that motion in Section IV below. 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
full record developed through trial, we determine that Petitioner has proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Our reasoning is explained below, 
and we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a). 
II. 
BACKGROUND 
A. Real Parties in Interest 
Neurent Medical Inc. and Neurent Medical Ltd. identify themselves as 
the real parties in interest for Petitioner. Pet. 3. Patent Owner identifies The 
Foundry, LLC as the owner of the ’011 patent and identifies Aerin 
Medical Inc. as the exclusive licensee of the ’011 patent. Paper 6, 2. 
B. Related Matters 
The parties indicate that the ’011 patent is involved in Aerin Medical 
Inc. and The Foundry LLC v. Neurent Medical Inc. and Neurent Medical 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
2 
Ltd., Case No. 1:23-cv-00756-JLH (D. Del.), filed July 11, 2023. Pet. 3; 
Paper 6, 2. 
Petitioner has also filed petitions for inter partes review of the 
following patents asserted against Petitioner by Patent Owner and/or Aerin 
Medical Inc.: IPR2024-00275 against U.S. Patent No. 9,072,597; IPR2024-
00276 against U.S. Patent No. 9,415,194; IPR2024-00277 against 
U.S. Patent No. 11,241,271; IPR2024-00278 against U.S. Patent No. 
11,033,318; IPR2024-00279 against U.S. Patent No. 10,610,675; IPR2024-
00281 against U.S. Patent No. 11,679,077; and IPR2024-00282 against 
U.S. Patent No. 11,766,286. Pet. 3.1 
C. The ’011 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’011 patent is titled “Systems and Methods for Delivery of a 
Therapeutic Agent.” Ex. 1001, code (54). According to the ’011 patent, 
“certain neurotoxins have found widespread use in millions of patients 
worldwide for a variety of conditions.” Id. at 1:45–49. The ’011 patent 
states that neurotoxins have been proposed for controlling rhinorrhea and 
many other conditions. Id. at 2:19–48. The ’011 patent explains that 
“[r]hinorrhea is the term describing the effluence of mucus from the lining 
of the nasal passages, nasopharynx, or paranasal sinuses” and “can be a 
symptom of a number of diseases such as the common cold, sinusitis or 
rhinitis.” Id. at 7:40–43. 
The ’011 patent states that “[d]ue to their extreme toxicity, 
neurotoxins are highly controlled and can have disastrous consequences if 
 
1 Petitioner’s challenge in IPR2024-00281 was refiled and is now case 
IPR2024-00669. IPR2024-00281 has since been terminated. IPR2024-
00281, Paper 10. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
3 
not used and controlled properly, especially when used in vivo.” Ex. 1001, 
2:54–56. Thus, the ’011 patent explains that 
it would be desirable to provide improved methods and systems 
for delivering toxins, such as botulinum and active botulinum 
fragments, to the nasal membrane of a patient, particularly a 
patient suffering from rhinitis or other conditions associated with 
nasal inflammation and conditions, such as sinus headaches and 
migraine headaches. The methods and systems should be 
capable of providing for selective and repeatable delivery of the 
toxins to defined target areas within the nasal cavities, including 
particular paranasal sinuses, the nasopharynx, and in some cases 
substantially the entire nasal cavity. The systems and methods 
should provide for the safe and effective delivery of the toxins, 
and in particular should reduce or eliminate the risk of toxin 
being delivered to non-targeted tissues outside of the nasal 
cavity. 
Id. at 3:52–66. 
The ’011 patent discloses “methods and apparatus for the control of 
autonomic nerve function comprising delivery via permeabilization of 
targeted cell membranes a therapeutically effective amount of a portion or 
fragment of a neurotoxin,” or “[m]ore particularly, the present invention 
relates to methods and systems for delivering toxins, such as botulinum 
toxin light chain fragments, to target cells in a nasal cavity.” Ex. 1001, 
1:35–44. The ’011 patent states that 
[a] further aspect of the invention is to provide methods and 
apparatus for treating or inhibiting a variety of diseases or 
syndromes that have an underlying neurogenic component, by 
disrupting the neurogenic activities of the promoters or 
mediators of the disease or syndrome. Such disruption is 
facilitated by delivering an active fragment of botulinum toxin, 
such as the light chain portion of botulinum toxin serotype A 
(BoNT-LC/A), in the presence of an electric field or ultrasonic 
energy applied to permeabilize the wall of targeted cell under 
conditions which induce reversible poration of the cellular 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
4 
membrane and efficient passage of the BoNT-LC fragment to the 
cell cytosol, its catalytic environment. 
Id. at 4:61–5:6. 
The ’011 patent describes delivering neurotoxins and active fragments 
thereof “to a patient’s nasal membrane while applying energy to target cells 
within the membrane under conditions which cause a reversible (or in some 
instances non-reversible) poration of the cell membranes to enhance delivery 
of the toxin into the cells.” Ex. 1001, 8:6–13. According to the ’011 patent, 
the toxin may be introduced to “any portion of the nasal cavity, such as a 
single paranasal sinus or portion thereof, a main nasal passage, two or more 
paranasal sinuses,” “the entire nasal cavity of the patient,” or the 
“nasopharynx which is at the back of the nasal passage” and “comprises a 
cluster of goblet cells which are responsible for mucus secretion and which 
are susceptible to the disabling mechanism of the botulinum toxin and other 
neurotoxins.” Id. at 8:13–23. The ’011 patent states that targeting the 
nasopharynx allows “a high percentage of mucus-secreting epithelial or 
goblet cells [to] be treated with a device which is relatively small and which 
may carry a relatively low infusion volume and require less energy.” Id. at 
24:2–6. 
Further, the ’011 patent describes: 
The energy is preferably selectively applied to a targeted 
region containing a variety of cell types, including goblet cells, 
epithelial cells, ciliated and non-ciliated columnar cells, basal 
cells, and less or no energy applied to untargeted regions. It will 
be appreciated that the energy may be applied to regions of the 
nasal membrane which are the same or different from the regions 
to which the toxin has been introduced. By controlling the 
delivery area of both the toxin delivery and the energy delivery, 
the methods and apparatus of the present invention can more 
specifically target the epithelial or goblet and other recipient cells 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
5 
of interest while minimizing the amount of toxin which enters 
non-targeted cells. That is, only those cells in the nasal 
membrane which are exposed to both the toxin and the applied 
energy will preferentially be permeablized or porated to receive 
the toxin within the cytoplasm of the cell. 
Id. at 8:24–39; see also id. at 9:60 (“When the energy applicator is 
incorporated with or within the catheter, the delivery pattern of the energy 
will usually be at least partially overlapping with the toxin delivery pattern 
of the catheter.”). According to the patent, in the case where the regions of 
applied energy and toxin dispersion only partially overlap, “the delivery of 
the toxin will be enabled or enhanced principally within the regions of 
overlap.” Id. at 10:3–5. 
The ’011 patent describes systems which comprise “catheter[s] or 
other structure[s] adapted to introduce the toxin or toxin fragment to a region 
adjacent the target cells,” “an energy applicator for applying energy to the 
target cells under condition[s] which cause poration of the cell membranes to 
enhance delivery of the toxins and/or their active fragments,” and “a source 
of the toxin or active fragments suitable for introduction from the catheter or 
other delivery structure.” Ex. 1001, 5:13–21. According to the ’011 patent, 
“[t]he energy applicator will typically be adapted to selectively apply energy 
to target cells within the region where the toxin is to be introduced, e.g., by 
focusing energy distribution to the particular target cells or regions which 
are rich with the target cells,” but “may be adapted to apply energy non-
selectively within the target region where both target cells and other cell 
types may receive the energy.” Id. at 5:22–29. The energy applicator may 
apply electric energy (such as radiofrequency energy, direct current, 
alternating current, or combinations thereof), ultrasonic energy (such as high 
acoustic pressure ultrasound or low acoustic pressure ultrasound), X-ray 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
6 
beam energy, microwave energy, or “any other energy type which can 
achieve a reversible poration of the target cell walls.” Id. at 5:37–55. 
D. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1, 2, 5, 8–10, 12, and 14. Representative 
independent claim 1 is reproduced below. 
1. Apparatus for treatment of a nasal condition by altering 
function of a nasopharyngeal passage of a patient, the apparatus 
comprising: 
a hand-held elongate body having proximal and distal 
portions, the distal portion being configured for positioning in 
a nasopharyngeal passage of a patient with the proximal 
portion positioned outside the nasopharyngeal passage; 
an energy transmission element in the distal portion 
configured to deliver energy to target tissue in the 
nasopharyngeal passage; and 
an energy source operatively coupled to the energy 
transmission element for supplying energy thereto according 
to one or more parameters selected so as to alter 
nasopharyngeal cells in the target tissue such that nasal 
congestion is reduced. 
Ex. 1001, 27:40–55. 
E. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following: 
Ex. 1003, Saadat, US 10,307,200 Β2, issued June 4, 2019 
(“Saadat”); 
Ex. 1004, Deem et al., US 2008/0021369 A1, published 
January 24, 2008 (“Deem”); 
Ex. 1005, Makower et al., US 2005/0240147 A1, published 
October 27, 2005 (“Makower”); 
Ex. 1006, Fang and Zhen, Nasal endoscopy combined with 
multiple radiofrequency for perennial allergic rhinitis, 25(7) J. 
First Mil. Med. Univ. 876–77 (2005) (“Fang”); and 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
7 
Ex. 1008, Edwards, US 6,517,535 B2, issued February 11, 2003 
(“Edwards”). 
Petitioner also relies on declaration testimony from Dr. Nicolas 
Bu-Saba (Exs. 1002 and 1098) in support of its challenges. Patent Owner 
relies on declaration testimony from Dr. Howard L. Levine (Ex. 2003) and 
Dr. Marom Bikson (Ex. 2005). 
Deposition testimony of the above declarants is also of record. 
Exs. 2002 and 2009 (Bu-Saba transcripts); Ex. 1089 (Levine transcript); 
Ex. 1091 (Bikson transcript). 
F. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 5, 8–10, 12, and 14 would have 
been unpatentable on the following grounds: 
Ground Claim(s) Challenged 35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1, 2, 5, 8–10, 12, 14 
102 
Saadat 
2 
12, 14 
103 
Saadat 
3 
1, 2, 5, 8–10, 12, 14 
102 
Deem 
4 
1, 2, 5, 8–10, 12, 14 
103 
Makower, Fang, Edwards 
 
III. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3)). 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the differences 
between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed 
invention as a whole would have been obvious at the time the invention was 
made to a person having ordinary skill in the relevant art. KSR Int’l Co. v. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
8 
Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is 
resolved on the basis of underlying factual determinations including: (1) the 
scope and content of the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed 
subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and 
(4) secondary considerations (i.e., objective indicia) of nonobviousness, 
when presented.2 Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
“An obviousness determination [also] requires finding both that a skilled 
artisan would have been motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art 
references to achieve the claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so.” CRFD 
Rsch., Inc. v. Matal, 876 F.3d 1330, 1340 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (internal 
quotation marks and citation omitted). 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, various factors 
may be considered, including the “type of problems encountered in the art; 
prior art solutions to those problems; rapidity with which innovations are 
made; sophistication of the technology; and educational level of active 
workers in the field.” In re GPAC, Inc., 57 F.3d 1573, 1579 (Fed. Cir. 
1995). The prior art itself can also reflect the appropriate level of ordinary 
skill in the art. Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001). 
Petitioner proposes that the person of ordinary skill in the art 
(“POSA”) at all relevant times (between the years 2005 through 2019) 
would have had: 
(1) a Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) or at least a bachelor of science 
degree in engineering or a related discipline and (2) at least three 
 
2 The parties did not present argument or evidence in this case related to 
objective indicia of nonobviousness. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
9 
years of experience in the clinical use, design, development, 
and/or testing of medical devices, including medical devices that 
deliver energy to tissue. Less work experience may be 
compensated by a higher level of education, and vice versa. 
Pet. 18–19 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 26–30). 
Patent Owner disagrees with Petitioner’s definition of the POSA’s 
qualifications. PO Resp. 18–20. Patent Owner contends that “Petitioners’ 
definition allows for a person with no knowledge of nasal anatomy to opine 
on issues in this proceeding.” Id. at 19. Patent Owner contends that a POSA 
“must have knowledge of the nasopharyngeal passage given the scope of the 
claims.” Id. Patent Owner further contends that Petitioner’s definition is 
“improper” because, under that definition, the POSA could be an M.D. with 
clinical experience using relevant medical devices, but no specific “medical 
device design or development experience.” Id. at 19–20 (citing Ex. 2003 
¶ 37). 
Patent Owner alternatively proposes that a POSA should be defined as 
a person having: 
(1) a Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) or at least a Bachelor of Science 
degree in engineering or a related discipline and 
(2) at least three years of experience in the design and 
development of nasal medical devices, including nasal medical 
devices that deliver energy to tissue. 
Id. at 19–20 (citing Ex. 2003 ¶ 38) (emphasis omitted). 
Finally, Patent Owner contends that the testimony of Petitioner’s 
expert should be given “little weight” because Dr. Bu-Saba does not have 
device design/development experience. PO Resp. 19 n.4 (citing Ex. 2002, 
43:20–45:11). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
10 
In response, Petitioner contends that Dr. Bu-Saba qualifies as a POSA 
and that his testimony should be credited on the issues in dispute in this case. 
Pet. Reply 27–29. 
Petitioner argues, for example, that Dr. Bu-Saba is a clinician, nasal 
cavity/nasopharynx anatomy expert, and that his “testimony is supported by 
his extensive clinical expertise.” Pet. Reply 27 (citing Ex. 1089 (Levine 
Tr.), 170:21–171:2 (recognizing Dr. Bu-Saba’s experience with RF ablation 
procedures and conceding Dr. Bu-Saba is an expert on the anatomy of the 
nasal cavity and nasopharynx)). Petitioner also argues that Patent Owner’s 
definition is flawed insofar as it limits the POSA to one having design or 
development experience, which Petitioner contends is not required. Id. at 
28–29. In support, Petitioner argues, inter alia, that: 1) the challenged 
claims relate to delivering RF energy with generic (not specialized) 
components (id. at 28 (citing Ex. 1001, 27:43–28:47)); 2) “[c]linicians used 
RF devices safely and effectively in the nose, including using ‘factory 
settings’” (id. (citing Ex. 1001, 16:42–49, 18:5–10, 18:24–36)); 3) clinicians 
understood and carried out safe and effective RF device operation through, 
e.g., clinical use and testing (id. at 29 (citing Ex. 1089, 62:7–63:11 
(Dr. Levine admitting safe and effective operation is learned through clinical 
use and instructions)); and 4) clinicians need not have developed a device to 
“see another place it could be used” (id. (quoting Ex. 1089, 124:19–
125:13)). 
To further support its contentions, Petitioner points out, inter alia, 
that: 1) “[t]he ’011 patent discusses ‘delivering neurotoxins’ in ‘any . . . 
target region,’” not just the nose, and “identifies no purportedly challenging 
nasal anatomy” (Pet. Reply 30 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1001, 2:23–67, 5:3–17, 
4:59–63, 8:10–34, claim 1)); 2) “[p]rior-art problems and solutions were 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
11 
addressed with ‘factory setting’ generic RF devices” (e.g., Ex. 1006, 876–
77), and “devices for multiple locations” (e.g., Ex. 1005 ¶ 43 (ear, nose, 
throat); Ex. 1009, 1:15-23) (Pet. Reply 32); 3) “[t]he named inventors are 
engineers, and [Patent Owner] offers no evidence either had prior nasal 
experience” to support its position (id. at 31); and 4) “Dr. Levine confirmed 
biomedical engineers ‘take in information from clinicians’ to create devices” 
(id. (citing Ex. 1089, 202:6–203:2 (Dr. Levine agreeing that “it’s the job of a 
biomedical engineer, working on a medical device, to take in information 
from clinicians to create better tools.”))). 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner reiterates its disagreement with 
Petitioner’s POSA definition, arguing that definition would allow “an 
engineer without any RF or nose experience to assess and apply the prior 
art.” PO Sur-Reply 24–25. 
Based on the record before us, including the types of problems and 
solutions described in the ’011 patent and the cited prior art, we find a POSA 
would have had (1) a Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) or at least a bachelor of 
science degree in biomedical engineering or a related discipline, (2) at least 
three years of experience in the clinical use, design, development, and/or 
testing of medical devices that deliver energy to tissue, and 3) knowledge 
and experience in treating nasal conditions, or access to a person with that 
knowledge and experience. Less work experience may be compensated by a 
higher level of education, and vice versa. 
In reaching our finding, we note that, although we agree with 
Petitioner that the ’011 patent discloses delivering neurotoxins to any target, 
and not just the nose, the claims of the ’011 patent are directed to methods of 
treating a nasal condition by delivering energy to the nasal cavity. Pet. 
Reply 30. Thus, to fill a gap between Petitioner’s POSA definition and the 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
12 
scope of the challenged claims, we add to Petitioner’s definition the 
requirement for knowledge and experience in treating nasal conditions, or 
access to a person with that knowledge and experience. We additionally add 
that a POSA’s educational background may include a bachelor of science 
degree in biomedical engineering or related discipline to reflect the nature of 
the field of invention. Nonetheless, we also note that our analysis and 
conclusions herein would not change even under Petitioner’s proposed skill 
level for a POSA. 
We do not agree with Patent Owner that prior experience designing or 
developing nasal medical devices is required for a POSA. PO Resp. 19–20. 
A definition inclusive of the clinical use, design, development, and/or testing 
of nasal medical devices that deliver energy to tissue is consistent with the 
skill level reflected in the disclosures of the ’011 patent and prior art. 
Consequently, we disagree with Patent Owner that Dr. Bu-Saba fails to 
qualify as a POSA because he lacks experience specific to designing medical 
devices. PO Resp. 19 n.4. Accordingly, we do not agree with Patent Owner 
that we should discount the testimony of Dr. Bu-Saba and we give Dr. 
Bu-Saba’s testimony appropriate weight in reaching our conclusions here. 
C. Claim Construction 
In inter partes review, we construe claims using the same claim 
construction standard used to construe claims in a civil action before the 
courts under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b), including construing claims’ language in 
accordance with its ordinary and customary meaning as understood by the 
POSA, in view of the patent’s specification and considering the patent’s 
prosecution history. 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). We need only construe terms 
that are in controversy and only to the extent needed to resolve the dispute. 
Realtime Data, LLC v. Iancu, 912 F.3d 1368, 1375 (Fed. Cir. 2019); U.S. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
13 
Surgical Corp. v. Ethicon, Inc., 103 F.3d 1554, 1568 (Fed. Cir. 1997) 
(holding claim construction is for “resolution of disputed meanings”). 
Petitioner contends that, “[f]or purposes of this IPR, the Board need 
not construe any terms.” Pet. 18. Patent Owner responds that “the Board 
need not construe any terms to determine Petitioners have failed to carry 
their burden in this proceeding.” PO Resp. 20. 
On the record before us, we conclude that the claims need not be 
expressly construed to resolve the dispute before us. Insofar as the parties 
dispute the mapping of the prior art to dependent claim 9, we address that 
dispute below including, to the extent necessary, any implicit disagreement 
about the subject matter encompassed by claim 9. 
D. Effective Filing Date of the Challenged Claims 
The parties dispute whether the challenged claims are entitled to 
priority earlier than October 22, 2019, and relatedly, whether Saadat and 
Deem qualify as prior art. Pet. 19–27 (arguing, inter alia, breaks in the 
priority chain among the ancestral applications to which the ’011 patent 
purports to claim priority, and the challenged claims lack written description 
support in any application filed before October 22, 2019); PO Resp. 20–31 
(arguing the patent includes an unbroken priority claim to July 21, 2006, and 
the intervening applications provide descriptive support for the claims). 
The ’011 patent includes a long and somewhat complex priority chain. 
See Inst. Dec. 10–11 (discussing and depicting the asserted priority chain). 
And the parties’ priority arguments involve hotly-contested legal and factual 
issues. See, e.g., Pet. 24–25 (e.g., whether Patent Owner can rely on a non-
provisional application’s “nested” incorporation of subject matter from a 
provisional application, contrary to 37 C.F.R. § 1.57(d)); PO Resp. 23–25 
(arguing the priority applications show possession “of the use of energy 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
14 
alone” to treat nasal conditions and reduce congestion); Pet. Reply 3–8 
(arguing that, although the claims “recite energy-only treatment,” the 
priority applications “do[] not describe treatment absent toxin”—instead 
they provide written description support only for an apparatus/method that 
provides treatment through combined delivery of energy and toxin)). 
We need not decide these disputed priority issues to resolve the 
controversy in this case. Even if there were no insurmountable legal or 
factual barrier to the claims receiving a priority date of July 21, 2006 (as 
argued by Patent Owner), that would still leave Ground 4. Pet. Reply 10 
(“Ground IV renders the Challenged Claims obvious at any priority date”). 
And, as we explain below, we determine that the preponderance of the 
evidence shows that all the challenged claims are unpatentable under 
Ground 4. 
E. Asserted References 
Saadat and Deem form the basis of Petitioner’s assertions in Grounds 
1–3. Whether Saadat or Deem qualify as prior art turns on whether the 
challenged claims are entitled to claim priority no earlier than October 22, 
2019. But, because we do not decide that priority issue in this Decision and 
do not reach the Grounds that rely on Saadat or Deem (Grounds 1–3), we 
omit summaries of Saadat and Deem below. 
As it concerns Ground 4, there is no dispute that Makower, Fang, and 
Edwards are prior art against the challenged claims. Those references are 
summarized below. 
1. Makower (Ex. 1005) 
Makower is a U.S. patent application that published October 27, 2005. 
Ex. 1005, code (43). 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
15 
Makower is titled “Devices, Systems and Methods for Diagnosing and 
Treating Sinusitus [sic] and Other Disorders of the Ears, Nose and/or 
Throat.” Id. at code (54). Makower “relates generally to medical devices 
and methods and more particularly to minimally invasive, catheter based 
devices, systems and methods for treating sinusitis and other ear, nose & 
throat disorders.” Id. ¶ 1. Makower states that “[t]he term ‘sinusitis’ refers 
generally to any inflammation or infection of the paranasal sinuses.” Id. ¶ 8. 
Makower explains that “[t]he sinuses consist of a series of cavities 
connected by passageways, ultimately opening into the nasal cavity.” 
Ex. 1005 ¶ 16. The “passageways and cavities are formed by bone, but 
covered in mucosa.” Id. Makower reports that “[i]f the mucosa of one of 
these passageways becomes inflamed for any reason, the cavities which 
drain through that passageway can become blocked” such that “the primary 
target for sinus therapy is the passageway, with the primary goal to regain 
drainage.” Id. According to Makower, “focus on the passageway and the 
use of flexible instrumentation suggests an entirely new approach to sinus 
intervention: one utilizing flexible catheters and guidance tools, with 
passageway and cavity modifying devices capable of being delivered with 
minimal damage to the surrounding tissues.” Id. 
One such intervention is surgery to reduce the size of the inferior 
turbinates and the associated mucosa or soft tissue. Makower explains that 
[s]urgery to reduce the size of the inferior turbinates can 
be 
accomplished 
with 
endoscopic 
visualization 
(with 
magnification where desired) and is typically performed with the 
patient under general anesthesia. An incision is typically made 
in the mucosa that lines the turbinate to expose the underlying 
bone. Some quantity of the underlying bone may then be 
removed. If selective removal of some of the mucosa or soft 
tissue is also desired, such soft tissue can be debulked or removed 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
16 
through by traditional surgical cutting or by the use of other 
tissue ablation or debulking apparatus such as microdebriders or 
lasers. Less frequently, chronically enlarged inferior turbinates 
have been treated by cryotherapy. It is typically desirable to 
remove only as much tissue as necessary to restore normal 
breathing and drainage, as removal of too much tissue from the 
turbinates can impair the ability of the turbinates to perform their 
physiological functions of warming and humidifying inspired air 
and conserving warmth and moisture from expired air. 
Ex. 1005 ¶ 30. 
Another example of an intervention disclosed in Makower is laser or 
radiofrequency turbinate reduction. According to Makower, “[i]n cases 
where it is not necessary to revise the bone that underlies the turbinate, the 
surgeon may elect to perform a laser or radiofrequency procedure designed 
to create a coagulative lesion in (or on) the turbinate, which in turn causes 
the soft tissue of the turbinate to shrink.” Id. ¶ 39. Makower discloses that 
“[o]ne example of a radio frequency procedure that may be used to shrink 
enlarged inferior turbinates is radiofrequency volumetric tissue reduction 
(RFVTR) using the Somnoplasty® system (Somnus Medical Technologies, 
Sunnyvale, Calif.)” which “includes a radio frequency generator attached to 
a probe.” Id. ¶ 40. Makower explains that 
[t]he probe is inserted through the mucosa into the underlying 
soft tissue of the turbinate, usually under direct visualization. 
Radiofrequency energy is then delivered to heat the submucosal 
tissue around the probe, thereby creating a submucosal 
coagulative lesion while allowing the mucosa to remain intact. 
As the coagulative lesion heals, the submucosal tissue shrinks 
thereby reducing the overall size of the turbinate. 
Id. 
Makower provides “methods wherein one or more flexible catheters 
or other flexible elongate devices as described herein are inserted [into] the 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
17 
nose, nasopharynx, paranasal sinus, middle ear or associated anatomical 
passageways to perform an interventional or surgical procedure.” Ex. 1005 
¶ 43. Makower discloses that its 
invention provides a variety of apparatus that may be inserted 
into the nasal cavity, paranasal sinus, nasopharynx or middle ear 
to perform diagnostic or therapeutic procedures. These devices 
may be delivered through or incorporated into flexible catheters 
or flexible rod-like shafts. Such flexible construction allows 
these devices to be delivered and positioned to perform the 
desired diagnostic or therapeutic procedures with minimal 
trauma to other tissues, as can result from the insertion of rigid 
scopes and rigid instruments in accordance with the 
methodology of the prior art. 
Id. ¶ 161. 
An example of a tissue shrinking electrode device being used in 
accordance with Makower’s invention is shown in Figure 5H, reproduced 
below. 
 
Figure 5H depicts “an electrosurgical device 208 comprising a flexible shaft 
210 (e.g., a catheter or solid shaft) having arched strut members 214 attached 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
18 
thereto.” Ex. 1005 ¶ 187 (emphasis omitted). The strut members 214 may 
be of fixed configuration or collapsible and expandable, and include 
electrodes 216 that “may be bipolar, monopolar or facilitated by any other 
suitable form of energy such as a gas or plasma arc.” Id. Makower 
discloses that “sensing elements may also be attached to the catheter and/or 
strut members to monitor various parameters of the catheter and/or 
surrounding tissue (e.g., temperature, etc.).” Id. According to Makower, 
“[i]n operation, the device 208 is advanced into a passageway such as a 
nostril, nasal cavity, meatus, ostium, interior of a sinus, etc. Thereafter, 
current is applied to the electrodes 216 causing tissue adjacent to the struts 
214 to be cauterized or heated.” Id. (emphasis omitted). 
2. Fang (Ex. 1006) 
Fang is an article titled “Nasal endoscopy combined with multiple 
radiofrequency for perennial allergic rhinitis.” Ex. 1006, 876.3 Fang 
discusses the results of a study “[t]o evaluate the therapeutic effects of nasal 
endoscopic surgery combined with multiple radiofrequency in the treatment 
of perennial allergic rhinitis.” Id. According to Fang, “[s]ixty-three patients 
with perennial allergic rhinitis whose symptoms failed to be controlled by 
medication received nasal endoscopic surgery for submucous resection of 
the nasal septum combined with radiofrequency ablation of the bilateral 
sphenopalatine foramen, anterior ethmoidal nerve, and inferior nasal 
concha.” Id. “[A]nother 20 patients with the same disease who underwent 
 
3 Fang is a Chinese to English translation of the original article; Petitioner 
submits a declaration (Ex. 1073) attesting to the translation’s accuracy, and 
testimony from June Munford (Ex. 1070 ¶¶ 39–56) on the article’s public 
availability by at least July 20, 2005. Patent Owner does not challenge the 
accuracy of this translation or the publication date of Fang. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
19 
nasal septum surgery alone were selected as the control group.” Id. After 
the surgeries, “efficacy was evaluated according to the evaluation criteria for 
allergic rhinitis” (id.), and “[a]ll the patients were followed up for 2 years, 
and no antihistamines or corticosteroids were used for treatment during the 
observation period” (id. at 877). 
Fang reports that 
[a]t 1 month after operation, the rate of excellent recovery was 
92.1% (58/63), the efficacy rate was 7.9% (5/63), and the total 
efficacy rate was 100%. At 1 year after operation, the rate of 
excellent recovery was 88.9% (56/63), the efficacy rate was 7.9% 
(5/63), the rate of no efficacy was 3.2% (2/63), and the total 
efficacy rate was 96.8% (61/63). At 2 years after operation, the 
rate of excellent recovery was 82.6% (52/63), the efficacy rate 
was 12.7% (8/63), the rate of no efficacy was 4.8% (3/63), and 
the total efficacy rate was 95.2% (60/63). Compared with 
patients in the control group who underwent only nasal 
endoscopic surgery for submucous resection of the nasal septum, 
the total efficacy rate (P < 0.01 for excellent recovery + Efficacy) 
at 1 and 2 years after the surgery was significantly improved, 
with statistical significance. 
Ex. 1006, 876. 
According to Fang, 
[t]he use of radiofrequency technique completely blocks the 
parasympathetic pathway of the nasal mucosa, reduces the 
vascular tension, reduces glandular secretion, and thus achieves 
the therapeutic purposes. Pterygoid canal neurotomy alone 
or/and anterior ethmoidal neurotomy or inferior turbinate 
treatment preserves 1-2 parasympathetic pathways in the source 
and distribution of parasympathetic nerves in the nasal mucosa. 
However, due to the presence of allergic reaction arcs, the 
postoperative effect is poor and the recurrence rate is high. For 
the patients in this group, all the nasal mucosal parasympathetic 
pathways, including the posterior ganglionic fibers of the 
sphenopalatine nerve, the parasympathetic fibers of the anterior 
ethmoidal nerve, and the cholinergic ganglia within the inferior 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
20 
turbinate mucosa were blocked. The allergic reflex arc was 
completely relieved, thus achieving stable and reliable results. 
Id. at 877. 
3. Edwards (Ex. 1008) 
Edwards is a U.S. Patent that issued on February 11, 2003. Ex. 1008, 
code (45). Edwards teaches an apparatus for ablating a nasal concha. Id. at 
Abstr., 1:22–26 (describing a method and apparatus for reducing the volume 
of turbinates to reduce nasal airway obstruction). Edwards discloses that the 
apparatus may comprise a catheter body and energy delivery device, and 
further that an energy source supplies energy, “preferably RF energy which 
ablates the turbinate by heat and cell destruction.” Id. at 8:17–25, 8:47–9:13 
(describing an RF signal generator for generating pulsed RF energy and a 
processor for controlling said generator), Fig. 6. 
F. Ground 4: Asserted Obviousness over Makower, Fang, and Edwards 
Petitioner contends that claims 1, 2, 5, 8–10, 12, and 14 would have 
been obvious over the combination of Makower, Fang, and Edwards. Pet. 
64–92. Petitioner reasons, inter alia, that a person of ordinary skill would 
have been motivated to combine the cited references “to apply Fang’s 
method (disrupting neural activity using ablation) with Makower’s device 
(electrosurgical device for the nasopharynx) to treat rhinitis.” Id. at 77–78; 
see also id. at 73–74 and 82–92 (citing reasons to use an RF generator (like 
described in Edwards) and electrode arrangements for ablation procedures 
known in the art). 
Patent Owner argues there was no reason to combine the teachings of 
Makower, Fang, and Edwards, nor a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so to arrive at the claimed subject matter. PO Resp. 31–65. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
21 
We discuss the parties’ arguments and evidence in more detail below, 
beginning with independent claim 1, then proceed to the remaining claims 
challenged under Ground 4. 
1. Claim 1 
a) Disclosure of Claim 1’s Limitations 
Petitioner contends that the combination of Makower, Fang, and 
Edwards teaches or suggests all of claim 1’s limitations. Pet. 64–76. 
According to Petitioner, Makower and Fang together teach an apparatus for 
treating rhinitis in a nasopharyngeal passage,4 meeting claim 1’s preamble 
(if that preamble language is limiting).5 Petitioner cites, for example, 
Makower’s disclosure of “medical devices . . . for treating sinusitis . . ., [and 
other] nose & throat disorders.” Pet. 65 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 1, 43, 161, 187, 
claim 1; Ex. 1002 ¶ 152). Petitioner cites Makower’s disclosure of flexible 
catheters and working devices for insertion into the nose to perform 
interventional or surgical procedures (Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 43, 161), including, for 
example, electrosurgical treatment devices. Pet. 67–68 (citing Ex. 1005, 
Fig. 5H, ¶¶ 164, 187); Ex. 1002 ¶ 155). According to Petitioner, “Makower 
Figure 5H . . . teaches an electrosurgical device with electrodes on strut 
members 214 contacting surrounding tissue in the nasopharynx.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 164 (devices may include “radiofrequency electrodes”), 187 
(disclosing “current is applied to the electrodes 216 causing tissue adjacent 
to the struts 214 to be cauterized or heated”)). 
 
4 The nasopharyngeal passage includes the nasal cavity and nasopharynx. 
Ex. 1001, 23:66–24:6; see also id. Figures 18–19, 10:64–65. 
5 We need not decide whether the preamble language is limiting because 
there is no dispute that this subject matter is taught in the asserted art. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
22 
Turning to Fang, Petitioner contends that Fang teaches “performing 
nasal endoscopic surgery combined with multiple radiofrequency” ablation 
to treat “perennial allergic rhinitis.” Id. at 66 (citing Ex. 1006, 876–877; 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 155). Petitioner cites Fang’s teaching that “radiofrequency 
ablation of [the] sphenopalatine foramen . . . block[s] the posterior 
parasympathetic fibers of the sphenopalatine nerve . . . [and] completely 
blocks the parasympathetic pathway of the nasal mucosa,” which “reduces 
glandular secretion, and thus achieves the therapeutic purposes.” Ex. 1006, 
877; Pet. 66–67 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 155–156); see also Pet. 69 (noting the 
sphenopalatine foramen (SPF) is located in the posterior nasal cavity)6; 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 157–158. 
Petitioner contends that Makower and Fang disclose an apparatus with 
an elongate body, a proximal portion, and a distal portion configured for 
positioning in the nasopharyngeal passage as recited in claim 1. Pet. 70–72 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 161, 164, 187 (device “is advanced into a 
passageway such as a nostril, nasal cavity, meatus, ostium, interior of a 
sinus, etc.”), Fig. 5H); see also Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 133–135, Fig. 2A (occluder 
access device for positioning distal portion of flexible shaft in the nasal 
cavity); Ex. 1006, 876–877 (teaching a “radiofrequency therapy instrument” 
with distal “firing head” that a physician aligns with the SPF in nasal 
cavity); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 160–165. 
Further, Petitioner contends, Makower teaches multiple RF electrodes 
coupled with the distal portion of the elongate body as recited in claim 1. 
 
6 Doctors Bu-Saba and Levine provide further technical background about 
the relevant anatomy of the nasal cavity, including the SPF and nerves that 
control mucus producing cells and the relation of the same to rhinitis and its 
symptoms. See, e.g., Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 31–33; Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 41–43. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
23 
Pet. 73–74. According to Petitioner, Makower teaches an electrosurgical 
device that may include multiple bipolar or monopolar electrodes that apply 
current to “tissue adjacent to the struts . . . to be cauterized or heated.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1005 ¶ 187, Fig. 5H). As Dr. Bu-Saba explains, Makower 
teaches the well-known concept of treating tissue using bipolar electrodes to 
administer RF energy through electrical current. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 166–167. 
Claim 1 also recites “an energy source operatively coupled to the 
energy transmission element for supplying energy thereto according to one 
or more parameters selected so as to alter nasopharyngeal cells in the target 
tissue such that nasal congestion is reduced.” See supra Section II.D. As 
discussed above, Petitioner argues that Makower and Fang disclose delivery 
of RF energy to the nasal cavity via electrodes to ablate tissues and treat 
nasal conditions, including rhinitis. Pet. 73 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 1, 43, 
161, 187, Fig. 5H, claim 1; Ex. 1006, 876–877; Ex. 1002 ¶ 169). Petitioner 
asserts that delivering RF energy via an RF generator to ablate tissues in the 
nasal cavity was well-known, as evidenced by Edwards. Id. at 74–75 (citing 
Ex. 1008, 7:28–36 (“apparatus for ablating a nasal concha” (e.g., turbinate) 
using “energy delivery device . . . for delivering ablative energy”), 8:17–25 
(energy delivered via one or more “ring electrodes 156 disposed on the 
surface of the expandable member”), 8:47–60 (“The energy used is 
preferably RF energy which ablates the turbinate by heat and cell 
destruction” and uses “energy source 162” and “signal generator” [(i.e., RF 
generator)]) to supply said energy)). Even if Makower or Fang do not 
expressly disclose a “radiofrequency generator,” Petitioner argues an RF 
generator is taught in Edwards and would have been obvious to use in the 
combination of Makower and Fang. Pet. 75–76; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 173–176. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
24 
Based on the argument and evidence summarized above, Petitioner 
persuades us that the combination of Makower, Fang, and Edwards teaches 
or suggests all of claim 1’s limitations. Patent Owner provides no argument 
to the contrary. See Pet. Reply 10 (“PO does not dispute Makower, Fang, 
and Edwards . . . teach all claim elements”). Patent Owner instead argues 
that Petitioner has set forth no adequate “motivation to combine Makower 
and Fang” and “the combination fails to establish a reasonable expectation 
of successfully achieving” the invention. PO Resp. 31–32 (citing Ex. 2003 
¶¶ 86–98; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 57–72); see generally id. at 32–46 (counterargument 
on reasonable expectation of success), 46–65 (counterargument on 
motivation to combine); PO Sur-Reply 11–22. We address the disputed 
motivation and reasonable expectation of success issues below. 
b) Motivation to Combine & Reasonable Expectation of Success 
Petitioner contends that the skilled artisan would have been motivated 
to combine the teachings of Makower, Fang, and Edwards and done so with 
a reasonable expectation of success in arriving at the apparatus of claim 1. 
Pet. 77–85; Pet. Reply 10–23. We summarize Petitioner’s position and 
evidence below. 
Petitioner contends that Makower and Fang7 are analogous art to the 
challenged claims. Pet. 77 (arguing Makower and Fang “are in the same 
field” and are “reasonably pertinent” to solving problems addressed by the 
claimed invention); Ex. 1002 ¶ 178. According to Petitioner, Makower and 
 
7 Petitioner argues a POSA had reasons for combining Edwards with 
Makower and Fang with a reasonable expectation of success (see, e.g., Pet. 
74–76, 81–85). We find persuasive Petitioner’s reasoning and evidence on 
the addition of Edwards, and Patent Owner provides no rebuttal about 
Edwards. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
25 
Fang teach that their devices treat disorders of the nasal cavity by applying 
energy to tissue and “each uses RF energy to treat tissue.” Pet. 77 (citing, 
e.g., Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 1, 43, 132, 164, 187; Ex. 1006, 876–877). 
Petitioner contends that a skilled artisan would have been motivated to 
use Makower’s electrosurgical device to apply RF ablation energy to regions 
of the nasal cavity to disrupt neural activity and treat rhinitis as disclosed in 
Fang. Pet. 77–78 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 179). According to Petitioner and its 
declarant Dr. Bu-Saba, a skilled artisan “would have understood from Fang 
that Makower’s electrodes, like the similar RF device in Fang, would treat 
nasal disorders by disrupting neural activity in the same way as Fang, by 
heating parasympathetic nerves downstream of the SPG and Vidian nerve, 
thereby inhibiting their signaling of mucus-producing goblet cells.” Id. at 
78; Ex. 1002 ¶ 179 (testifying “Makower’s device would not require any 
modifications to achieve this result because Makower specifically teaches 
that its device applies energy to the nasal cavity and nasopharynx using 
electrodes, the same mechanism as Fang”). 
According to Petitioner, a POSA “would have been motivated to 
combine Fang’s teachings regarding the known outcome of application of 
RF therapy with Makower’s device.” Pet. 81. Petitioner contends Makower 
discloses that, by positioning strut members and RF electrodes in the nasal 
cavity, RF energy may be applied to heat/cauterize nasal tissues adjacent the 
electrodes and treat nasal disorders. Pet. 82 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 43, 
132, 161, 164, 187, claim 1). Also, Petitioner contends, Fang explains that 
“[n]umerous studies [had] shown that the parasympathetic nerves in the 
nasal cavity . . . regulate the vascular dilation and contraction of the nasal 
mucus membrane and the secretion of glands.” Id. at 79 (citing Ex. 1006, 
877). Thus, Petitioner argues, “Fang teaches the well-known fact that the 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
26 
parasympathetic nerves regulate mucus production”—providing a reason to 
target those nerves for ablation with Makower’s RF-electrosurgical device to 
reduce mucus secretions and treat rhinitis as taught in Fang (and as known 
elsewhere in the prior art). Id. at 79 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1006, 877; Ex. 1044,8 
240–241 (teaching RF thermocoagulation of parasympathetic nerves in the 
nasal cavity reduces symptoms of rhinitis)); Ex. 1051,9 284; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 183 
(testifying it was “well-known to those skilled in the art that disrupting the 
Vidian nerve, SPG, or associated parasympathetic nerve branches would 
reduce the symptoms of rhinitis, i.e., mucus production, mucus secretion, 
and congestion” (citing Fang, Chen, and other studies in the technical 
literature as of 2005)). 
Petitioner argues that the POSA would have reasonably expected 
success in combining the asserted prior art. Pet. 83–85. According to 
Petitioner, a POSA “would have reasonably expected Makower’s 
electrosurgical device to obtain Fang’s clinical result” because “Fang and 
others taught [that] applying RF energy to . . . sphenopalatine nerves treats 
rhinitis.” Id. at 83–84 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1044 (Chen), 239). As highlighted 
 
8 Chen, et al., Preliminary study on radiofrequency thermocoagulation of the 
posterior inferior nerve, anterior ethmoidal nerve, and inferior turbinate 
under nasal endoscopy for the treatment of perennial allergic rhinitis, 11:3 
CHINA JOURNAL OF ENDOSCOPY 239–243 (Mar. 2005) (Ex. 1044, “Chen”). 
Petitioner also provides as evidence an uncontested translator’s declaration 
for the Chen reference. Ex. 1071. 
9 Robert E. Windsor, MD, and Scott Jahnke, DO, Sphenopalatine Ganglion 
Blockade: A Review and Proposed Modification of the Transnasal 
Technique, 7:2 PAIN PHYSICIAN 283–286 (2004) (Ex. 1051, “Windsor”). 
Windsor teaches, inter alia, that “[p]ost-ganglionic parasympathetic neurons 
from this ganglion [(the SPG)] then distribute to the lacrimal glands and 
glands of the nasal cavity . . . where they promote secretion”). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
27 
by Petitioner, “Chen explained ‘parasympathetic nerves in the nasal cavity 
mainly originate from the sphenopalatine nerves,’ and applying RF energy to 
them ‘block[s] the source of the parasympathetic nerves in the nasal cavity 
and reduce[s] the excitability of the parasympathetic nerves’ to disrupt 
rhinitis symptoms.” Id. at 83 (quoting Ex. 1044, 240–241); see also 
Ex. 1006 (Fang), 876–877 (concluding that “[n]asal endoscope combined 
with radio frequency [ablation of parasympathetic nerves in the nasal cavity] 
may achieve good therapeutic effects on perennial allergic rhinitis with less 
adverse effects”).10 Petitioner further contends that both Makower and Fang 
are directed to treating nasal conditions with RF energy-delivery devices, 
and thus, a POSA “would have had a reasonable expectation of successfully 
using Makower’s known RF device according to a known method to reach 
the predictable result taught in Fang (and Chen).” Pet. 83–84 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 188–190).11 
 
10 As discussed in more detail above (Section III.E.2), Fang describes a 
study on 63 patients with perennial allergic rhinitis (PAR) who received a 
resection of the nasal septum “combined with radiofrequency ablation of the 
bilateral sphenopalatine foramen, anterior ethmoidal nerve, and inferior 
nasal concha” versus a control group of 20 PAR patients “who underwent 
nasal septum surgery alone.” Ex. 1006, 876. Fang reports that “[c]ompared 
with patients in the control group . . ., the total efficacy rate (P < 0.01 for 
excellent recovery and efficacy) at 1 and 2 years after the surgery was 
significantly improved, with statistical significance.” Id. 
11 Petitioner further contends that Makower and Fang do not teach or suggest 
that a specialized RF energy source or connection is required to ablate nasal 
cavity tissue, that Edwards’s RF generator would have been suitable for that 
purpose, and that the challenged patent assumes that a POSA “would have 
understood the parameters required to deliver RF energy to alter tissue, as it 
simply references a generator without implementation details.” Pet. 85 
(citing Ex. 1001, 16:37–53). Patent Owner does not argue otherwise. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
28 
We find persuasive Petitioner’s above argument on the motivation to 
combine and reasonable expectation of success issues, and we credit 
Petitioner’s evidence in support of the same. We address Patent Owner’s 
counterargument below and explain why it does not rebut Petitioner’s 
challenge to claim 1. 
(1) 
Alleged Lack of Reasonable Expectation of 
Success in Treating Nasal Tissue with the 
Makower Device 
Patent Owner contends that “Petitioners’ case is defective because 
Petitioners failed to establish that Makower’s FIG. 5H device would 
reasonably be expected to properly deliver energy to target tissue to achieve 
the claimed therapeutic results.” PO Resp. 33. More specifically, Patent 
Owner argues: (1) Makower is “directed to the use of flexible catheters” not 
“RF energy delivery devices”; (2) Makower’s Figure 5H device “is entirely 
hypothetical” because the parties’ otolaryngology experts had not used such 
a device in their years of clinical practice; and (3) “the design of Makower’s 
hypothetical device is fatally defective.” Id. at 34–46. We address these 
arguments in turn. 
Patent Owner’s argument that Makower is “directed to” the use of 
flexible catheters and not “RF energy devices” is legally and factually 
flawed. PO Resp. 34–35 (arguing that “almost no detail” is provided about 
the embodiment in Fig. 5H); see also id. at 50–54 (arguing “Makower is 
directed to improved ear, nose, and throat procedures using a flexible 
catheter” compared to previous instrumentation using more rigid shafts) 
(citing Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 77–85 (testifying “Makower Is Focused On Flexible 
Catheters”)). The law requires a POSA consider all the art’s relevant 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
29 
teachings and the evidence here shows that Makower is directed to and 
teaches more than “flexible catheters.” 
Even if we accepted Patent Owner’s characterization of Makower, in 
an obviousness inquiry, the prior art’s teachings are not limited to what a 
particular reference is “directed to” or the problems the reference purports to 
solve. Belden Inc. v. Berk-Tek LLC, 805 F.3d 1064, 1076 (Fed. Cir. 2015) 
(faulting the Board’s disregard of certain disclosure in the art because “[a] 
reference must be considered for everything it teaches by way of technology 
and is not limited to the particular invention it is describing and attempting 
to protect”) (emphasis added); In re Lemelson, 397 F.2d 1006, 1009 (CCPA 
1968) (“The use of patents as references is not limited to what the patentees 
describe as their own inventions or to the problems with which they are 
concerned. They are part of the literature of the art, relevant for all they 
contain.”). And Makower undisputedly teaches an electrosurgical device of 
Figure 5H and, in related disclosures, that this device can be inserted into the 
nasal cavity to apply current to electrodes “causing tissue adjacent to the 
struts . . . to be cauterized or heated.” See, e.g., Ex. 1005, Fig. 5H, ¶ 187 
(teaching, inter alia, electrodes on the struts may be “bipolar” or 
“monopolar”); see also id. ¶ 164 (teaching devices in Figs. 5A–5Y may 
include components such as “radiofrequency electrodes” and that “designs 
and constructions of such components . . . are w[e]ll known in the art”).12 
 
12 Patent Owner’s suggestion that Makower’s Fig. 5H is the only “working 
device” that can use electrodes for RF-energy delivery is also unavailing. 
PO Resp. 54. Makower’s Figure 5B describes a catheter comprising one or 
more injectors that may be advanced into adjacent tissues in the nasal cavity 
and further that “[e]nergy, such as laser, RF, thermal or other energy may be 
delivered through these injectors” to the tissues. Ex. 1005 ¶ 167, Fig. 5B. 
Petitioner cites Makower’s 5B device in its argument for dependent claim 8. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
30 
Makower is not, in fact, directed only to flexible catheters. Indeed, as 
pointed out by Petitioner (Pet. Reply 10–11), Makower describes its “present 
invention” as including “a variety of [working] apparatus that may be 
inserted into the nasal cavity, paranasal sinus, [and] nasopharynx . . . to 
perform diagnostic or therapeutic procedures.” Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 161–162 
(disclosing “working devices (and/or the catheters used to deliver them) may 
be inserted through lumens of the occluder & access devices”); see also id. 
¶¶ 160 (heading of section on “Working Devices” for, e.g., “Ablating . . . 
Soft Tissue”), 164 (introducing “working devices” of Figs. 5A–5Y), claim 1 
(method for “diagnosing and/or treating sinusitis or another disorder 
affecting the nose” that includes “advancing at least one working device” 
through a port device to “a location within the nose, nasopharynx or 
paranasal sinus” and “using the working device to perform a diagnostic or 
therapeutic procedure”). Moreover, there is nothing incompatible about 
Makower’s flexible catheters and Makower’s working devices cited by 
Petitioner. See, e.g., Ex. 1005 ¶ 161 (“These working devices may be 
delivered through or incorporated into flexible catheters or flexible rod-like 
shafts” where such “flexible construction” allows the devices to be 
“delivered and positioned” as desired) (emphasis added); see also id. ¶ 187 
(describing the electrosurgical device of Figure 5H as “comprising a flexible 
shaft 210 (e.g., a catheter or solid shaft)”) (emphasis added); Ex. 1098 
¶¶ 75–76 (testifying a POSA “would have understood that flexible catheters 
 
Pet. 88 (“Figure 5B, positioned in the nasopharyngeal passage and used for 
RF ablation . . . that include electrodes that move out from a flexible catheter 
shaft to distal portion and become inserted in adjacent tissue.”). 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
31 
and radiofrequency devices such as Figure 5H of Makower can be used 
together”). 
Patent Owner’s contention that Makower’s Figure 5H is a 
“hypothetical” device that neither clinical expert has seen or used in practice 
fares no better in undercutting Petitioner’s obviousness challenge. PO 
Resp. 35 (citing Ex. 2002 (Bu-Saba Tr.), 303:13–18 (answering “[n]ot that I 
recall” to whether he had seen a device “[e]xactly like Figure 5H” in 
practice); Ex. 2003 ¶ 89. Makower is a published U.S. patent application; 
we presume that its teachings are enabled. Amgen Inc. v. Hoechst Marion 
Roussel, Inc., 314 F.3d 1313, 1354–1355 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (holding claimed 
and unclaimed subject matter in prior art patents is presumptively enabled); 
In re Antor Media Corp., 689 F.3d 1282, 1288 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (extending 
presumption to prior art printed publications).13 Makower expressly teaches 
that the Figure 5H electrosurgical device is usable in the nasal cavity (and 
other areas such as a meatus (spaces beneath concha), ostium (opening of a 
sinus), and the interior of a sinus, etc.) to apply current and heat/cauterize 
adjacent tissues. Ex. 1005 ¶ 187; see, e.g., Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 41–42 (describing 
internal nasal anatomy); Ex. 1064, Figs. 1–3 (same); Ex. 2001, 239–242 
 
13 Patent Owner conceded at the oral hearing that Makower is presumptively 
enabled and it did not brief whether Makower is non-enabled. Tr. 54:5–
55:9; see also Paper 39 (Patent Owner’s Demonstrative Exhibits), 60 
(describing as “False” the notion that Patent Owner was arguing 
“Inoperability” of Makower’s device; instead “the reasonable expectation of 
success standard was employed”); PO Sur-reply 16 n.9 (“Petitioner 
mischaracterizes the POR as making an inoperability argument.”). See 
Apple Inc. v. Corephotonics, Ltd., 861 F. App’x. 443, 450 (Fed. Cir. 2021) 
(“[R]egardless of the forum, prior art patents and publications enjoy a 
presumption of enablement, and the patentee/applicant has the burden to 
prove nonenablement for such prior art.”); 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
32 
(same). Patent Owner cites no authority for the proposition that the art’s 
enabled teachings are relevant in the obviousness analysis only if its 
embodiments have been commercialized or actually used by testifying 
experts. Cf. Galderma Labs., L.P. v. Tolmar, Inc., 737 F.3d 731, 737 (Fed. 
Cir. 2013) (“Nothing in the statute or our case law requires [one] to prove 
obviousness by starting with a prior art commercial embodiment and then 
providing motivation to alter that commercial embodiment”). 
Patent Owner contends that Makower’s “hypothetical” device is 
“fatally defective.” PO Resp. 35–46. This argument arises from two 
premises urged by Patent Owner. The first is that the electrodes used with 
Makower’s device are “ring electrodes, i.e., rings that wrap around the 
surface of the struts of Makower’s device” and, thus, are “configured to emit 
energy about their entire circumference.” Id. at 37–40 (citing Ex. 2003 
¶¶ 91–97; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 64–71, 76). Second, Patent Owner argues that a 
POSA “would recognize that the nasopharyngeal passage would include 
bodily fluids, such as mucus or blood, and/or saline (e.g., if the passage was 
irrigated prior to treatment)” and these “highly-conductive” fluids in the 
“hollow interior” (i.e., space between struts of Makower’s device) would 
cause ions to flow into the fluid “and not the target tissue.” Id. at 39–40 
(annotating Makower’s Fig. 5H to add fluid (colored yellow) filling the 
cavity/passage into which the device is advanced). For these reasons, Patent 
Owner contends, a POSA “would not have reasonably expected [Makower’s 
device] to ablatively treat target tissue.” Id. at 40–41; PO Sur-reply 11–15. 
Patent Owner’s argument is unavailing. First, Patent Owner’s 
interpretation of Makower is directly at odds with Makower’s express (and 
presumptively-enabled) teachings. Makower teaches, specific to Figure 5H, 
that, after the device is advanced into the nasal cavity, “current is applied to 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
33 
the electrodes 216 causing tissue adjacent to the struts 214 to be cauterized 
or heated.” Ex. 1005 ¶ 187 (emphasis added). Patent Owner’s argument 
requires we agree that Makower’s device would not work in the manner 
Makower teaches the device does work. In its Sur-reply, Patent Owner 
emphasizes that Makower itself recognizes that fluids may be present in the 
nose. PO Sur-reply 12–13 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 132, 135). Even so, it is 
telling that Makower does not identify any material impediment that such 
fluids would have to delivering energy to target tissues with its devices.14 If 
anything, the fluid disclosures of Makower cited by Patent Owner suggest 
that skilled artisans knew how to manage fluid (and remove it, if necessary) 
at the site of treatment. See, e.g., Ex. 1005 ¶ 135 (teaching that infusion and 
aspiration lumens can be used for “concurrent infusion of an irrigation fluid 
and suctioning of the irrigation or other fluid from the operative field” and 
describing the same as “useful for clearing blood or debris from the 
operative field” and to facilitate unobstructed viewing of the anatomical 
structures and placement of the working devices of Figs. 5A–5Y). 
Second, we credit the testimony of the experts that, on balance, further 
confirms that skilled clinicians knew how to manage and remove fluids to 
the extent necessary. Dr. Bu-Saba testifies that typical steps for RF ablation 
procedures (even before 2006) included positioning the patient in a seated or 
slightly reclined position to facilitate the flow of any mucus or fluids away 
 
14 Nor does Patent Owner identify any disclosure in any other technical 
literature (either before or after 2006) expressing concerns that electrolytic 
fluids at the operative site could not be managed and/or would prevent 
targeted application of RF ablation energy to tissues at that site. See, e.g., 
Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 91–97 (testifying about the hypothetical “fluid” problem, but 
identifying no independent recognition of such a problem in any 
corroborating reference); Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 66–76 (same). 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
34 
from the nasal cavity, application of topical decongestants, and “[i]n some 
circumstances,” if mucus or blood was still in the treatment area, “a 
physician would suction the mucus out of the treatment area to optimize 
visualization of the surgical site.” Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 81–89; Pet. Reply 14–15. 
Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Levine, concurs that skilled clinicians knew how 
to remove mucus and other fluids, testifying that “[i]f [mucus] was 
obstructing my view” and “[i]f it was this thick . . . I might have to 
mechanically remove it with forceps, I might have to suction it, I might have 
to irrigate the nose with a saline solution to wash out the nose.” Ex. 1089 
(Levine Tr.), 83:3–84:6 (admitting residual saline could either be swallowed 
or suctioned out); see also id. at 86:1–16 (testifying a patient may be 
positioned such that by “[v]irtue of gravity . . . fluid would fall to the 
bottom”). 
Third, Patent Owner presumes that Makower’s Figure 5H device is 
limited to a use of “ring” electrodes. PO Resp. 37–38 (arguing electrodes 
“appear” to be ring electrodes from the drawing). But Makower’s disclosure 
is not so narrow. The accompanying disclosure for Makower’s Figure 5H 
embodiment is broader—indicating that “electrodes 216” may be “bipolar, 
monopolar” or use “other suitable” energy. Ex. 1005 ¶ 187. Makower also 
directs the skilled artisan to suitable and “w[e]ll-known” components for its 
5A–5Y working devices, including “radiofrequency electrodes,” described 
in additional background references. Id. ¶ 164 (citing, e.g., “U.S. Pat. No. 
5,255,679 (Imran)” (Ex. 1068)). Imran, for example, describes a basket 
assembly ablation device that uses a plurality of surface electrodes located 
along expandable arms or struts. Ex. 1068, Fig. 1, 2:57–3:7 (describing and 
depicting electrodes 23); Pet. Reply 12–13. Altogether, we find that 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
35 
Makower’s teachings should be interpreted broadly, not narrowly, and not 
limited to “ring” electrodes as urged by Patent Owner. 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s reliance on Imran and Imran’s 
Figure 1 embodiment in the Reply is untimely and improper. PO Sur-reply 
10. We disagree. Petitioner’s reliance on Imran is fairly responsive to 
Patent Owner’s position that a POSA would interpret Makower’s teachings 
as requiring use of “ring” electrodes, and moreover, we find that there is no 
unfairness to Patent Owner because Petitioner expressly cited Imran’s Figure 
1 and related disclosure in the Petition when addressing dependent claim 9. 
Pet. 89 (citing Ex. 1068, Fig. 1, 3:2–7; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 200–202 (reproducing 
Imran’s Figure 1 as a non-limiting example of known electrode components 
“disposed on the lateral side of a strut” of an ablation treatment device and 
testifying “Makower contemplates . . . implementation of laterally disposed 
electrodes” like shown in Imran)). 
Patent Owner also points out that Imran’s ablation catheter is designed 
for chambers of the heart. PO Sur-reply 10. But this only underscores that a 
skilled artisan would recognize device components (including RF electrodes 
for ablation) have broader therapeutic uses—insofar as Makower, a 
reference ostensibly about treating sinusitis and other diseases of the ears, 
nose, and throat, directs the reader to components of Imran’s devices for 
ablating tissues in the heart. Compare Ex. 1005, Abstr., with Ex. 1068, 
Abstr; Ex. 1005 ¶ 164. Again, we find that a POSA would not interpret 
Makower’s teachings about the 5H device as requiring ring electrodes. 
Lastly, even if Makower required ring electrodes, we are unpersuaded 
that its device would be “fatally defective.” As Petitioner notes, the 
’011 patent’s Figure 5B “uses a ring electrode, is covered by the claims, and 
is operable.” Pet. 13 (citing Ex. 1089 (Levine Tr.) 195:4–196:6 (agreeing 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
36 
“Figure 5B shows ring electrodes,” is “operable … [a]ccording to this 
description” in the patent, and that the patent conveys no “challenges with 
applying energy to nasal tissue using the device in Figure 5B”); Ex. 1001, 
Fig. 5B (showing ring electrodes with an energy field distributed around the 
distal body of the device); Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 89–91. If, as urged by Patent Owner, 
mucus and other fluids preferentially draw ions away from delivery into 
adjacent tissues and into the fluid, we do not see how this same phenomenon 
would not make the patent’s Figure 5B embodiment “fatally defective,” 
contrary to Dr. Levine’s testimony or any indication of such a problem in the 
patent (much less how it is solved). Patent Owner argues the challenged 
patent is not prior art and cannot be used to make Makower’s device 
functional. PO Sur-reply 15. That is not the manner for which the patent is 
cited here. Makower teaches that its device is functional and delivers energy 
into adjacent tissues (and is presumptively enabled for the same as already 
explained). The ’011 patent is cited because it highlights an inconsistency in 
Patent Owner’s position—and suggests Patent Owner’s argument about an 
absence of functionality or operability with Makower’s device lacks merit. 
Tr. 32:25–33:21 (“Patent Owner has not explained how Figure 5B could be 
operable and covered by the claims, which they say it is, and Makower 
would not.”).15 
 
15 The lack of a “hollow interior” in the Figure 5B embodiment does not 
change our analysis. PO Sur-Reply 15. Either fluid surrounds the electrodes 
on the cavity side of the device and allegedly draws energy away from the 
tissue side of the device—or not, and energy is still applied to the tissues. If 
the supposed “fluid” issue arises at all, it would seemingly arise whether it is 
Makower’s strut(s) or Figure 5B’s catheter that contacts tissue. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
37 
Beyond the arguments addressed above, Patent Owner also questions 
whether Makower’s Figure 5H device with its allegedly “rigid” struts would 
be capable of allowing contact between the electrodes and nasal cavity 
tissues desired for targeting. PO Resp. 45–46 (arguing that, in the depiction 
of Fig. 5H, at least one of the four electrodes is not contacting tissue). This 
argument is weak and notably unsupported by any cited testimony from 
Patent Owner’s declarants. The only persuasive testimony on this issue 
comes from Dr. Bu-Saba, who consistently testifies that a POSA would have 
reasonably expected that Makower’s device could be used on the nasal 
cavity tissues targeted by Fang. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 185, 188–190; Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 99–
101 (explaining that Makower teaches its device may be used to treat tissues 
throughout the nasal cavity and nasopharynx and that the Fig. 5H depiction 
was not specific or limiting as to anatomical location). Patent Owner also 
cites no support for its suggestion that Makower’s struts are necessarily 
“rigid”—rather, the evidence suggests otherwise because Makower teaches 
the struts “may be collapsible and expandable.” Ex. 1005 ¶ 187. We also 
reject the notion that a skilled artisan could not manipulate and orient the 
device as desired such that the electrodes contact target tissues. Ex. 1005 
¶ 161 (teaching the devices may comprise flexible and/or rigid portions as 
needed “to facilitate their control and guidance to the appropriate region”). 
Patent Owner also criticizes Petitioner’s reliance on Fang. PO Resp. 
42–46. According to Patent Owner, the Board should reject Petitioner’s 
position about the alleged reasonable expectation of success because “Fang’s 
SHP-I device is an unknown quantity,” Dr. Bu-Saba had not previously used 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
38 
Fang’s device, and allegedly he could not decipher Fang’s results. Id. at 43–
45 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2002, 182:4–10).16 
We are unpersuaded. As discussed above and as explained by 
Petitioner and Dr. Bu-Saba, Makower teaches that its catheter device is 
capable of providing RF ablation energy to heat/cauterize tissues within the 
nasal cavity, and Fang, which also applies RF ablation energy, provides 
further disclosure about the nasal cavity tissues to target for ablation and 
treatment of rhinitis and the anticipated effects of doing so. Fang discloses 
sufficient device and treatment details relevant for a reasonable expectation 
of success under Petitioner’s theory. Pet. Reply 15; Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 96–98 
(testifying, inter alia, “Fang’s teachings are consistent with what was known 
in the art, and as a result, a [POSA] would have reasonably expected that 
Makower’s device would achieve Fang’s results when applying ablation 
energy to tissue in the nasal cavity or nasopharynx.”); Pet. 77–84; Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 46, 179–181, 188–190; Ex. 1006, 876–877.17 Furthermore, claim 1 is for 
an apparatus, not a method. And, in any event, the claim requires no 
specific efficacy measure or endpoint. Ex. 1098 ¶ 111 (testifying the 
“claims at issue do not require any efficacy measure or particular degree of 
efficacy, and the ’011 patent does not describe any such efficacy measures 
 
16 We discuss Patent Owner’s additional criticisms of Fang in the section 
below related to the asserted lack of reasons for combining Makower and 
Fang, consistent with Patent Owner’s ordering of its arguments. See, e.g., 
PO Resp. 46–49 (arguing, inter alia, that Fang’s results are inconclusive). 
17 Donner Tech., LLC v. Pro Stage Gear, LLC, 979 F.3d 1353, 1361 (Fed. 
Cir. 2020) (“A [POSA] might reasonably choose to consult a reference even 
if she would not understand every last detail of that reference, so long as she 
would understand the portions of the reference relevant to solving her 
problem well enough to glean useful information”). 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
39 
or requirements for treating rhinitis”); Ex. 1089 (Levine Tr.), 184:21–186:7 
(admitting the challenged patents do not define any efficacy requirements 
for the treatment of rhinitis, or for the reduction of congestion or mucus 
production); Tr. 46:12–19 (Patent Owner agreeing the claims require no 
particular efficacy degree or measure).18 Given the level of generality in the 
claims, more was not needed from Petitioner to establish a reasonable 
expectation of success in arriving at that claimed subject matter. 
For all the reasons above, we determine that the evidence supports 
Petitioner’s contention that a POSA would have reasonably expected success 
in combining the prior art to arrive at the subject matter of claim 1. 
(2) 
Alleged Absence of a Motivation to Combine 
Makower and Fang 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner failed to establish a motivation to 
combine Makower and Fang. PO Resp. 46. According to Patent Owner, a 
POSA would not have used Makower’s RF-ablation device according to 
Fang’s method of treating rhinitis with RF ablation because “Fang’s results 
were inconclusive.” Id. at 47–49. Patent Owner argues that Makower is 
“directed to improved ear, nose, and throat procedures using a flexible 
catheter,” not RF-treatment devices. Id. at 50–54. And, Patent Owner 
argues, Petitioner’s reasons for combining Makower and Fang are biased by 
hindsight. Id. at 55–65; PO Sur-reply 17–21. We address Patent Owner’s 
arguments below. 
 
18 Counsel’s statement purporting to qualify Patent Owner’s agreement “for 
purposes of written description” is not a valid qualifier. Tr. 46:12–19. The 
scope of the claims does not change depending on whether the issue is 
written description/priority or obviousness. 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
40 
(a) Fang’s “Inconclusive Study” 
At the outset, it is uncontested that Makower and Fang are analogous 
art to the ’011 patent. See Pet. 77; PO Resp. 64; PO Sur-Reply 17. 
Patent Owner argues that Fang’s study lacks clarity and Patent Owner 
characterizes Fang’s results as “inconclusive.” PO Resp. 47–50. According 
to Patent Owner, among the 63 patients in Fang’s experimental group, some 
unknown number of those patients received additional surgical treatments 
(beyond septum resection and RF ablation), thus undermining Fang’s 
“hypothesis” that RF ablation of the targeted tissues provided a beneficial 
therapeutic effect for rhinitis. Id. at 47–48 (citing Ex. 1006, 876 (disclosing 
that “uncinate process resection, sinus opening, . . . [or] nasal polyptectomy 
were performed for those who had hypertrophy of the uncinate process, 
sinusitis, … or nasal polyps”)). Patent Owner argues that “[a]ny of these 
additional procedures may have been wholly or partially responsible for the 
end results Fang’s patients reported.” Id. at 48 (citing Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 72–74). 
Patent Owner also argues that Fang itself does not expressly disclose the 
diagnostic or efficacy criteria for its study, and instead, Patent Owner points 
out that Fang directs the reader to another document (“citation [1]”) for that 
criteria, which document Petitioner did not submit with its Petition.19 Id. at 
 
19 This document (Ex. 1113 (Haikou, Attachment: Diagnostic Criteria and 
Efficacy Evaluation Criteria of Allergic Rhinitis, 33:3 CHIN. J. 
OTORHINOLARYNGOL. 134–135 (June 1998) (“Haikou”)), which Petitioner 
filed with its Reply, is the subject of Patent Owner’s pending Motion to 
Exclude. See Ex. 1114 (uncontested translator’s declaration). We 
acknowledge Patent Owner’s argument regarding the alleged absence of 
detailed diagnostic or efficacy criteria in Fang itself, but the claims require 
no specific efficacy measure or endpoint. And Petitioner does not and need 
not rely on Fang or Haikou for disclosure of criteria that are not required by 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
41 
48–49. Patent Owner suggests the purported lack of clarity and problems 
with Fang’s study design may explain why “Fang has been cited a single 
time” despite its publication over 19 years ago. Id. at 50 (citing Ex. 2008). 
Having considered Patent Owner’s argument, we agree with Petitioner 
that a POSA would not have dismissed Fang’s reported positive results. Pet. 
Reply 17–20. First, the law does not require “conclusive proof” of efficacy 
to demonstrate obviousness. Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. v. Roxane Labs., 
Inc., 903 F.3d 1310, 1333 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (“This court has long rejected a 
requirement of conclusive proof of efficacy for obviousness”) (internal 
quotation marks and alteration in original); but see Ex. 2003 ¶ 71 (Dr. 
Levine opining a POSA “would need to see conclusive proof that RF energy 
alone was responsible for the improvement in perennial allergic rhinitis”) 
(emphasis added). That is especially so where the claims here, insofar as 
they recite efficacy at all, only do so at the most generic level as we 
discussed above. See, e.g., Ex. 1098 ¶ 111 (testifying the claims require no 
particular degree or measure of efficacy). 
Second, we agree with Petitioner that Fang teaches RF ablation of the 
parasympathetic nerves in the nasal cavity/nasopharynx improved rhinitis 
outcomes. Pet. Reply 18. Indeed, Fang reported statistically significant 
improvements between the control group (no ablation) and the study group 
(with ablation). Ex. 1006, 876 (disclosing that “[c]ompared with patients in 
the control group . . ., the total efficacy rate [among the experimental group] 
. . . was significantly improved, with statistical significance.”); see also id. 
(concluding nasal endoscope “with radiofrequency ablation may achieve 
 
the claims. We do not rely on Haikou to reach our determinations regarding 
the patentability of the challenged claims. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
42 
good therapeutic effects on perennial allergic rhinitis”). Even considering 
that some patients may have received additional surgical interventions for 
additional conditions (e.g., nasal polyps), we are unpersuaded that a skilled 
artisan would have dismissed Fang’s favorable results. Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 104–
106, 116–120 (testifying, inter alia, it is common for clinicians to treat 
multiple pathologies simultaneously and that a POSA would have 
considered (and not discounted) Fang’s attribution of positive rhinitis 
treatment results to the RF ablation technique Fang applied). 
Third, although Patent Owner criticizes parts of Fang’s experimental 
method and the reference to diagnostic/efficacy criteria in a document 
outside Fang’s four-corners, Patent Owner “does not dispute Fang was right 
about” the benefit of RF ablation in treating rhinitis. Pet. Reply 18–19. We 
find that a POSA would, on balance, have known or at least reasonably 
expected that Fang was correct—as “Fang’s findings are consistent with 
multiple undisputed prior-art references.” Id.; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 46 (discussing 
background references), 190 (discussing Chen); Pet. 14–15 (asserting “[a] 
distinct but well-known technique was to use ablation devices to deliver 
energy to destroy cells that cause rhinitis symptoms” (citing Fang, Chen, and 
Arora (Ex. 1054, 80)), 79, 83 (discussing Chen in the context of motivation 
and reasonable expectation of success). Chen, for instance, discloses that 
“radiofrequency thermocoagulation of the sphenopalatine nerve” reduced the 
symptoms of rhinitis, consistent with Fang’s results. Ex. 1044, 239–240 
(describing the technique as “highly effective, easy to perform . . . [and] a 
good way to treat PAR [(perennial allergic rhinitis)]”); see also Ex. 1054, 80 
(“[c]ryodestruction of the nasal branches of the Vidian nerve . . . in cases of 
vasomotor rhinitis”); Ex. 1045, 341–342 (“[RF] treatment . . . can cause 
varying degrees of damage to the deep ethymoidal nerve . . . thus achieving 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
43 
the goal of treating allergic rhinitis”); Ex. 1098 ¶ 98 (testifying it was 
already known “that ablating parasympathetic nerves, even with various 
forms of ablation such as [RF] ablation or cryotherapy, treats rhinitis” (citing 
references)). Considered in the context of Chen and other background art 
cited by Petitioner, which Patent Owner does not address in its papers, the 
criticisms about lack of detail in Fang fall flat. Tr. 51:20–53:8.20 
Lastly, Patent Owner’s contention that Fang has been cited only once 
in the technical literature is incorrect and unpersuasive. In response to 
Patent Owner’s argument, Petitioner provides evidence indicating that Fang 
has been cited at least seven times, including in the Hytönen reference that 
Patent Owner alluded to, but did not submit. Pet. Reply 19–20 (citing 
 
20 While we need not resolve Patent Owner’s priority arguments (for 
Grounds 1–3) raised in this proceeding, we note some of those arguments 
are in tension with its criticism about Fang. When arguing the alleged 
priority disclosures for the ’011 patent provide sufficient written-description 
support for treating rhinitis using RF-energy only (i.e., without any toxin 
delivery), Patent Owner repeatedly argued that a POSA would have simply 
understood that ablating target tissues results in rhinitis treatment—despite 
the patent disclosures having no working example or experimental data to 
support this position. See, e.g., Paper 39, slide 17 (“Undisputed: Ablating 
Goblet Cells Treats The Claimed Conditions”); Tr. 43:7–44:7 (“[I]t’s 
understood by persons skilled in this art as evidenced by their own expert’s 
testimony and our expert’s testimony that when you apply irreversibly 
porated energy to goblet cells, you are going to treat these conditions”); 
Ex. 1089, 3:7 (Dr. Levine agreeing the patents provide no data about 
treating rhinitis with energy in the absence of toxin). When arguing 
nonobviousness, however, Patent Owner seemingly demands detailed 
efficacy data from Fang on the use of RF energy for rhinitis treatment that is 
found nowhere in the ’011 patent itself. In re Epstein, 32 F.3d 1559, 1568 
(Fed. Cir. 1994) (holding “the Board’s observation that appellant did not 
provide the type of detail in his specification that he now argues is necessary 
in prior art references supports the Board’s finding that one skilled in the art 
would have known how to implement the features of the references”). 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
44 
Ex. 1103). Hytönen cites positively to Fang’s results and urges that clinical 
trials on nasal RF ablation treatment should proceed. Ex. 1112, 1260–1261, 
1264 (noting the statistically significant “SS” results reported in Fang 
(among other studies) and recommending initiation of double-blind, 
placebo-controlled randomized trials). 
In sum, Patent Owner’s critiques of Fang would not have discouraged 
the skilled artisan from considering its teachings, nor do they detract from 
the reasons given by Petitioner for combining Makower and Fang. 
(b) 
Whether Makower is “Directed to” 
Flexible Catheters 
Patent Owner argues Makower is “directed to flexible catheters” and 
that Petitioner provides “no reason” why a POSA would have looked to 
Makower for energy delivery devices. PO Resp. 50–54 (citing, e.g., 
Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 36–37, 40–42, 132–143; Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 77–85). 
We addressed substantially the same argument above, and explained 
why it was unpersuasive. See supra Section III.F.1.b & b.1. Makower is 
undisputedly analogous prior art, and we presume that a POSA is aware of 
all such relevant prior art. In re Rouffet, 149 F.3d 1350, 1357 (Fed. Cir. 
1998) (explaining that the law “presumes that all prior art references in the 
field of the invention are available to this hypothetical skilled artisan”); In re 
Lemelson, 397 F.2d at 1009 (holding all relevant disclosure must be 
considered and a reference’s teachings are not limited to the “problem” 
solved by the reference). Makower is not limited to “flexible catheters” and, 
indeed, it describes and claims working devices—such devices include an 
RF-ablation catheter device designed for insertion into the nasal cavity such 
as described and shown in Makower’s Figure 5H. See, e.g., Ex. 1005 
¶¶ 160–162, 164, 187, claim 1, Fig. 5H. Makower also teaches flexible 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
45 
catheters can be used with or incorporated into such working devices to 
facilitate safe and accurate placement at the appropriate region for which 
treatment is desired. See, e.g., id. ¶¶ 161, 187. 
We determine the evidence, including the teachings of the references 
themselves, favors Petitioner’s argument that a POSA would have been 
motivated to use Makower’s RF ablation device to target the regions of the 
nasal cavity identified by Fang and, thus, treat rhinitis. On that issue we 
credit Dr. Bu-Saba’s testimony, which is supported by the evidence of 
record, over the competing testimony of Dr. Levine. See, e.g., Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 178–185; Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 124–130 (addressing reasons why a skilled artisan 
would have considered Makower’s RF ablation device and explaining how 
the opinion is grounded in Makower’s and Fang’s actual teachings and the 
artisan’s background knowledge); see, e.g., Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 63–88 (testifying a 
POSA would not have combined Makower and Fang due to Makower’s 
alleged focus on flexible catheters and Fang’s supposedly flawed study—
reasoning that we reject as unpersuasive). 
(c) 
Alleged Hindsight and Lack of 
Reasons to Combine the Art 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s reasons for combining Makower 
and Fang are tainted with hindsight. PO Resp. 55–65. Patent Owner 
invokes a variety of contentions that allegedly reveal this flaw in Petitioner’s 
challenge. Patent Owner contends a skilled artisan would not have looked to 
Makower’s device for damaging nerves because Makower discloses that its 
device shrinks tissues as a means of reducing obstructions in the 
nasopharyngeal passage. Id. at 55–56 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶ 92; Ex. 2003 ¶ 45–
49). Patent Owner argues Makower and Fang have different objectives; 
Makower is allegedly focused on flexible devices as a way to avoid bloody 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
46 
or painful treatments that historically arose from use of rigid devices, and 
Fang’s methods included “destructive surgical methods,” including septum 
surgery. Id. at 56–58 (citing Ex. 1006, 877; Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 89–98). Patent 
Owner contends the electrode arrangement of Makower’s device could cause 
undesired ablation to tissues beyond those targeted for treatment. Id. at 58–
60 (asserting Makower’s Fig. 5H shows a device positioned to cauterize 
tissue on both sides of a passageway and, if such a device with oppositely 
disposed struts were placed against the lateral nasal wall (i.e., tissues 
targeted by Fang), the septum opposite the lateral wall might be cauterized 
too). And, Patent Owner contends, if anything, a skilled artisan would select 
other devices of Makower—like the Figure 5A device, which includes only 
a single side opening that could be positioned against adjacent tissues—
rather than the two-sided treatment device shown in Figure 5H, which comes 
with alleged risks of ablating and potentially perforating the septum. PO 
Resp. 60–61 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶ 166, Fig. 5A).21 
Patent Owner’s contentions are unavailing. We find that a skilled 
artisan would have considered Makower for nasal disorder treatments. See, 
e.g., Ex. 1005 ¶ 1 (describing field of invention as related to catheter based 
devices and methods for treating sinusitis and other nasal disorders). Insofar 
as Makower’s Figure 5H device can be used for tissue shrinking, it shrinks 
tissues through the application of ablation energy. Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 92, 164, 187; 
 
21 That the Examiner cited Makower during the prosecution history of the 
parent US 10,610,675 patent does not factor persuasively one way or the 
other into our analysis on this trial record. See Pet. 17; Pet. Reply 20–21 
(noting that the Examiner identified Makower as the “closest prior art” 
during prosecution); Ex. 1022, 122; PO Resp. 62 (noting the Examiner 
ultimately allowed the claims, finding Makower did not teach disrupting 
neural activity to reduce mucus secretions in the nasal cavity). 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
47 
Ex. 1098 ¶ 132 (testifying that tissue-shrinking electrodes include multiple 
bipolar electrodes delivering ablation energy to tissues). Moreover, 
treatments aimed at reducing obstructions and treatments aimed at reducing 
mucus secretions are not incompatible or mutually exclusive. Ex. 1098 
¶¶ 133–134 (testifying blockages and mucus production are both symptoms 
of rhinitis, and treatments also involved reduction of nasal blockages); 
Ex. 1107 (Levine article), 453 (describing rhinitis treatment using laser 
coagulation to reduce turbinate and decrease mucus-secreting tissues). 
We do not agree that Makower and Fang have diametrically opposed 
objectives, as argued by Patent Owner. PO Resp. 56–58. Both references 
teach or suggest treating nasal conditions by application of RF-ablation 
energy. Ex. 1006, 876–877; Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 1, 43, 132, 164, 187. Makower 
does not teach that cutting or similar surgical interventions are inconsistent 
or inappropriate with its devices and methods. See Ex. 1005 ¶ 43 (disclosing 
that devices of the invention may be used for “remodeling,” “cutting,” and 
“debulking” nasal tissues “such as nasal polyps” and other “enlarged” or 
“abnormal” tissues). Drs. Levine and Bu-Saba agree that “it’s not unusual to 
combine several procedures in practice” when treating nasal conditions. 
Ex. 1089, 89:12–91:8 (testifying, e.g., that a clinician may correct a deviated 
septum during the same procedure in which a turbinate is reduced in size); 
Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 136–138 (testifying “combining multiple procedures was (and 
remains) common”). And nothing in challenged claim 1 forecloses surgical 
or other therapeutic interventions above and beyond RF ablation. 
We also disagree with Patent Owner’s contention that a POSA would 
not have used Makower’s Figure 5H device based on concerns about 
ablation of undesired tissues. As Petitioner argues, a POSA would simply 
adjust the device’s positioning or its RF parameters, such as “by selectively 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
48 
activating electrodes contacting target nasal-wall tissue.” Pet. Reply 22–23 
(citing Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 43, 161, 164, 187); Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 139–143; KSR, 550 U.S. 
at 421 (explaining that a skilled artisan is “not an automaton”). That a 
POSA might have favored and, therefore, selected a different device 
described by Makower (i.e., the embodiment of Figure 5A) for the surgical 
procedures in question is not decisive. A petitioner need not show a 
motivation to pursue only the best or most obvious solution. Intel Corp. v. 
Qualcomm Inc., 21 F.4th 784, 800 (Fed. Cir. 2021). 
For the reasons above, we find that the preponderance of the evidence 
supports Petitioner’s contention that a POSA would have combined 
Makower, Fang, and Edwards in the manner proposed. 
c) Conclusion on Claim 1 
Upon considering the full trial record, we find by a preponderance of 
the evidence that the combination of Makower, Fang, and Edwards teaches 
or suggests the apparatus of claim 1, and that the skilled artisan would have 
had reason to combine the references as proposed by Petitioner and done so 
with a reasonable expectation of success. We, therefore, conclude that 
claim 1 would have been obvious. 
2. Claim 9 
Claim 9 depends from claim 1 and adds that “energy transmission 
element is configured to deliver energy laterally relative to the distal portion 
of the body.” Ex. 1001, 28:4–6. The parties’ core dispute is whether 
Makower teaches or suggests a device that uses bipolar electrodes 
configured to deliver energy laterally. For the reasons that follow, we 
determine that Petitioner has the better position. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
49 
a) 
Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner contends that the combination of Makower, Fang, and 
Edwards teaches an energy transmission element (electrodes) configured to 
deliver energy laterally relative to the distal portion of the body as require by 
claim 9. Pet. 88–90; Pet. Reply 23–26. To support that contention, 
Petitioner directs our attention to Figure 5H of Makower, which provides a 
partial perspective view of Makower’s tissue shrinking electrode device. 
Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 92, 187; see supra, Section III.D.1. Petitioner contends that 
Makower’s electrosurgical device includes bipolar or monopolar electrodes 
216 that apply energy to adjacent tissue in a manner similar to the electrodes 
in [’011] patent Figure 5A. Pet. 89 (citing Ex. 1001, 16:30–58, 5A–5B; 
Ex. 1005 ¶ 187, Fig. 5H; Ex. 1068,22 3:2–7; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 200–202). 
Petitioner contends that 
In Makower, a POSITA would have understood current travels 
from one bipolar electrode to another electrode to create an 
electrical field that travels through contacted tissue. Current 
(energy) in this field is delivered laterally relative to the distal 
portion of the device (i.e., into target tissue and away from the 
shaft). 
Pet. 89 (emphasis omitted). Petitioner further relies on the testimony of Dr. 
Bu-Saba that 
A person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood the 
concentration of current, i.e., energy, in Makower is directed 
laterally relative to the strut members of the electrosurgical 
device. In other words, a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood that current traveling between Makower’s 
bipolar electrodes would create electrical fields that concentrate 
current lateral relative to the axis of the distal portion of the RF 
ablation probe and into the targeted tissue. 
 
22 Ex. 1068, Imran, US 5,255,679, issued Oct. 26, 1993 (“Imran”). 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
50 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 202 (emphasis omitted). Dr. Bu-Saba also states that Makower 
references electrode assemblies known in the art that are capable of being 
incorporated into Makower’s design. Id. In particular, Dr. Bu-Saba relies 
on an annotated Figure 1 of Imran, reproduced below, to support his 
testimony. Id. 
 
Imran’s Figure 1 depicts an endocardial catheter for ablation having a 
“plurality of longitudinally spaced apart electrodes 23.” Ex. 1068, 3:2–3. 
With reference to Imran’s Figure 1, Dr. Bu-Saba states that Imran’s 
electrodes are configured to deliver energy laterally because they “are 
disposed on the lateral side of a strut on the distal portion of the treatment 
device.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 202. Dr. Bu-Saba concludes that “a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have understood [from Imran’s device] that current 
traveling from or between such electrodes would create electrical fields that 
concentrate current lateral relative to the axis of the distal portion of the RF 
ablation probe.” Id. 
b) Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner contends that “lateral energy delivery requires a specific 
electrode configuration (e.g., ’011 patent, FIG. 5A).” PO Resp. 65. To 
begin, Patent Owner directs our attention to annotated Figures 5A and 5B of 
the ’011 patent, reproduced below. 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
51 
 
 
According to Patent Owner, Figure 5A of the ’011 patent depicts an 
arrangement of electrodes 30, 32 that are insulated, resulting in an electrical 
field concentrated in one direction—“laterally through the electrode’s top 
surface.” Id. at 66 (citing Ex. 2003 ¶ 109; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 74–75). Figure 5B 
depicts an arrangement of electrodes that “create a more uniform electric 
field about the shaft of the catheter body.” Id. at 66–67; Ex. 1001, 16:54–58 
(“FIG. 5A depicts an arrangement of electrodes 30 and 32 that produces an 
electric field concentrated in a lateral direction from the catheter body 
whereas, FIG. 5B shows a device constructed to create a more uniform 
electric field about the shaft of the catheter body.”). 
Next, Patent Owner contends that Makower’s electrode arrangement 
does not deliver energy laterally. PO Resp. 66. Rather, Patent Owner 
contends that a 
POSITA would have understood Makower’s electrodes to be 
ring electrodes that wrap around Makower’s struts. (Ex-2003-
Levine at 94; Ex-2005-Bikson at ¶77.) Unlike the FIG. 5A 
electrodes, Makower’s electrodes are designed to emit energy 
about their entire circumference. (Ex-2005-Bikson at ¶77.) 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
52 
PO Resp. 66. 
 
Patent Owner further contends that Petitioner’s and Dr. Bu Saba’s 
reliance on the electrodes disclosed in Imran does not cure the deficiency 
identified in Makower. PO Resp. 68–69. To support its contention, Patent 
Owner further annotates the Figure 1 of Imran referenced by Dr. Bu-Saba, 
reproduced below. Id. at 70. 
 
Patent Owner’s annotated Figure 1 of Imran illustrates an alleged flow of 
energy in “multiple directions.” Id. at 69; Ex. 2005 ¶ 82. With reference to 
the figure above, Patent Owner contends that 
a POSITA would not have understood Imran’s electrodes, as 
shown in this figure, to be configured to deliver energy laterally. 
This is because the electrodes extend above the surface of the 
struts. Thus, a POSITA would have understood that, unlike the 
electrodes laterally delivering energy in FIG. 5A of the ’011 
patent, Imran’s electrodes are configured to deliver energy in 
multiple directions, through each exposed, non-insulated as 
shown in annotated FIG. 1 [above]. 
PO Resp. 69; see also Ex. 2003 ¶ 108 (Imran’s “electrodes extend above the 
surface of the struts, i.e., are not surrounded by an insulating material . . . . 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
53 
Thus, a POSITA would have understood that the electrodes in Imran deliver 
energy in multiple directions, through each, exposed (i.e., non-insulated) 
surface”). Thus, according to Patent Owner, the Imran electrodes are not 
configured to deliver energy laterally. Id. (citing Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 107–110; 
Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 78–84). 
c) Petitioner Reply 
Petitioner responds that “Makower Figure 5H concentrates energy 
laterally relative to the distal portion of the treatment device (i.e., in tissue) 
when current travels between bipolar electrodes, . . . just like the direction 
energy is concentrated in ’011 patent Figure 5A.” Pet. Reply 23 (citing 
Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 145–146; Pet. 89–90). Petitioner further contends that “a 
POSITA would have expected ring electrodes in Makower [to] concentrate 
energy laterally because air would insulate any portion not contacting 
tissue.” Id. at 24 (citing Ex. 1091, 218:9–11, 221:18–222:7; Ex. 1001, 18:6–
10; 23:60–65; Ex. 1098 ¶¶ 147–148, 151–152). 
 Additionally, Petitioner contends that Patent Owner’s arguments that 
Imran’s protruding electrodes would not deliver energy laterally 
(Ex.2003-Levine, ¶109; Ex.2005-Bikson, ¶82; Ex.1089-Levine-
Tr., 187:7-188:5), are directly contradicted by the ’011 patent, 
which in Figure 6D depicts electrodes that “extend laterally” and 
create a lateral “energy field” akin to Figure 5A, and in claim 10 
claims energy transmission elements that both extend and deliver 
energy laterally. 
Pet. Reply 26 (citing Ex. 1001, Fig. 6D, 17:27–35, claims 1, 9–10; Ex. 1089, 
190:6–9; Ex. 1098 ¶ 153). To support that contention, Petitioner directs our 
attention to an annotated Figure 6 of the ’011 patent, reproduced below. 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
54 
 
As described in the ’011 patent, Figure 6D “depicts a catheter device 70 
having electrode elements 72 and 74 that are adapted to extend laterally 
from the main catheter body.” Ex. 1001, 17:27–29. Petitioner’s annotations 
point to the field that is created between electrode elements 72 and 74 that 
suggest that energy is concentrated laterally despite sitting on the surface of 
the main catheter body. Petitioner contends that, “[i]f Figure 5H [of 
Makower] were implemented with Imran’s surface bipolar electrodes, it 
would do the same.” Pet. Reply 24. 
d) Patent Owner’s Sur-reply 
Patent Owner contends that 
Even if Imran is improperly considered, its electrode 
configuration does not deliver energy laterally because those 
electrodes sit on a surface, i.e., are uninsulated. Not only is 
energy emitted in all directions from such uninsulated electrodes, 
but the electrolytic fluid in the nasal cavity precludes energy 
from being delivered laterally—it draws current away from the 
target tissue. (Ex-2003, ¶109; Ex-2005, ¶¶77, 82-83.) 
PO Sur-reply 22. Patent Owner supports its contention with declaration of 
Dr. Bikson, who testifies that 
Unlike the FIG. 5A electrodes in the ’011 patent, 
Makower’s FIG. 5H electrodes are ring electrodes, which are 
designed to emit energy about their entire circumference. Such 
current flow is akin to electrode arrangement shown in FIG. 5B 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
55 
of the ’011 patent, which is not described as lateral energy 
delivery but rather is described as “uniform” energy delivery. 
(Ex-1001 at 16:54-58 (“FIG. 5A depicts and arrangement of 
electrodes 30 and 32 that produces an electric field concentrated 
in a lateral direction from the catheter body whereas, FIG. 5B 
shows a device constructed to create a more uniform electric field 
about the shaft of the catheter body.”).) 
Ex. 2005 ¶ 77. 
 
Patent Owner also contends that 
Petitioner’s citation to FIG. 6D of the ’011 patent also misses the 
mark. (Reply, 25.) In contrast to Imran, which includes numerous 
electrodes that continuously engage “the wall of the heart” (Ex-
1068, 2:44-45, 6:53-67), the FIG. 6D embodiment includes only 
two surface penetrating electrodes. (Ex-1001, 17:27-35.) 
PO Sur-reply 22–23. 
Thus, Patent Owner contends that Makower does not deliver energy 
laterally because, “[l]ike Imran, the uninsulated surfaces on Makower’s ring 
electrodes emit energy in all directions (uniformly per the parlance of the 
’011 patent) and further result in current being drawn away from the target 
tissue.” PO Sur-reply 23. 
e) Analysis 
We find that Makower discloses electrosurgical devices for the nasal 
cavity or nasopharynx that use multiple bipolar electrodes that cauterize or 
heat adjacent tissue such that the function of a nasopharyngeal passage of 
the patient is altered. Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 43, 160–162, 164, 187, Fig. 5H; Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 84, 187; Pet. 30; see supra Section III.E.1.b.1. (discussing the operability 
of Makower’s device). We further agree with Petitioner that, in order to 
treat “tissue adjacent” to Makower’s electrodes, energy flows from the 
electrodes into tissue that is lateral relative to the distal portion of the device, 
as required by claim 9. Here, we credit the testimony of Dr. Bu-Saba that “a 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
56 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that current 
traveling between Makower’s bipolar electrodes would create electrical 
fields that concentrate current lateral relative to the axis of the distal portion 
of the RF ablation probe and into the targeted tissue.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 202. 
Patent Owner’s contentions to the contrary are unavailing. We 
considered Patent Owner’s arguments that Makower’s electrodes are 
configured to deliver energy uniformly as compared to laterally. PO Resp. 
66 (citing Ex. 2003 ¶ 109; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 74–75). However, we are persuaded 
by Petitioner’s arguments and the testimony of Dr. Bu-Saba that Makower’s 
device directs energy laterally into the adjacent tissue that is in contact with 
the electrodes and would “not travel through surrounding air.” Ex. 1098 
¶ 152; see also id. (“As a matter of operation, electrodes of the device taught 
by Makower would contact target tissue and portions of the electrodes that 
are not contacting tissue would be insulated by air.”); id. (“a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood that mucus or blood would 
not affect treatment or would be removed from the nasal cavity and 
nasopharynx prior to ablation”). Thus, even if the ring electrodes of 
Makower are capable of generally directing energy uniformly, in the context 
of Makower’s disclosed use, we find that “a POSITA would have expected 
ring electrodes in Makower [to] concentrate energy laterally because air 
would insulate any portion not contacting tissue.” Pet. Reply 24 (citing 
Ex. 1091, 218:9–11, 221:18–222:7; Ex.1001, 18:6–10; 23:60–65; Ex. 1098 
¶¶ 147–148, 151–152).23 
 
23 Patent Owner’s expert also admits that the ’011 patent’s Figure 5B, which 
purports to show a pair of bipolar ring electrodes, is able to deliver energy 
“laterally and uniformly.” Ex. 1089, 194:5–196:6. Patent Owner’s 
suggestion that the surface electrodes of the ’011 patent’s Figure 6D (which 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
57 
For the reasons above, we determine that the preponderance of the 
evidence favors Petitioner’s challenge and that claim 9 would have been 
obvious over Makower, Fang, and Edwards. 
3. Other Claims 
Petitioner argues that dependent claims 2, 5, 8, 10, 12, and 14 would 
have been obvious over Makower, Fang, and Edwards. Pet. 85–88, 90–92. 
In support, Petitioner cites the prior art’s teachings and declarant testimony. 
Id. (citing, e.g., Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 164, 167, 187, 192, Figs. 5B, 5H; Ex. 1006, 
877–878; Ex. 1008, 9:14–45; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 195–206, 210–213). We have 
considered and credit this evidence and testimony, which we find establishes 
sufficiently that the combination of references teaches or suggests the 
limitations added by the dependent claims and that the POSA had reasons 
for combining the art as proposed to arrive at the claimed subject matter with 
a reasonable expectation of success. 
Patent Owner does not argue the patentability of these dependent 
claims separately, relying instead on its general arguments against Ground 4 
and claim 1, which we addressed and found unavailing as discussed above in 
Section III.F.1. See PO Resp. 30–31 (“Petitioners failed to establish that 
Makower’s device would have reasonably been expected to successfully 
achieve treatment of targeted tissue, as required by all claims.”). 
 
are shown creating a lateral energy field) are functionally distinct from 
surface electrodes, such as shown in Imran’s Figure 1, also fails. PO Sur-
Reply 22–23 (arguing Figure 6D “includes only two surface penetrating 
electrodes”). The patent’s description of Figure 6D states that “electrode 
elements 72 and 74 . . . are adapted to extend laterally from the main 
catheter body, and in some cases, penetrate the surrounding tissue prior to 
application of energy.” Ex. 1001, 17:32–35 (emphasis added). Thus, the 
disclosure permits but does not require surface-penetrating electrodes. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
58 
Based on the preponderance of the evidence, we conclude that 
claims 2, 5, 8, 10, 12, and 14 are unpatentable as obvious over Makower, 
Fang, and Edwards. 
G. Other Grounds: Grounds 1–3 
Petitioner argues that claims 1, 2, 5, 8–10, 12, and 14 are anticipated 
by Saadat (Ground 1), that Saadat renders obvious claims 12 and 14 (Ground 
2), and that Deem anticipates claims 1, 2, 5, 8–10, 12, and 14 (Ground 3). 
Pet. 32–64. Each of Grounds 1–3 is premised on the challenged claims 
being entitled to priority no earlier than October 22, 2019. See, e.g., Pet. 2, 
6–7, 54. 
Petitioner met its burden to show unpatentability of all challenged 
claims under Ground 4 (as discussed above); we exercise our discretion not 
to reach Grounds 1–3. Bos. Sci. Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 F. 
App’x 984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (nonprecedential) (explaining that “the 
Board has discretion to decline to decide additional instituted grounds once 
petitioner has prevailed on all its challenged claims.”). 
IV. 
PATENT OWNER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
Patent Owner moves to exclude Exhibit 1113 and four paragraphs of 
Dr. Bu-Saba’s Reply Declaration discussing that exhibit. Paper 35, 1–5 
(moving to exclude Exhibit 1113 and paragraphs 112–115 of Exhibit 1098). 
The gist of Patent Owner’s motion is that Exhibit 1113 comprises “new 
evidence” and Petitioner’s “belated submission” of that evidence is “highly 
prejudicial” to Patent Owner and, therefore, Exhibit 1113 (and the testimony 
about it) should be excluded under Fed. R. Evid. 403. Id. Petitioner filed an 
opposition to the motion (Paper 36), which was followed by Patent Owner’s 
reply to that opposition (Paper 37). 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
59 
Our Decision does not rely on any of the challenged evidence, and we 
therefore dismiss Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude as moot. 
V. 
CONCLUSION24 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
challenged claims are unpatentable as summarized below. 
 
 
24 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
25 Because all challenged claims are determined to be unpatentable based on 
other asserted grounds, we decline to further address this additional ground. 
26 Because all challenged claims are determined to be unpatentable based on 
other asserted grounds, we decline to further address this additional ground. 
27 Because all challenged claims are determined to be unpatentable based on 
other asserted grounds, we decline to further address this additional ground. 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 5, 8–
10, 12, 14 
102 
Saadat25 
 
 
 
12, 14 
103 
Saadat26 
 
 
1, 2, 5, 8–
10, 12, 14 
102 
Deem27 
 
 
 
1, 2, 5, 8–
10, 12, 14 
103 
Makower, Fang, 
Edwards 
1, 2, 5, 8–10, 
12, 14 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1, 2, 5, 8–10, 
12, 14 
 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
60 
VI. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has proved by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1, 2, 5, 8–10, 12, and 14 are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
(Paper 35) is dismissed as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2024-00280 
Patent 10,894,011 B2 
 
61 
For PETITIONER: 
 
David Cavanaugh 
Alexis Cohen 
Alexander Nemtzow 
Gilbert Smolenski 
WILMER CUTLER PICKERING HALE AND DORR LLP 
david.cavanaugh@wilmerhale.com 
alexis.cohen@wilmerhale.com 
alex.nemtzow@wilmerhale.com 
gilbert.smolenski@wilmerhale.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Heath Briggs 
Trenton Ward 
Elana Araj 
Benjamin Gilford 
GREENBERG TRAURIG, LLP 
briggsh@gtlaw.com 
trenton.ward@gtlaw.com 
araje@gtlaw.com 
gilfordb@gtlaw.com 
 
Jason Stach 
Sonja Sahlsten 
Anthony Berlenbach 
Kathleen Daley 
Christopher Howes 
FINNEGAN, HENDERSON, FARABOW, 
 GARRETT, & DUNNER LLP 
jason.stach@finnegan.com 
sonja.sahlsten@finnegan.com 
anthony.berlenbach@finnegan.com 
kathleen.daley@finnegan.com 
christopher.howes@finnegan.com