--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
 
 
 
 
 Paper 47 
571-272-7822 
 
 
 
 
Date: September 17, 2024 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
PARSE BIOSCIENCES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
10X GENOMICS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
 
Before MICHAEL J. FITZPATRICK, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and 
DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
FITZPATRICK, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Petitioner, Parse Biosciences, Inc., filed a Petition to institute an inter 
partes review of all claims, namely claims 1–6, of U.S. Patent No. 
10,155,981 B2 (“the ’981 patent”) pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 311(a). Paper 1 
(“Pet.”). Patent Owner, 10X Genomics, Inc., filed a Preliminary Response 
pursuant to 37 C.F.R. § 42.107(b). Paper 6 (“Prelim. Resp.”). We granted 
the Petition and instituted an inter partes review. Paper 7 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
During the review, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response to 
the Petition (Paper 13 (“PO Resp.”)), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 22 
(“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 26 (“PO Sur-
Reply”). Additionally, each party filed a motion to exclude. Paper 34 (“Pet. 
Mot. To Exclude”); Paper 35 (“PO Mot. To Exclude”).1 
An oral hearing was held July 24, 2024. A transcript of the hearing is 
of record in this case. Paper 46 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6, and this Final Written 
Decision, issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a), addresses issues and 
arguments raised during the trial. For the reasons discussed below, we 
determine that Petitioner has proven, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that claims 1–6 of the ’981 patent are unpatentable. 
 
1 Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude seeks exclusion of Exhibit 2101. As 
we do not rely on Exhibit 2101, Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is dismissed 
as moot. Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is discussed below. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
3 
B. Real Parties In Interest 
Each party identifies itself as the sole real party in interest. Pet. 4; 
Paper 4, at 1. 
C. Related Matters 
The parties identify the following related matter involving the ’981 
patent: 10x Genomics v. Parse Biosciences, Inc., 22-cv-01117 (D. Del.). 
Pet. 4; Paper 4, at 1. 
Petitioner also identifies IPR2023-00955 and IPR2023-00958, 
involving related patents, U.S. Patent No. 10,240,197 B1 (“the ’197 patent”) 
and U.S. Patent No. 10,697,013 B1 (“the ’013 patent”). Paper 16, 2. 
D. The ’981 Patent 
The ’981 patent is titled “Methods For Analyzing Nucleic Acids From 
Single Cells.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The focus of the ’981 patent 
Specification, other than the claims, however, is directed to the “reflex 
method.” For example, the “Summary of the Invention” states in its entirety 
the following: 
Aspects of the present invention are drawn to processes for 
moving a region of interest in a polynucleotide from a first 
position to a second position with regard to a domain within the 
polynucleotide, also referred to as a “reflex method” (or reflex 
process, reflex sequence process, reflex reaction, and the like). 
In certain embodiments, the reflex method results in moving a 
region of interest into functional proximity to specific domain 
elements present in the polynucleotide (e.g., primer sites and/or 
MID). Compositions, kits and systems that find use in carrying 
out the reflex processes described herein are also provided. 
Ex. 1001, 1:49–61. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
4 
The ’981 patent’s filing date is August 15, 2017. Id., code (22). 
However, it claims priority as the sixth in a string of continuation 
applications and ultimately to a provisional application filed August 20, 
2009. Ex. 1001, code (63), 1:7–22. Petitioner does not challenge the 
asserted priority date of August 20, 2009. See Pet. 15 (“[T]he priority date 
of the ’981 Patent is no earlier than August 20, 2009.”). 
E. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenged all of the claims of the ’981 patent, namely 
claims 1–6. Claim 1 is the sole independent claim and reproduced below: 
1. 
A method of analyzing nucleic acids from a 
plurality of single cells, the method comprising: 
(a) providing a sample comprising a plurality of single 
cells, wherein each single cell of the plurality of 
single cells comprises a plurality of sample 
polynucleotides; 
(b) generating a plurality of tagged polynucleotides from 
the plurality of sample polynucleotides, wherein each 
tagged polynucleotide comprises: 
(i) a sequence from a sample polynucleotide of the 
plurality of sample polynucleotides; and 
(ii) a multiplex identifier (MID) sequence comprising: 
I. a first tag sequence associated with the single 
cell from which the sample polynucleotide is 
derived, wherein the first tag sequence is a 
different sequence for different single cells in 
the plurality of single cells; and 
II. a second tag sequence distinguishing the sample 
polynucleotide from other sample 
polynucleotides derived from the same single 
cell; 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
5 
(c) sequencing the plurality of tagged polynucleotides to 
obtain a plurality of identified polynucleotide 
sequences; 
(d) using the first tag sequence to correlate the identified 
polynucleotide sequence with the single cell from 
which the identified polynucleotide sequence is 
derived; and 
(e) using the second tag sequence to correlate the 
identified polynucleotide sequence with the sample 
polynucleotide from which the identified 
polynucleotide sequence is derived. 
Ex. 1001, 30:18–48. 
F. The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts the following grounds of unpatentability: 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 Basis 
1–4, 6 
 103(a) 
Linnarsson, McCloskey 
5 
 103(a) 
Linnarsson, McCloskey, 
“further in view of the 
knowledge of a [person of 
ordinary skill in the art]” 
Pet. 5. 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 
which was enacted September 16, 2011, made amendments to 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 102 and 103. AIA § 3(b)–(c). Those amendments became effective 
eighteen months later on March 16, 2013. Id. at § 3(n). Because the 
application from which the ’981 patent issued claims priority to an 
application filed before March 16, 2013, any citations herein to 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 102 and 103 are to their pre-AIA versions. Id. at § 3(n)(1). 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
6 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Claim Construction 
The challenged claims should be read in light of the specification, as it 
would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Suitco Surface, 
Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally give claim 
terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re Translogic Tech., 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary and customary 
meaning is the meaning that the term would have to a person of ordinary 
skill in the art in question.” (internal quotation marks omitted)); see also 
37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs according to 
the same standard as used in federal court). 
The Petition states that “Petitioner does not believe that any terms 
require explicit construction in view of the prior art being presented.” Pet. 
36. Despite this stated position, Petitioner proposed constructions for 
“multiplex-identifier (MID)” and “providing a sample.” Id. Patent Owner, 
in its Preliminary Response, stated that it “agrees that at this time, solely for 
purposes of an institution decision on the Petition, no terms require explicit 
construction.” Prelim. Resp. 45. In instituting the IPR, we found no need to 
provide an express construction of any claim term. Inst. Dec. 6. 
In the Patent Owner Response, Patent Owner repeats that it “does not 
believe any term needs construction,” but nonetheless “applies the Petition’s 
definitions for ‘MID’ and ‘sample.’” PO Resp. 19. The Petition defines 
MID as “‘a tag or combination of tags associated with a polynucleotide 
whose identity (e.g., the tag DNA sequence) can be used to differentiate 
polynucleotides in a sample.’” Pet. 36 (quoting Ex. 1001, 6:33–38). The 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
7 
Petition defines sample as “‘a quantity of material from a biological, 
environmental medical, or patient source in which detection, measurement, 
or labeling of target nucleic acids is sought.’” Id. (quoting Ex. 1001, 12:7–
10). We apply these same definitions in our analysis. 
B. Obviousness Generally 
A claim is unpatentable “if the differences between the subject matter 
sought to be patented and the prior art are such that the subject matter as a 
whole would have been obvious at the time the invention was made to a 
person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject matter pertains.” 
35 U.S.C. § 103(a). “Obviousness is a question of law based on underlying 
facts.” MobileMedia Ideas LLC v. Apple Inc., 780 F.3d 1159, 1167 (Fed. 
Cir. 2015). The underlying facts include (i) the scope and content of the 
prior art, (ii) any differences between the prior art and the claimed invention, 
(iii) the level of ordinary skill in the field of the invention, and (iv) any 
relevant objective considerations of nonobviousness. Id. (citing Graham v. 
John Deere of Kan. City, 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966)). Further, if all the 
elements of an invention are found in a combination of prior art references, 
then: 
a proper analysis under § 103 requires, inter alia, consideration 
of two factors: (1) whether the prior art would have suggested to 
those of ordinary skill in the art that they should make the 
claimed composition or device, or carry out the claimed process; 
and (2) whether the prior art would also have revealed that in so 
making or carrying out, those of ordinary skill would have a 
reasonable expectation of success. 
Medichem, S.A. v. Rolabo, S.L., 437 F.3d 1157, 1164 (Fed. Cir. 2006). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
8 
C. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining whether an invention would have been obvious at the 
time it was made, we consider the level of ordinary skill in the pertinent art 
at the time of the invention. Graham, 383 U.S. at 17. “The importance of 
resolving the level of ordinary skill in the art lies in the necessity of 
maintaining objectivity in the obviousness inquiry.” Ryko Mfg. Co. v. 
Nu-Star, Inc., 950 F.2d 714, 718 (Fed. Cir. 1991). The “person having 
ordinary skill in the art” is a hypothetical construct, from whose vantage 
point obviousness is assessed. In re Rouffet, 149 F.3d 1350, 1357 (Fed. Cir. 
1998). 
According to Petitioner: 
A person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) relating to 
the ’981 Patent would have had (1) a Masters degree and/or 
Ph.D. in molecular biology, genetics, chemistry, engineering, or 
a related discipline and at least two years of post-Masters, 
postdoctoral, or industry experience or (2) a Bachelor of Science 
in such disciplines and at least five years of academic or industry 
experience (including any experimental work toward a graduate 
degree), relating to DNA sequencing technologies, amplification 
methods, and gene expression analysis. Further, a POSA would 
have been familiar with associated tools, methods, and 
techniques including: (1) 
polynucleotide tagging; (2) 
amplification; (3) use of tags to overcome amplification bias; (4) 
single cell analysis; (5) ligation and primer extension; and (6) 
sequencing. 
Pet. 21–22 (citations omitted). 
Patent Owner does not directly dispute Petitioner’s proposal but does 
offer its own proposal. PO Resp. 18. Patent Owner proposes that the skilled 
artisan “would have had a Ph.D. in molecular biology, molecular genetics, 
biochemistry, physics, mechanical engineering, or a related discipline, with 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
9 
two years of academic, research, or industry experience in the field of 
genomic or transcriptome sequencing.” Id. (citing Ex. 2013 ¶¶25–26). 
Both of the parties’ proposals as to the level of ordinary skill in the art 
are consistent with the disclosure of the ’981 patent and the asserted prior 
art. The distinction between the parties’ proposals would not change the 
outcome of this Decision. Thus, we adopt and apply Patent Owner’s 
proposal. 
D. The Prior Art 
“A petitioner in an inter partes review may request to cancel as 
unpatentable 1 or more claims of a patent . . . only on the basis of prior art 
consisting of patents or printed publications.” 35 U.S.C. § 311(b). 
Petitioner here asserts the following two printed publications as prior art: 
(1) WO 2010/117620 A2, published Oct. 14, 2010 (“Linnarsson,” Ex. 1003) 
and (2) McCloskey, Megan L., et al., “Encoding PCR Products with Batch-
stamps and Barcodes,” 45 BIOCHEM GENET 761–67 (2007), published Oct. 
23, 2007 (“McCloskey,” Ex. 1004). 
1. Linnarsson 
Linnarsson is titled “Gene Expression Analysis In Single Cells.” 
Ex. 1003, code (54). Linnarsson discloses a “method for preparing a 
[complimentary DNA or] cDNA library from a plurality of single cells.” Id. 
at 3:25. In one embodiment 
the method includes the steps of releasing [messenger RNA or] 
mRNA from each single cell to provide a plurality of individual 
mRNA samples, synthesizing a first strand of cDNA from the 
mRNA in each individual mRNA sample and incorporating a tag 
into the cDNA to provide a plurality of tagged cDNA samples, 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
10 
pooling the tagged cDNA samples and amplifying the pooled 
cDNA samples to generate a cDNA library having double-
stranded cDNA. 
Id. at 3:26–30. Linnarsson discloses that the tag may be incorporated during 
cDNA synthesis via a tagged cDNA synthesis primer (“CDS”) and/or a 
tagged template switching oligonucleotide (“TSO”). Id. at 18:31–32 (“In 
some aspects of the invention, a tag can be incorporated into the cDNA 
during its synthesis. For example, the CDS and/or the TSO can include a 
tag.”). 
Linnarsson claims priority to U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 
61/164,759 (“Linnarsson Provisional,” (Ex. 1015)), filed on March 30, 2009. 
Ex. 1003, code (30). Petitioner argues that the Linnarsson Provisional 
supports at least one claim of Linnarsson, and, thus, Linnarsson is prior art 
as of the March 30, 2009, filing date of the Linnarsson Provisional. Pet. 
22–24. As such, Petitioner asserts that Linnarsson is prior art to the 
challenged claims under 35 U.S.C. § 102(e). See Pet. 22–23 (“Linnarsson is 
prior art to the challenged claims even if the Challenged Claims of the ’981 
Patent are entitled to their earliest priority date of August 20, 2009.”). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that Linnarsson is prior art to the 
challenged claims. Indeed, Patent Owner points out that “Linnarsson was 
the basis of multiple rejections by the Office in the application that matured 
into ’981, as well as ’981’s parent.” PO Resp. 7 (citing Ex. 1001, 2; Ex. 
1005, 154–56; Ex. 2004, 1085–87). This is true. In fact, Linnarsson was 
cited as an anticipatory reference twice during the examination of the ’957 
application from which the ’981 patent issued. See Ex. 1005, 154 (Dec. 27, 
2017, Final Action: “Claim(s) 1–6 are rejected under pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
11 
102(A)(1)/(A)(2) as being anticipated by Linnarsson.”), 193 (July 10, 2018, 
Final Action stating the same). 
Patent Owner, however, does dispute that Linnarsson is analogous art, 
which we address below. PO Resp. 68–69. 
2. McCloskey 
McCloskey is titled “Encoding PCR Products with Batch-stamps and 
Barcodes.” Ex. 1004, 1. McCloskey explains that when employing the 
polymerase chain reaction (“PCR”), there is “always uncertainty concerning 
the source of the template DNA that gave rise to a particular PCR product.” 
Id. McCloskey reports that it solved this problem by using 
an encoding oligonucleotide with five distinct informational 
regions (Fig. 1): (1) the batch-stamp, unique to each experiment, 
specifies the DNA source such as the patient or sample 
identification, and the date of reaction; (2) the random barcode 
distinguishes among sequences arising from different cell or 
allele copies; (3) the primer-binding site facilitates specific PCR 
amplification; (4) the genomic target-binding site targets the 
locus to be encoded prior to amplification; and (5) the extra 5' 
bases serve as an internal sentinel of recoding. This encoding 
oligonucleotide is annealed to denatured DNA and extended by 
Sequenase (USB) (Fig. 1). Sequenase-extension products are 
column-filtered to remove any unincorporated, encoding 
oligonucleotides and amplified using standard PCR protocols 
(Fig. 1). 
Ex. 1004, 2. Such an encoding oligonucleotide with two tag sequences is 
the heart of what Petitioner relies upon with respect to McCloskey. See, 
e.g., Pet. 30 (“McCloskey discloses a method of DNA analysis for single-
cell samples that utilizes an ‘encoding oligonucleotide’ having ‘five distinct 
information regions,’ two of which are tag sequences that distinguish, 
respectively, polynucleotides and samples.”). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
12 
According to the face of McCloskey, it was published in 2007, which 
is more than one year before the earliest possible effective filing date of the 
challenged claims (i.e., August 20, 2009). Ex. 1004, 1. As such, Petitioner 
asserts that McCloskey is prior art to the challenged claims under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(a) and (b). See Pet. 28–29. Patent Owner disputes that McCloskey is 
prior art, which we address below. PO Resp. 18. 
Patent Owner also disputes that McCloskey is analogous art, which 
we also address below. Id. at 68–69. 
3. Linnarsson and McCloskey are Analogous Art 
“Although § 103 does not, by its terms, define the ‘art to which [the] 
subject matter [sought to be patented] pertains,’ this determination is 
frequently couched in terms of whether the art is analogous or not, i.e., 
whether the art is ‘too remote to be treated as prior art.’” In re Clay, 966 
F.2d 656, 658 (Fed. Cir. 1992) (quoting In re Sovish, 769 F.2d 738, 741 
(Fed. Cir. 1985)). “Whether a reference in the prior art is ‘analogous’ is a 
fact question.” Clay, 966 F.2d at 658. “Two criteria have evolved for 
determining whether prior art is analogous: (1) whether the art is from the 
same field of endeavor, regardless of the problem addressed, and (2) if the 
reference is not within the field of the inventor’s endeavor, whether the 
reference still is reasonably pertinent to the particular problem with which 
the inventor is involved.” Id. at 658–59. 
Patent Owner argues that “Nowhere does Petitioner assert—let alone 
attempt to show—that either of the two references named in its grounds 
(primary reference Linnarsson and secondary reference McCloskey) is 
analogous art to ’981.” PO Resp. 68 (citing Pet. 52–53). As Patent Owner 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
13 
explains it, the Petition asserts that Linnarsson and McCloskey are 
analogous to each other but does not assert that they are analogous to the 
challenged claims. Id. (citing Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH v. Mylan 
Pharms. Inc., 66 F.4th 1373, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2023)). 
As we stated in the Institution Decision 
We agree with Patent Owner that Sanofi-Aventis holds that 
a petitioner bears the burden of persuasion to establish that an 
asserted prior art reference is analogous art. . . . 
However, we disagree with Patent Owner that the Petition 
must be denied for failing to state that the cited prior art 
references are analogous art “to the ’981 patent.” Rather, as 
Sanofi-Aventis further stated: “A petitioner is not required to 
anticipate and raise analogous art arguments in its petition; 
instead a petitioner can use its reply to ‘respond to arguments 
raised in the corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary 
response, patent owner response, or decision on institution.’” 
Sanofi-Aventis, 66 F.4th at 1379 (quoting 37 C.F.R. § 42.23). 
Accordingly, we need not address this issue for purposes of 
deciding whether to institute trial. 
Inst. Dec. 18. 
In its Petition, Petitioner asserted that “Linnarsson and McCloskey are 
analogous art that focus on significantly the same subject matter” and “are 
thus in the same field of endeavor.” Pet. 52. Patent Owner interprets the 
phrases “same subject matter” and “same field of endeavor” as meaning the 
same subject matter as each other and the same field of endeavor as each 
other. Thus, according to Patent Owner, Petitioner did not make the 
requisite assertion. This is a reasonable interpretation. This is not the end of 
the analysis, however. 
In its Reply, Petitioner argues that Linnarsson is analogous art 
because both it and the ’981 patent “deal with ‘analysis of gene expression 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
14 
in single cells or in a plurality of single cells’ based on nucleic acid tagging 
and sequencing.” Pet. Reply 25 (citing Ex. 1003, Abstr., 1:6-9, 3:25–4:2, 
9:23–10:2, 10:15–30, Fig. 11, claims 1, 26, 27; Ex. 1001, code (54), Abstr., 
6:33–7:22, claim 1; E. 1059 ¶¶125–27). In its Reply, Petitioner also argues 
that McCloskey is analogous art because both it and the ’981 patent “deal 
with tagging polynucleotides for amplification,[] with McCloskey even 
teaching a two-part tag that identifies the ‘DNA source such as the patient or 
sample identification’ and also ‘distinguishes among sequences arising from 
different cell or allele copies.’” Pet. Reply 25 (citing Ex. 1004, 2, Fig. 1; 
Ex. 1001, code (54), Abstr., 6:33–7:22, claim 1; Ex. 1059 ¶¶128–30). 
We find that both references are analogous art to the ’981 patent, as 
there is ample supporting evidence in the record, including that to which the 
Reply cites (citations identified in the immediately preceding paragraph). 
Indeed, Patent Owner does not dispute the merits of either argument. PO 
Sur-Reply 27–28. Rather, Patent Owner, argues that we “should not now 
permit Petitioner to rewrite its clearly-deficient Petition.” Id. at 28. 
Petitioner’s Reply does not re-write its Petition. What Petitioner’s 
Reply does, in response to Patent Owner’s arguments, is precisely what 
Sanofi-Aventis contemplates as being proper in a reply brief. Indeed, in 
ruling against the petitioner in Sanofi-Aventis, the Federal Circuit 
specifically noted that the petitioner could have used its reply brief “to 
explain how [the prior art reference] is analogous to the [challenged] patent” 
but did not do so. 66 F.4th at 1379–1380. Here, in contrast, Petitioner used 
its Reply brief to explain how Linnarsson and McCloskey are analogous to 
the ’981 patent. Petitioner’s explanation in its Reply brief was both proper 
and persuasive. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
15 
4. McCloskey is a Prior Art Printed Publication; Patent 
Owner’s Motion to Exclude is Granted-in-Part and 
Denied-in-Part 
Section 311(b) provides: “A petitioner in an inter partes review may 
request to cancel as unpatentable 1 or more claims of a patent only on a 
ground that could be raised under section 102 or 103 and only on the basis of 
prior art consisting of patents or printed publication.” 35 U.S.C. § 311(b) 
(emphasis added). 
McCloskey is an article titled “Encoding PCR Products with 
Batch-stamps and Barcodes,” and authored by Megan L. McCloskey, 
Reinhard Stoger, R. Scott Hansen, and Charles D. Laird. Ex. 1004, 1. 
Petitioner argues that McCloskey is a prior art printed publication because it 
was published in BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS in 2007, as indicated on the cover 
of McCloskey. Pet. 29 (citing Ex. 1004, 1; Ex. 1028). Exhibit 1028 does 
not support Petitioner’s assertion regarding McCloskey and appears to have 
been prepared for another matter. See Pet. Reply 3 n.2 (“The Petition 
inadvertently included an incorrect declaration from Dr. Hall-Ellis. See 
EX1028.”). 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner failed to establish McCloskey is, 
in fact, prior art to ’981.” PO Resp. 18 (citing Standard Innovation Corp. v. 
Lelo, Inc., No. IPR2014-00148, Paper 41 at 18–28 (Apr. 23, 2015); 
Dropbox, Inc. v. Synchronoss Techs., No. IPR2016-00850, Paper 41 at 
18–23 (Oct. 5, 2016)). Patent Owner does not explain how Petitioner 
allegedly failed to prove McCloskey is prior art. Instead, Patent Owner 
implies, via its description of Standard Innovation’s holding, that Petitioner 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
16 
failed to prove that McCloskey is what it has been represented to be or that it 
was actually published in 2007. PO Resp. 18. 
With its Reply, Petitioner submitted a second declaration from the 
same witness who executed the inadvertently included Exhibit 1028, i.e., 
Sylvia Hall-Ellis, Ph.D. Ex. 1065. In her second declaration, Dr. Hall-Ellis 
includes an Exhibit A, which she testifies includes a copy of McCloskey that 
she obtained from Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering & Technology. 
Id. ¶¶43–50, “Exhibit A.” Dr. Hall-Ellis testifies that McCloskey is the 
article it appears to be, was published in BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS in 2007, 
and was received by Linda Hall Library by January 3, 2008, at the latest. Id. 
¶¶43–50. 
Patent Owner filed a Motion to Exclude the second Hall-Ellis 
declaration (Ex. 1065) and McCloskey (Ex. 1004). PO Mot. To Exclude. 
With respect to the second Hall-Ellis declaration, Patent Owner 
objected to its admissibility on the basis that, among other things, it “should 
have been served, but was not, as supplemental evidence within ten business 
days of [Patent Owner] 10x’s timely objection under 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.64(b)(2).” Paper 23, 3. Relatedly, Patent Owner had previously 
objected -- on October 27, 2023 -- to McCloskey as allegedly 
unauthenticated, undated (absent hearsay), and thus irrelevant as not a prior 
art printed publication as to the challenged claims. Paper 11, 1–2. 
Clearly, the second Hall-Ellis declaration is offered to prove that 
McCloskey is a prior art printed publication. See, e.g., Ex. 1065 ¶50 (“In 
view of the foregoing, it is my opinion that [McCloskey] was publicly 
available no later than [January 3, 2008].”). Thus, the second Hall-Ellis 
declaration should have been served within ten business days of Patent 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
17 
Owner’s October, 27, 2023, objection to the admissibility of McCloskey. 
See 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(b)(2) (“The party relying on evidence to which an 
objection is timely served may respond to the objection by serving 
supplemental evidence within ten business days of service of the 
objection.”). Because it was not filed until March 29, 2024, Patent Owner’s 
Motion to Exclude is granted with respect to the second Hall-Ellis 
declaration. 
In its Opposition to the Motion to Exclude, Petitioner argues that, 
under Hulu LLC v. Sound View Innovations, LLC, No. IPR2018-01039, 
Paper 29 (Dec. 20, 2019) (precedential), it was allowed to wait until its 
Reply to file the second Hall-Ellis declaration. Paper 37, 1–2. The Board in 
Hulu does state that, “if the patent owner challenges a reference’s status as a 
printed publication, a petitioner may submit a supporting declaration with its 
reply to further support its argument that a reference qualifies as a printed 
publication.” Hulu, at 15 (37 C.F.R. § 42.23). However, the Board’s 
statement was referring to the scope of permissible reply arguments under 
37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b). See Hulu at 14 (quoting 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b)’s 
requirement that “[a] reply may only respond to arguments raised in the 
corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary response, or patent 
owner response”). The Board in Hulu does not purport to interpret 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64 or even discuss supplemental evidence. Petitioner clearly 
missed the deadline imposed by 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(b)(2), which was 
triggered by Patent Owner’s October 27, 2023, objection to McCloskey. 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is granted with respect to the second 
Hall-Ellis declaration (i.e., Ex. 1065). 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
18 
Despite the exclusion of the second Hall-Ellis declaration, there is 
ample evidence in the record demonstrating that McCloskey is a prior art 
printed publication. McCloskey itself states: “Received: 31 January 2007 / 
Accepted: 29 May 2007 / Published online: 23 October 2007.” Ex. 1004, 1. 
McCloskey additionally states that it was published in a 2007 print issue of 
“Biochem Genet,” with Petitioner adding that the full name of the journal is 
BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS and that McCloskey was published in a December 
2007 volume of the journal. Id.; Pet. 29. McCloskey also includes a 
copyright notice by “Springer Science+Business Media, LLC” with a date of 
date of 2007. Ex. 1004, 1. Patent Owner argues that this is unreliable 
hearsay that should be excluded. PO Mot. To Exclude 4 (citing Neste Oil 
Oyj v. REG Synthetic Fuels, LLC, No. IPR2013-00578, Paper 53 at 5–7 
(Mar. 12, 2015); Standard Innovation Corp. v. Lelo, Inc., No. IPR2014-
00148, Paper 423 at 13–18, 21–22 (Apr. 23, 2015)). We are not persuaded 
by Patent Owner’s argument or its reliance on these cases. The facts before 
us are different. 
In Neste Oil, the Board “note[d] that the alleged ‘stamps’ of Exhibits 
1125 and 1132 are actually handwritten dates, added to the documents by an 
unknown person at an unknown time.” Neste Oil, Paper 53 at 6. In contrast, 
the dates relied upon by Petitioner are printed, appear to have been included 
at the time of printing, and appear to have been printed by, or at the direction 
 
3 Patent Owner actually cited to “Pap.41” of Standard Innovation. PO 
Mot. To Exclude 4. There is no Paper 41 in the record of that case. We 
presume Patent Owner intended to cite Paper 42, which is the final written 
decision in that case. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
19 
of, the journal and/or copyright holder, both of which are identified by 
McCloskey. Ex. 1004, 1. 
In Standard Innovation, the alleged prior art exhibits were “printouts 
of … webpages” bearing a copyright indication of “© 2003-2013,” which 
the petitioner argued was proof of subset of the webpages being 
disseminated publicly in 2003. Standard Innovation, Paper 42 at 13. This is 
a far cry from McCloskey, which is a journal article and which includes 
specific date information, not only of publishing, but also of the dates the 
journal received and accepted the article for publication as well as the date 
of copyright. Ex. 1004, 1. 
That McCloskey is what it purports to be (a journal article) and that it 
was published in 2007 are corroborated by multiple pieces of evidence. 
McCloskey names four authors, all four of whom are named inventors 
of US 2007/0020640 A1, published Jan. 25, 2007 (“McCloskey ’640”). 
Ex. 1004, 1, Ex. 2001, code (76). Patent Owner concedes that McCloskey 
and McCloskey ’640 involve the same subject matter, having argued that 
the consideration of McCloskey ’640 supported discretionary denial of 
the Petition based on McCloskey. See, e.g., Prelim. Resp. 22 
(“Petitioner’s secondary reference, an article by McCloskey, is at best 
cumulative of the far more detailed McCloskey ’640, which was raised by 
the Office and substantively discussed as the basis for a potential rejection 
using its asserted disclosure of a polynucleotide-specific tag—the same 
purported teaching for which Petitioner relies on McCloskey here.”). 
Notably, McCloskey ’640 was published on January 25, 2007. Ex. 2001, 
code (43). That is just days before McCloskey was received by 
BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS on January 31, 2007. See EX. 1004, 1 (“Received: 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
20 
31 January 2007 / Accepted: 29 May 2007 / Published online: 23 October 
2007”). In other words, it appears that the authors sought to have their 
research published in a scientific journal promptly after the subject matter of 
their research had been published by the Office. 
Further, the existence of McCloskey and its publication year of 2007 
is confirmed by other sources in the record. See Ex. 1029, code (56) (United 
States Patent identifying as a cited reference: “McCloskey, et al. Encoding 
Pcr products with batch-stamps and barcodes. Biochem Genet. Dec. 
2007;45(11-12):761-7. Epub Oct. 23, 2007.”); Ex. 1053, code (56) (same); 
Ex. 1060 (article’s bibliography citing “McCloskey ML, Stöger R, Hansen 
RS, Laird CD. Encoding PCR products with batch-stamps and barcodes. 
Biochem. Genet 2007;45:761–767. [PubMed: 17955361]”). 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is denied with respect to 
McCloskey (i.e., Ex. 1004). 
In sum, Petitioner has shown that McCloskey is a printed publication 
as of 2007 and, thus, prior art to the challenged claims of the ’981 patent. 
III. 
Ground I (Claims 1–4 and 6) 
A. Claim 1 
Petitioner argues that claim 1 would have been obvious over 
Linnarsson and McCloskey. Pet. 37–59. 
In mapping the prior art to claim 1, the Petition breaks the claim into 
nine portions and organizes its arguments accordingly. See Pet. 37–59 
(addressing limitations labeled by Petitioner as [1A] through [1I]). We 
largely follow suit. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
21 
1. “A method of analyzing nucleic acids from a plurality of single 
cells, the method comprising” 
Neither party argues that the preamble is a limitation. Nonetheless, 
Petitioner demonstrates that Linnarsson teaches a method of analyzing 
nucleic acids from a plurality of single cells. Pet. 37. Indeed, as pointed out 
by Petitioner, Linnarsson teaches “methods and compositions for the 
analysis of gene expression in single cells or in a plurality of single cells.” 
Ex. 1003, 9:23–25 (quoted at Pet. 37). As further pointed by Petitioner, 
Linnarsson teaches one embodiment involving the following steps: 
(A) the tissue of interest is dissected; (B) a plurality of single 
cells are selected; (C) single cells are placed in separate wells of 
a 96-well plate and lysed; tagged reverse transcription is 
performed on each sample to produce cDNA; (D) cDNA samples 
are pooled and amplified; (E) sequencing is performed to obtain 
100 million reads; and (F) identification of expressed genes and 
identification of cells from which they originated. 
Ex. 1003, 4:8–13 (quoted at Pet 37). Patent Owner does not dispute that 
Linnarsson teaches the preamble of claim 1. See generally PO Resp. We 
are persuaded that it does. 
2. “providing a sample comprising a plurality of single 
cells, wherein each single cell of the plurality of single 
cells comprises a plurality of sample polynucleotides” 
For this limitation, Petitioner relies on Linnarsson alone. See Pet. 38 
(“Linnarsson discloses this claim element.”). Patent Owner does not dispute 
that Linnarsson teaches this limitation. See generally PO Resp. We are 
persuaded that it does in view of what we have already block-quoted above 
in our discussion of the preamble, as well as additional excerpts cited by 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
22 
Petitioner. See Pet. 38–39 (citing Ex. 1003, 3:26–30, 4:8–11, 13:11–12, 
13:28. 22:22–23). 
3. “generating a plurality of tagged polynucleotides from 
the plurality of sample polynucleotides” 
For this limitation, Petitioner relies on Linnarsson alone. See Pet. 39 
(“Linnarsson discloses this claim element.”). Patent Owner does not dispute 
that Linnarsson teaches this limitation. See generally PO Resp. We are 
persuaded that it does in view of what we have already block-quoted above 
in our discussion of the preamble, as well as additional excerpts cited by 
Petitioner. 
For example, Petitioner quotes Linnarsson’s disclosure that, “[a]s the 
tag is present in the CDS and/or the TSO it will be incorporated into the 
cDNA during its synthesis and can therefore act as a ‘barcode’ to identify 
the cDNA.” Ex. 1003, 19:4–7 (quoted at Pet. 40–41). Petitioner also relies 
on various figures of Linnarsson, including Figures 3, 4, and 11. Pet. 41–43. 
Figure 3 of Linnarsson is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 3 of Linnarsson above “shows an example of a template switching 
oligonucleotide [or TSO] comprising a 5' amplification primer sequence 
(APS), a cell tag and a 3' sequence for template switching.” Ex. 1003, 
4:15–16 (emphasis added). 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
23 
Figure 4 of Linnarsson is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 4 of Linnarsson above “shows an example of a cDNA synthesis 
primer (CDS) comprising a 5' amplification primer sequence (APS), a cell 
tag and a 3' RNA complementary sequence (RCS).” Ex. 1003, 4:17–18 
(emphasis added). 
Panel B of Figure 11 of Linnarsson is reproduced below. 
 
Panel B of Figure 11 of Linnarsson above “shows a template switching 
step,” in which a “[b]arcoded helper oligo anneals transiently, and cDNA 
synthesis proceeds using the oligo as template.” Ex. 1003, 5:31–33. “As a 
consequence, the 3' end of the cDNA will carry barcode (XXXX), BtsCI 
recognition (Bts) and primer annealing (Pr) sequences.” Ex. 1003, 5:33–6:1 
(emphasis added). 
Linnarsson clearly teaches “generating a plurality of tagged 
polynucleotides from the plurality of sample polynucleotides.” 
4. “wherein each tagged polynucleotide comprises: a 
sequence from a sample polynucleotide of the plurality 
of sample polynucleotides” 
For this limitation, Petitioner relies on Linnarsson alone. See Pet. 44 
(“Linnarsson discloses this claim element.”). Patent Owner does not dispute 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
24 
that Linnarsson teaches this limitation. See generally PO Resp. We are 
persuaded that it does in view of what we have already block-quoted above 
in our discussion of the preamble (i.e., “tagged reverse transcription is 
performed on each sample to produce cDNA” and “cDNA samples are 
pooled and amplified”) as well as Figure 2 as explained by Dr. Cooper. 
Figure 2 “shows the synthesis of cDNA by template switching.” 
Ex. 1003, 4:14. Dr. Cooper testifies in connection with Figure 2 that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art “would have understood that one strand of 
the resulting double-stranded cDNA would be identical to the sequence of 
the sample mRNA because a cDNA synthesized from a sample mRNA 
comprises the same sample sequence,” except that the cDNA would employ 
thymine wherever mRNA employed uracil. Ex. 1002 ¶152. As for the 
noted exception, Dr. Cooper testifies that “[t]he presence of thymine in the 
cDNA indicates the presence of uracil in the mRNA, thus preserving the 
sequence information,” and “convey[ing] the same genetic information.” Id. 
Patent Owner does not dispute this testimony. 
Linnarsson clearly teaches this limitation. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
25 
5. “wherein each tagged polynucleotide comprises: . . . 
(ii) a multiplex identifier (MID) sequence comprising: 
I. a first tag sequence associated with the single cell 
from which the sample polynucleotide is derived, 
wherein the first tag sequence is a different sequence 
for different single cells in the plurality of single cells; 
and II. a second tag sequence distinguishing the sample 
polynucleotide from other sample polynucleotides 
derived from the same single cell” 
For brevity, we will refer to the above-quoted claim language, which 
the Petition breaks into limitations it labels [1E] and [1F], as the “dual-tag 
MID” limitation. 
This dual-tag MID limitation is the basis on which the ’981 claims 
were distinguished over Linnarsson during prosecution of the ’981 patent. 
See Ex. 1005, 215 (Patent Owner: “Linnarsson does not describe the ‘second 
tag sequence’ element in the claims.”), 238 (Examiner: “The closest prior 
art, Linnarsson (WO 2010/117620), does not teach or suggest generating a 
plurality of tagged polynucleotides comprising an identifier sequence of 
instant claim 1(ii), [which] comprises a first tag sequence, which 
distinguishes each single cell in a sample of a plurality of cells, and a second 
tag sequence, which distinguishes a sample polynucleotide from other 
sample polynucleotides derived from a single cell.”). 
To address the gap between Linnarsson and claim 1, Petitioner turns 
to McCloskey. Pet. 50. Petitioner persuasively argues that McCloskey 
teaches a MID with two tag sequences. See Pet. 51 (“As shown [in Ex. 
1004, Fig. 1A], McCloskey’s encoding oligonucleotide comprises two tag 
sequences: (1) a ‘batch-stamp’ sequence . . . to identify the experimental 
batch or genomic source (e.g., a single cell) and (2) a ‘barcode’ . . . to 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
26 
distinguish polynucleotide sequences “arising from different cell or allele 
copies.”). As noted by Petitioner, in McCloskey, “the batch-stamp, unique 
to each experiment, specifies the DNA source such as the patient or sample 
identification, and the date of reaction” and “the random barcode 
distinguishes among sequences arising from different cell or allele copies.” 
Pet. 51 (quoting Ex. 1004, 2). 
Figure 1A of McCloskey is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 1A of McCloskey above shows encoding oligonucleotide having 
“five distinct regions,” namely “a genomic target-binding site, a batch-
stamp, a barcode, a primer-binding site for PCR, and extra bases that serve 
as internal sentinels of recoding as well as tethering the oligonucleotide to 
itself.” Ex. 1004, 3. Thus, McCloskey clearly teaches a dual-tag MID. 
The Petition additionally relies on McCloskey for teaching “that the 
‘batch-stamps and barcodes [should] be used when amplifying irreplaceable 
DNAs and cDNAs for . . . single cell . . . analyses,’ and that its method of 
tagging applies ‘to single-stranded [DNA or] cDNA templates.’” Pet. 51 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
27 
(quoting Ex. 1004, 1–2).4 Based on these teachings and declaration 
testimony of Gregor Cooper, Ph.D., Petitioner persuasively argues that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would “would have understood that 
McCloskey’s reference to ‘different cell or allele copies’ encompasses 
cDNA (i.e., sample polynucleotides) from single cell experiments.” Id. at 51 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶65, 184; Ex. 1004, 1–2). 
Ultimately, Petitioner argues that “[i]t would have been obvious to 
combine Linnarsson’s methods of cDNA library preparation and analyzing 
tagged nucleic acids with McCloskey’s teachings to use a MID (i.e., 
encoding oligonucleotide) comprising a second tag sequence that 
distinguishes sample polynucleotides derived from the same single cell.” 
Pet. 52. That modification, according to Petitioner, would have been to 
“conceptually divide each of Linnarsson’s cell-tag sequence into two 
portions, wherein the first portion performs the function of McCloskey’s 
‘batch-stamp,’, used to track individual cells, and the second portion 
performs the function of McCloskey’s ‘barcode’, used to differentiate 
polynucleotides within a cell.” Ex. 1002 ¶192. 
We are persuaded that such a modification would have resulted in the 
claimed subject matter, including the use of a dual-tag MID. Further, and as 
discussed below, we are persuaded that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have had a sufficient reason to make the modification and a 
reasonable expectation of success in doing so. 
 
4 The Petition cites to pages 1 and 5 of Exhibit 1004 for these quotes. 
Pet. 51. However, we located the quotes on pages 1 and 2. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
28 
6. “sequencing the plurality of tagged polynucleotides to 
obtain a plurality of identified polynucleotide 
sequences” 
For this limitation, Petitioner relies on Linnarsson alone. See Pet. 56 
(“Linnarsson discloses this claim element.”). Patent Owner argues that 
Petitioner has not met its burden to show that Linnarsson teaches this 
limitation. PO Resp. 22–26. We turn to Petitioner’s arguments first, 
followed by those of Patent Owner. 
Petitioner argues that “Linnarsson teaches that after generating the 
tagged polynucleotides, ‘sequencing is performed’ thereon.” Pet. 57 
(quoting Ex. 1003, 4:12). Petitioner directs us to additional portions of 
Linnarsson that discuss sequencing, including its teaching that the generated 
“cDNA library can be sequenced to provide an analysis of gene expression 
in single cells or in a plurality of single cells.” Ex. 1003, 21:24–25 (cited at 
Pet. 57); see also Ex. 1003, 19:28–32, 21:13–25 (cited at Pet. 57). 
Patent Owner argues, however, that Petitioner fails to meets its burden 
as to the “sequencing” limitation. This is so, according to Patent Owner, 
because Petitioner failed to show that Linnarsson discloses an unreasonably 
narrow construction of the limitation, which Patent Owner itself disavows. 
Patent Owner’s position, which we explain in more detail below, is a curious 
one. It is not persuasive. 
In the Patent Owner Response, Patent Owner argued that Petitioner 
has not shown that Linnarsson teaches sequencing the entirety of cDNA 
molecules and has shown only that Linnarsson teaches sequencing of 
fragments of the cDNA molecules. See PO Resp. 23 (“Linnarsson 
repeatedly discloses that the tagged sequences are fragmented, and that only 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
29 
the 5' fragment is sequenced.”), 24 (“Petitioner’s own citations fail to show 
Linnarsson discloses sequencing the entirety of the ‘tagged polynucleo-
tide.’”). Petitioner replied that Patent Owner’s argument was based on a 
new construction and one that it notably “did not seek it in parallel district 
court proceedings.” Pet. Reply 3–4 (citing Ex. 10585). In its Sur-Reply and 
at the hearing, Patent Owner explicitly disavowed any construction that 
would require sequencing tagged polynucleotides in their entirety. See PO 
Sur-Reply 8–9 (Patent Owner stating that its prior arguments are “[f]ar from 
construing the claims to require sequencing the entirety of the tagged 
polynucleotides.” (brackets and internal quotation marks omitted)); Tr. 
50:1–4 (Counsel for Patent Owner: “With respect to the scope of the claims 
and sequencing -- the sequencing limitation, we are not asking for 
construction that the claims require sequencing the entire polynucleotide. 
We aren’t construing the claims to require that the entire polynucleotide is 
sequenced.”). 
Nevertheless, Patent Owner maintains that Petitioner failed to prove 
that Linnarsson teaches the “sequencing” limitation. According to Patent 
Owner, (1) Petitioner originally took the position that Linnarsson satisfies 
the “sequencing” limitation by virtue of it allegedly sequencing the entire 
lengths of tagged polynucleotides; (2) Linnarsson does actually sequence the 
entire lengths of tagged polynucleotides; and (3) Petitioner, in its Reply, 
pivoted to arguing that Linnarsson satisfies the “sequencing” limitation by 
 
5 Exhibit 1058 is a Joint Claim Construction Brief filed December 7, 
2023, in the related lawsuit, 10x Genomics v. Parse Biosciences, Inc., 
22-cv-01117 (D. Del.). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
30 
virtue of it sequencing fragments of tagged polynucleotides. PO Sur-Reply 
8–9. Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner’s new reply theory should be 
rejected.” Id. at 9. We disagree with Patent Owner’s characterization of 
Petitioner’s arguments. 
Petitioner never argued that the “sequencing” limitation requires 
sequencing tagged polynucleotides in their entirety. Nor did Petitioner 
assert that Linnarsson sequences tagged and unfragmented cDNA molecules 
in their entirety. In any event, the evidence cited by Petitioner, in its 
Petition, that Linnarsson teaches “sequencing the plurality of tagged 
polynucleotides to obtain a plurality of identified polynucleotide sequences,” 
as recited in claim 1, is robust. Pet. 57 (citing Ex. 1003, 4:8–13, 19:28–32, 
21:13–25). We are persuaded that Linnarsson teaches this limitation. 
7. “using the first tag sequence to correlate the identified 
polynucleotide sequence with the single cell from which 
the identified polynucleotide sequence is derived; and 
[]using the second tag sequence to correlate the 
identified polynucleotide sequence with the sample 
polynucleotide from which the identified polynucleotide 
sequence is derived.” 
For brevity, we will refer to the above-quoted claim language, which 
the Petition breaks into limitations it labels [1H] and [1I], as the “correlate” 
limitations. 
Petitioner argues that the “correlate” limitations are satisfied by the 
proposed modification of Linnarsson in view of McCloskey. Pet. 57–59. In 
explaining its case, Petitioner starts by arguing that Linnarsson alone 
satisfies the “first tag … correlate” limitation because Linnarsson’s native 
tag tracks a polynucleotide to its source cell. Pet. 57 (citing Ex. 1003, 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
31 
19:5–11). Petitioner then proposes a modification in which Linnarsson’s 
native tag would be “conceptually divide[d] . . . into two portions, wherein 
the first portion performs the function of McCloskey’s ‘batch-stamp,’, used 
to track individual cells, and the second portion performs the function of 
McCloskey’s ‘barcode’, used to differentiate polynucleotides within a cell.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶192 (cited at Pet. 56). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner inconsistently maps the first and 
second tags in the proposed modification to what they must be used “to 
correlate,” as recited in claim 1. PO Resp. 26. Specifically, Patent Owner 
points out that “Petitioner maps the ‘first tag sequence’ . . . to Linnarsson’s 
‘cell-tag,’” but then “abandon[s] Linnarsson’s relied-on existing cell-tag . . . 
and rel[ies] on a modified version that functions like McCloskey’s batch-
stamp as the ‘first tag sequence.’” Id. at 26–27. Patent Owner characterizes 
Petitioner’s modification as an attempt to “rely on disclosure in one 
reference to cover a limitation, and then reverse course and rely on 
disclosure from another reference to modify that same limitation when it 
appears later.” Id. at 28. This argument is not persuasive. Petitioner is not 
reversing course from reliance on Linnarsson’s native tag. Rather, its 
proposal is to modify the native Linnarsson tag “into two portions, wherein 
the first portion performs the function of McCloskey’s ‘batch-stamp,’, used 
to track individual cells, and the second portion performs the function of 
McCloskey’s ‘barcode’, used to differentiate polynucleotides within a cell.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶192. 
Patent Owner also argues that “Petitioner never explains how 
McCloskey’s batch-stamp disclosure actually functions as a cell tag.” PO 
Resp. 28. This is fatal to Petitioner’s case, according to Patent Owner, 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
32 
because McCloskey’s “batch-stamp distinguishes between nucleic acids 
arising from all the cells in the sample (batch), on one hand, and the 
contaminant nucleic acids arising from cells from different, prior samples 
(other batches with different batch-stamps) or other contaminant nucleic 
acids (with no batch-stamp), on the other hand.” Id. (citing Ex. 1004, 3–4; 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶99, 103). This argument is not persuasive for a couple of 
reasons. 
First, Patent Owner’s factual premise regarding McCloskey is 
incorrect. Nothing in McCloskey precludes a “sample” from being a single 
cell. In fact, as Petitioner notes in its Reply, McCloskey teaches that its 
methods can be used for “single cell” analyses. Pet. Reply 9–10; Ex. 1004, 
7 (“We recommend that batch-stamps and barcodes be used when 
amplifying irreplaceable DNAs and cDNAs for forensic, clinical, single cell, 
and ancient DNA analyses.”). 
Second, and more importantly, Petitioner does not rely on McCloskey 
for teaching a cell-specific tag. Petitioner cites Linnarsson for that feature, 
and Linnarsson does teach it. Pet. 47–49; see, e.g., Ex. 1003, Fig. 3 
(labeling “Cell-tag”), 19:9–10 (“the tag can be used to identify which single 
cell from each cDNA sample originated”). 
We are persuaded that the proposed modification of Linnarsson in 
view of McCloskey satisfies both “correlate” limitations. 
8. Reason To Combine 
“[A] patent composed of several elements is not proved obvious 
merely by demonstrating that each of its elements was, independently, 
known in the prior art.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 418 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
33 
(2007). “[I]t can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted 
a person of ordinary skill in the relevant field to combine the elements in the 
way the claimed new invention does.” Id.; see also In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 
977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (“[R]ejections on obviousness grounds cannot be 
sustained by mere conclusory statements; instead, there must be some 
articulated reasoning with some rational underpinning to support the legal 
conclusion of obviousness”). 
Petitioner argues that “[i]t would have been obvious to combine 
Linnarsson’s methods of cDNA library preparation and analyzing tagged 
nucleic acids with McCloskey’s teachings to use a MID (i.e., encoding 
oligonucleotide) comprising a second tag sequence that distinguishes sample 
polynucleotides derived from the same single cell” and presents two 
rationales in support. Pet. 52. First, Petitioner argues that doing so would 
have been an “obvious design choice.” Id. Second, Petitioner argues a 
skilled artisan would have made the combination because Linnarsson 
discloses a problem, PCR-induced amplification bias, for which McCloskey 
teaches a solution. Id. at 53. As discussed below, we find each of these 
rationales independently sufficient to support the proposed modification. 
a) Obvious Design Choice 
The Supreme Court has “set forth an expansive and flexible approach” 
to “the question of obviousness” under 35 U.S.C. § 103. KSR, 550 U.S. at 
415. In KSR, the Supreme Court held the following: 
When a work is available in one field of endeavor, design 
incentives and other market forces can prompt variations of it, 
either in the same field or a different one. If a person of ordinary 
skill can implement a predictable variation, § 103 likely bars its 
patentability. For the same reason, if a technique has been used 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
34 
to improve one device, and a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would recognize that it would improve similar devices in the 
same way, using the technique is obvious unless its actual 
application is beyond his or her skill. [The relevant question is] 
whether the improvement is more than the predictable use of 
prior art elements according to their established functions. 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417; see also Uber Techs., Inc. v. X One, Inc., 957 F.3d 
1334, 1338 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (quoting the same excerpt from KSR and 
referring to it as a “discussion of design choices and predictable variations”). 
Here, Petitioner argues that “using a MID comprising a second tag to 
distinguish sample polynucleotides derived from the same single cell [in 
Linnarsson] would have been an obvious design choice” in view of 
McCloskey’s teaching and the fact that both references relate to tagging and 
amplifying polynucleotides for genetic analysis. Pet. 52 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶187, 192). Indeed, Linnarsson teaches the use of an encoding 
oligonucleotide with one tag sequence for correlating tagged polynucleotides 
according to one feature (cell origin), and McCloskey teaches the use of an 
encoding oligonucleotide with two tag sequences for correlating tagged 
polynucleotides according to two features (sample origin and 
polynucleotide). Ex. 1003, 4; Ex. 1004, 2. 
Patent Owner does not show that the proposed modification would 
have been beyond the level of skill in the art. Nor does Patent Owner show 
that the modification would have resulted in anything beyond what would 
have been predicted based on these prior art teachings. In fact, the Patent 
Owner Response does not even address Petitioner’s design choice rationale. 
PO Resp. 33–40. 
We find Petitioner’s unrebutted rationale of obvious design choice 
persuasive. 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
35 
b) Solving Amplification Bias 
Although we find Petitioner’s “design choice” rationale adequate, we 
also address Petitioner’s additional rationale that a skilled artisan would 
have made the combination because Linnarsson discloses a problem, 
PCR-induced amplification bias, for which McCloskey teaches a solution. 
Pet. 53 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶188–191; Ex. 1003, 2:3–15, 11:6–10; Ex. 1004, 
Abstract). Indeed, Linnarsson explicitly states “there is potential 
amplification bias” in its described methods. Ex. 1003, 2:12–13; see also id. 
at 11:6–10 (describing a way to reduce the amount of amplification needed 
and thus also reduce the amount amplification bias). And, McCloskey 
teaches that its method of using batch-stamps and barcodes “solve[s] th[e] 
source-uncertainty problem for DNA sequences generated by standard 
PCR,” which can be caused by “contamination, biased amplification, and 
product redundancy.” Ex. 1004, Abstr. 
Patent Owner argues that the amplification bias rationale “[f]ails” 
because the proposed modification would not actually solve the problem of 
amplification bias. PO Resp. 33. This is so, Patent Owner explains, because 
“McCloskey does not have enough barcodes to tag each mRNA molecule of 
Linnarsson.” Id. (emphasis omitted). Thus, according to Patent Owner, it 
“would be impossible, using McCloskey’s 7-nucleotide barcode (amounting 
to only 16,348 unique barcodes), to distinguish the 50,000–300,000 mRNA 
molecules Petitioner admits POSITA would have expected to be present in 
the cell.” Id. at 34. 
Petitioner replies that (1) Linnarsson is not limited to mammalian 
cells, (2) neither the claims of the ’981 patent nor Petitioner’s rationale 
requires all of the mRNAs present in a cell to be tagged, and (3) 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
36 
McCloskey’s disclosure is not limited to 16,384 unique barcodes. Pet. 
Reply. 11–13. We agree with Petitioner on all accounts as discussed below. 
i. 
Linnarsson is not Limited to Mammalian Cells 
Petitioner argues that neither the claims of the ’981 patent nor the 
disclosure of Linnarsson is limited to mammalian cells. Pet. Reply 11. 
Petitioner quotes Linnarsson’s disclosure that, “in general, cells from any 
population can be used in the methods, such as a population of prokaryotic 
or eukaryotic single celled organisms including bacteria or yeast.” Id. 
(quoting Ex. 1003, 13:14–16). Petitioner also cites to Dr. Cooper’s 
testimony regarding various bacteria that are known to contain less than 
5000 different mRNA molecules. Id. at 11–12 (citing Ex. 1059 ¶¶86–87). 
Patent Owner argues that “the Petition repeatedly relied on eukaryotic 
cells” from Linnarsson and thus it is improper for the Petitioner, in its Reply, 
to rely on yeast or bacteria.6 PO Sur-Reply 2 (citing Pet. 37–39, 41–48). 
We disagree. The Petition’s discussion of the cells in Linnarsson was not 
limited to mammals or even to eukaryotes. Instead, in multiple instances, 
the Petition discusses the cells in Linnarsson generically without limiting 
them to any particular kingdom (e.g., animals, yeast, bacteria) or class (e.g. 
mammals). See, e.g., Pet. 37 (“Linnarsson discloses a method of analyzing 
nucleic acids from a plurality of single cells: the ‘present invention provides 
methods and compositions for the analysis of gene expression in single cells 
or in a plurality of single cells.’” (quoting Ex. 1003, 9:23–25)), 38 
 
6 Patent Owner’s argument is not factually persuasive. Also, it is not 
logical given that yeast is eukaryotic. See Ex. 1057, 131:6–7 (Patent 
Owner’s declarant, John Quackenbush, Ph.D., testifying on cross-
examination that yeast is eukaryotic). 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
37 
(“Linnarsson explains that the sample of single cells can take various 
forms.” (citing Ex. 1003, 13:11–12)). In fact, we reviewed the Petition for 
the words “mammal,” “mammalian,” “eukaryote,” and “eukaryotic” and 
could not locate any of them. 
Linnarsson is not limited to mammalian cells. Nor is the Petition’s 
reliance on Linnarsson limited to mammalian cells. 
ii. 
Not all of the mRNAs Present in a Cell must be Tagged 
Petitioner argues that, “even assuming the claims required tagging 
mRNA from a mammalian cell, they do not require tagging all the mRNA 
molecules in such a cell.” Pet. Reply 12. Patent Owner concedes that the 
’981 patent claims do not require tagging all of the polynucleotides (e.g., 
mRNA) but maintains that Petitioner’s obviousness challenge does. 
PO Sur-Reply 5; see also Tr. at 33:10–11 (“The claims don’t require this, 
but their theory does.”). Patent Owner’s lead argument in support of its 
characterization of the Petition states the following: “Petitioner argued 
POSITA would have been motivated to tag ‘each’ sample polynucleotide to 
resolve amplification bias.” PO Sur-Reply 5 (citing Pet. 53–55). 
We reviewed pages 53 through 55 of the Petition for every occurrence 
of the quoted word “each.” It appears a total of four times over the cited 
pages. The first two occurrences are not relevant. See Pet. 54 (“each cell,” 
“each single cell”). The third and fourth occurrence both state “each sample 
polynucleotide.” Id. at 54–55. 
During the hearing, counsel for Patent Owner acknowledged that the 
Petition proposed tagging each sample polynucleotide prior to amplification, 
but then immediately and confusingly suggested it does not. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
38 
MR. BAUGHMAN: . . . If you look at Petition page 54 and, Your 
Honor, if you want to turn there I’ll wait until the people pull it 
up. It’s Paper 1, page 54 of the Petition. 
JUDGE FITZPATRICK: I’m there. I’m there now. 
MR. BAUGHMAN: Okay. Midway down the page on the right 
it says Linnarsson attempts to address the problem of 
amplification a certain way. Then at the bottom of that paragraph 
it says this approach only reduces amplification bias, it does not 
actually solve the problem. McCloskey, however, provides the 
exact solution. And it’s by incorporating a tag that uniquely 
identifies each sample polynucleotide prior to amplification. It 
doesn’t say in the sample. It says each polynucleotide prior to 
amplification. McCloskey solves it. That’s their theory. That’s 
what we responded to, and it is unfair to come up with some new 
theory now that we don’t have an expert to talk about. 
Tr. 35:3–16 (emphasis added). 
It is clear enough to us that Petitioner argued that a skilled artisan 
would have modified Linnarsson in view of McCloskey in order to solve the 
problem of amplification bias, “[b]y incorporating a second tag in an 
oligonucleotide that uniquely identifies each sample polynucleotide prior to 
amplification,” and thus not every polynucleotide that might be present. Pet. 
54 (emphasis added). Further, Dr. Cooper testified that a person of ordinary 
skill “could conceptually divide each of Linnarsson’s cell-tag sequence into 
two portions, wherein . . . the second portion performs the function of 
McCloskey’s ‘barcode’, used to differentiate polynucleotides within a cell.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶192 (emphasis added). Consistent with the Petition, Dr. Cooper 
does not state that all polynucleotides within a cell must be differentiated. 
Neither the claims of the ’981 patent nor Petitioner’s rationale 
requires all of the mRNAs present in a cell to be tagged. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
39 
iii. 
McCloskey is not Limited to 16,384 Unique Barcodes 
Petitioner argues that McCloskey’s disclosure is not limited to 16,384 
barcodes. Pet. Reply 13. Petitioner is correct, as McCloskey states the 
following: 
Barcode 
The number of distinguishable barcodes in a population of 
oligonucleotides used in a reaction is determined by the number 
of random bases, n. This enables one to distinguish among 4n 
allele copies per reaction. We currently use seven nucleotides 
for the barcode, giving 16,384 possible barcodes for each 
encoding oligonucleotide. 
Ex. 1004, 4. Not only is McCloskey not limited to 16,384 possible 
barcodes, it teaches precisely how to manipulate that number as needed. Id. 
In fact, McCloskey’s authors/researchers stress that using seven nucleotides 
is what they “currently use.” Id. 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner does not dispute that McCloskey 
teaches how to increase the number of possible barcodes. Instead, Patent 
Owner argues that the Petition relied on using seven nucleotides for the 
barcode and that using more nucleotides for the barcodes constitutes a “new 
argument” that “should have been ‘presented earlier…to make out a prima 
facie case of unpatentability.’” PO Sur-Reply 6–7 (quoting Juniper 
Networks, Inc. v. Swarm Tech. LLC, No. IPR2021-01445, Paper 62, at 
28–29 (PTAB Feb. 7, 2023)). 
We disagree. Petitioner’s argument that the barcode size could be 
increased as needed is based on McCloskey itself and is properly responsive 
to Patent Owner’s argument that 16,384 unique barcodes would not be 
enough. Although the Petition clearly proposes using seven nucleotides, the 
Petition did not make any statement that it must be seven. Further, the very 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
40 
reference Petitioner cites for the barcode feature, i.e., McCloskey, is clear 
that seven is not mandatory. Ex. 1004, 4. And, as Dr. Cooper’s testimony 
makes clear, Linnarsson’s native tag (which is conceptually divided into two 
portions per the modification) can be up to 20 nucleotides long and thus has 
sufficient space for a longer barcode. Ex. 1002 ¶192. 
Neither McCloskey nor Petitioner’s reliance on McCloskey is 
restricted to using barcodes that are seven nucleotides long. 
In sum, we find Petitioner’s rationale that a skilled artisan would have 
made the proposed combination to solve the problem of amplification bias 
persuasive. 
9. Reasonable Expectation of Success 
“[A]n obviousness determination requires not only the existence of a 
motivation to combine elements from different prior art references, but also 
that a skilled artisan would have perceived a reasonable expectation of 
success in making the invention via that combination.” Medichem, 437 F.3d 
at 1165. “While the definition of ‘reasonable expectation’ is somewhat 
vague, [Federal Circuit] case law makes clear that it does not require a 
certainty of success.” Id. 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in making the proposed 
modification because Linnarsson and McCloskey both teach adding 
oligonucleotides comprising a tag to polynucleotides, with the difference 
being that McCloskey’s oligonucleotide comprises two tag sequences, 
whereas Linnarsson’s has only one tag sequence. Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1003, 
19:5–10; Ex. 1004, 2); see also Ex. 1002 ¶192 (Dr. Cooper testifying that a 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
41 
person of ordinary skill in the art “would have found this difference to be 
trivial”). Petitioner argues that the person of ordinary skill in the art “would 
have understood that Linnarsson’s tagged oligonucleotides—CDS or TSO—
could be modified through routine methods to incorporate a second tag to 
uniquely identify each sample polynucleotide according to McCloskey’s 
teachings.” Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶192–193). According to Petitioner, 
the proposed modification “would be identical to the approach already set 
forth in Linnarsson, except that the tags in Linnarsson would be 
conceptually divided into two portions: one that codes for the unique cell 
and one that codes for the unique molecule.” Id. at 56 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶192). The cited testimony of Dr. Cooper indeed supports the argument. 
Ex. 1002 ¶92. 
Patent Owner argues that there would not have been a reasonable 
expectation of success “of tagging each sample polynucleotide—i.e., all the 
mRNA molecules in a sample—by incorporating McCloskey’s barcode into 
Linnarsson because McCloskey would not have provided enough unique 
barcodes to do so.” PO Resp. 40–41. Patent Owner also argues that there 
would not have been a reasonable expectation of success “of sequencing ‘the 
plurality of tagged nucleotides’ in [Petitioner’s] combination for the reasons 
described above in connection with the ‘sequencing’ limitation analysis.” 
Id. at 41. Neither of these are arguments is persuasive because, as discussed 
above, these arguments are based on erroneous claim constructions that 
neither party has advanced. 
Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
42 
of success in combining the teachings of Linnarsson and McCloskey as 
proposed and resulting in the subject matter of claim 1. 
10. Conclusion as to Claim 1 
We conclude that claim 1 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented.7 
B. Claims 2–4 and 6 
Claims 2, 3, 4, and 6 all depend from claim 1. Petitioner argues the 
proposed modification of Linnarsson in view of McCloskey, as already 
discussed above in relation to claim 1, includes each of the additional 
limitations recited in these dependent claims. Pet. 59–66. We address each 
claim below. 
1. Claim 2 
Claim 2 depends from claim 1 and recites “wherein the method 
further comprises amplifying the tagged polynucleotides prior to the 
sequencing step (c).” Ex. 1001, 30:49–51. For this limitation, Petitioner 
directs us to Linnarsson’s disclosure that tagged “cDNA samples are pooled 
and amplified” and then “sequencing is performed to obtain 100 million 
reads.” Ex. 1003, 4:11–12 (citied at Pet. 59). Patent Owner does not present 
any arguments specifically directed to claim 2, relying exclusively on its 
 
7 “[E]vidence rising out of the so-called ‘secondary considerations’ 
must always when present be considered en route to a determination of 
obviousness.” Stratoflex, Inc. v. Aeroquip Corp., 713 F.2d 1530, 1538 (Fed. 
Cir. 1983). The record before us, however, lacks any secondary 
considerations evidence. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
43 
dependence from claim 1. See PO Resp. 19–41 (arguing Ground 1 generally 
and not separately addressing claim 2). 
We conclude that claim 2 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
2. Claim 3 
Claim 3 depends from claim 1 and recites “wherein the sample 
polynucleotides are selected from DNA and RNA.” Ex. 1001, 30:52–53. 
For this limitation, Petitioner directs us to Linnarsson’s disclosure of sample 
polynucleotides being mRNA and McCloskey’s disclosure of sample 
polynucleotides being DNA. Pet. 60–61 (citing Ex. 1003, 3:26–27; Ex. 
1004, 1–2, 5). Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically 
directed to claim 3, relying exclusively on its dependence from claim 1. See 
PO Resp. 19–41 (arguing Ground 1 generally and not separately addressing 
claim 3). 
We conclude that claim 3 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
3. Claim 4 
Claim 4 depends from claim 3 and recites “wherein the sample 
polynucleotides comprise mRNA.” Ex. 1001, 30:53–54. For this limitation, 
Petitioner directs us to Linnarsson’s disclosure of sample polynucleotides 
being mRNA. Pet. 61 (referring back to analysis of claim 3). Patent Owner 
does not present any arguments specifically directed to claim 4, relying 
exclusively on its ultimate dependence from claim 1. See PO Resp. 19–41 
(arguing Ground 1 generally and not separately addressing claim 4). 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
44 
We conclude that claim 4 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
4. Claim 6 
Claim 6 depends from claim 1 and recites “wherein the tagged 
polynucleotides are generated through PCR or linear amplification of the 
plurality of sample polynucleotides using an adapter sequence comprising 
the MID sequence and an amplification primer.” Ex. 1001, 30:58–62. For 
this limitation, Petitioner first directs us to both references’ use of PCR in 
generating tagged polynucleotides. Pet. 62–63 (citing Ex. 1003, 10:18–22, 
20:3–6; Ex. 1004, 2–3). Petitioner also directs us to both references’ use of 
“(1) an adapter sequence comprising the MID sequence and (2) an 
amplification primer molecule.” Id. at 63; see also id. at 63–66 (citing 
Ex. 1003, 19:18–23, 21:20–22, Figs. 3–4; Ex. 1004, 2–4; Ex. 1002 
¶¶228–229). Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically 
directed to claim 6, relying exclusively on its dependence from claim 1. See 
PO Resp. 19–41 (arguing Ground 1 generally and not separately addressing 
claim 6). 
We conclude that claim 6 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
IV. 
Ground 2 (Claim 5) 
Claim 5 depends from claim 1 and recites: “wherein the tagged 
polynucleotides are generated through at least one ligation reaction.” Ex. 
1001, 30:56–57. 
Petitioner argues that claim 5 would have been obvious over 
Linnarsson, McCloskey, and the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
45 
the art because it would have been “a simple and obvious design choice with 
a reasonable expectation of success to introduce the[] tags by ligating an 
oligonucleotide comprising the tag sequences to Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO.” 
Pet. 66–67. This is so, according to Petitioner, because “it was well-known 
and routine in the art to attach tag sequences to other sequences by ligation.” 
Id. at 67 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶238). Petitioner additionally argues that the 
ordinarily skilled person “would have been motivated to utilize this design 
choice because it would allow for added flexibility in selecting tag 
sequences during an experiment.” Id. at 68 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶243). 
Petitioner argues that the ordinarily skilled person “would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in ligating a second sequence to 
Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO” because ligating sequences to polynucleotides 
was “well-known and routine” in the art. Id. at 67. 
A. Petitioner Adequately Articulated the Proposed Modification 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner fails to make clear what is 
allegedly ligated to the CDS or TSO—a second tag only, or both first and 
second tags?” PO Resp. 42. Patent Owner argues that the Petition’s 
reference to multiple “sequences” being ligated, “apparently refer[s] to both 
the first and second tag sequences being ligated to the CDS or TSO.” Id. 
(quoting Pet. 67). Patent Owner argues that this is confusing because 
“Linnarsson’s CDS and TSO already have a first tag[], and the CDS and 
TSO of Ground 1 already (according to Petitioner) have first and second 
tags.” Id. (citing Pet. 47–49, 55–56, 67, 68). 
 We disagree that Petitioner failed to clearly articulate the proposed 
modification in Ground 2. The Petition asserts, without any ambiguity, that 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
46 
the skilled artisan “would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
ligating a second sequence to Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO.” Pet. 67. Dr. 
Cooper’s testimony in support is also clear. 
Given that ligation was routine, conventional, and well-
known in the art, it is my opinion that a POSA would also have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in ligating an additional 
sequence to Linnarsson’s CDS and/or TSO. For example, a 
POSA would have found it routine and obvious to ligate a tag 
sequence by using a linker molecule, such as the method 
described in Hug’s 2003 article. 
Ex. 1002 ¶240 (citing Ex. 1007, 1). Further, the distinction between 
Ground 1 and Ground 2 is similarly clear. 
As discussed [in Ground 1], a POSA would have been 
motivated to adopt McCloskey’s teachings and modify 
Linnarsson’s design so that the tags include a first region, which 
could distinguish between different cells, and a second region, 
which could distinguish tagged polynucleotides originating from 
the same single-cell. Further, it would have been an obvious and 
a routine design choice with a reasonable expectation of success 
to carry out this modification by ligating an oligonucleotide 
comprising a second tag sequence to Linnarsson’s CDS and/or 
TSO. 
Ex. 1002 ¶237. 
Many of Patent Owner’s arguments are premised on a different 
modification than that which Petitioner proposes. See, e.g., PO Resp. 47 
(“Petitioner ignores that, per Petitioner’s Ground 1 arguments, its modified 
CDS and/or TSO from Ground 1 already contain(s) the two tags.[] 16 
POSITA would not have been motivated to add more tags (and more steps) 
when the CDS or TSO (according to Petitioner’s theory) already contain two 
tags.”), 47 (“To the extent Petitioner’s theory is that POSITA would have 
further modified its Ground 1 combination to remove the tag(s) from the 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
47 
Linnarsson/McCloskey CDS and/or TSO, ‘instead’ ligating the tags to the 
CDS or TSO after extension, that, too, fails.” (quoting Pet. 68)), 48 
(“Petitioner’s theory fails because removing allegedly-existing tags and then 
ligating new tags to Ground 1’s Linnarsson-based method would 
fundamentally alter its principle of operation.”). All such arguments are not 
persuasive as irrelevant. 
B. Petitioner Articulated Adequate Reasons to Support 
the Proposed Modification 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner’s sole purported justification for 
th[e] proposed modification is the conclusory assertion that ‘it would allow 
for added flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an experiment’.” PO 
Resp. 50 (quoting Pet. 68). That is not accurate. Petitioner also argues that 
ligating a second sequence to Linnarsson’s native CDS and/or TSO would 
have been “a simple and obvious design choice” and involve only “well-
known and routine” methods. Pet. 66–7. In fact, as pointed out by 
Petitioner (see Pet. Reply 18), the ’981 patent acknowledges that ligation 
was routine and conventional in the art, stating: 
The practice of the present invention may employ, unless 
otherwise indicated, conventional techniques and descriptions of 
organic chemistry, polymer technology, molecular biology 
(including recombinant techniques), cell biology, biochemistry, 
and immunology, which are within the skill of the art. Such 
conventional techniques include polymer array synthesis, 
hybridization, ligation, and detection of hybridization using a 
label. 
Ex. 1001, 13:32–39 (emphasis added); see also Ex. 1002 ¶238 (quoting the 
same). 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
48 
Patent Owner does not show that the proposed of modification would 
have been beyond the level of skill in the art. Nor does Patent Owner show 
that the modification would result in anything beyond what would have been 
predicted based on these prior art teachings. In fact, the Patent Owner 
Response does not even address Petitioner’s design choice rationale. PO 
Resp. 46–52. Patent Owner’s declarant, Dr. Quackenbush does “not 
contest[] that ligation was a well-known method of attaching 
oligonucleotides.” Ex. 1057, 187:23–25; see also id. at 188:17–8 (“I told 
you earlier ligation was a conventional technique.”).8 
As discussed above, Petitioner additional argues that a skilled artisan 
would have ligated the second sequence to the CDS and/or TSO for added 
flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an experiment. Pet. 68. 
Petitioner argues “this approach would be entirely equivalent to the method 
 
8 More broadly, during his cross-examination, Dr. Quackenbush could 
not describe anything he thought was “inventive” about the claims of the 
’981 patent, stating as follows: “I haven’t performed that analysis, so I 
would be hesitant to render an opinion today since it’s outside the scope of 
my report” (i.e., declaration). Ex. 1057, 203:6–204:5. Yet, in his 
declaration, Dr. Quackenbush implies a familiarity with the “invention” of 
the ’981 patent, including a section titled “The ’981 Patent’s Invention.” Ex. 
2013 ¶¶27–32. In that section, he testifies: “Until inventions such as the 
’981 Patent, most nucleotide sequencing was performed using 
polynucleotides (e.g., DNA or RNA) from a population of cells in a process 
called bulk analysis.” Id. ¶29 (emphasis added). Near the end of his 
declaration, Dr. Quackenbush “conclude[s] that each of the Challenged 
Claims is not invalid as obvious under 35 U.S.C. § 103.” Id. ¶107. The 
inventiveness (or not) of the claims of the ’981 patent was squarely within 
the scope of Dr. Quackenbush’s direct testimony. His refusal or inability, on 
cross-examination, to identify anything inventive about the claims reinforces 
our ultimate conclusion that they are unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103. 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
49 
already disclosed by the combination of Linnar[s]son and McCloskey 
[applied in Ground 1], except that instead of having the tag sequence be part 
of the CDS or TSO prior to extension, the tag sequences are added to the 
CDS or TSO after extension.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶243). 
Patent Owner argues that this rationale is unclear and conclusory. PO 
Resp. 50. However, we find this rationale sufficiently clear and not in need 
of further explanation. It is clear from the Petition that the “flexibility” is 
the option to add a second tag sequence later in the process and to possibly 
tailor its length (i.e., number of nucleotides) based on specific needs. Pet. 68 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶243). In the testimony cited by the Petition, Dr. Cooper 
explains: 
 
A POSA would have understood that such an approach, 
using ligation to add the tag sequences to the CDS and/or TSO, 
would have been entirely equivalent to the method disclosed by 
the combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey. The only 
difference is in the timing: with the combination of Linnarsson 
and McCloskey discussed [in Ground 1], the tag sequence is part 
of the CDS or TSO prior to extension whereas by using ligation, 
the tag sequence is added after extension. Using ligation to add 
the tag after extension would allow for increased flexibility in 
selecting tag sequences during an experiment. Thus, a POSA 
would have understood that using ligation was a routine choice 
and would have been motivated to use ligation because of the 
increased flexibility in tag choice. 
Ex. 1002 ¶243 (emphasis added). 
Patent Owner also argues that “Petitioner’s assertion that ligation 
‘would be entirely equivalent to the method already disclosed by 
Linnarsson’ negates any motivation to modify.” PO Resp. 51 (quoting 
Pet. 68; citing In re Schweickert, 676 F. App’x 988, 995 (Fed. Cir. 2017)). 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
50 
Patent Owner adds that its position “is especially true where, as here, the 
modification would add more steps and complexity to achieve only an 
‘equivalent’ method.” Id. (quoting Pet. 68; citing Weber, Inc. v. Provisur 
Techs., Inc., No. IPR2019-01461, Paper 36, at 42–43 (Feb. 10, 2021)). 
We are not persuaded by this argument nor by the cases Patent Owner 
cites. First, that a known technique or feature is equivalent to a limitation of 
a claim supports, not negates, the obviousness of substituting that technique 
or feature. See In re Fout, 675 F.2d 297, 301 (CCPA 1982) (“Because both 
[references] teach a method for separating caffeine from oil, it would have 
been prima facie obvious to substitute one method for the other. Express 
suggestion to substitute one equivalent for another need not be present to 
render such substitution obvious.”). Further, “just because better 
alternatives exist in the prior art does not mean that an inferior combination 
is inapt for obviousness purposes.” In re Mouttet, 686 F.3d 1322, 1334 
(Fed. Cir. 2012). 
What Patent Owner seems to be arguing is: why would a person of 
ordinary skill in the art substitute an equivalent technique or step (here, 
ligation) if it creates more complexity or work? The answer to that question 
is the flexibility that Petitioner identifies. Petitioner’s identification of that 
benefit renders Patent Owner’s reliance on Schweickert and Weber 
inapposite. 
In Schweickert, the Court vacated a Board decision concluding that 
application claims would have been obvious over two references. 
Schweickert, 676 F. App’x at 990. The Court vacated the Board’s decision 
for multiple reasons. See id. at 995 (“The Board’s decision is deficient in 
another respect. . . . We note one more shortcoming in the Board’s 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
51 
decision.”). One such reason was that the Board’s obviousness conclusion 
was based on a modification of a random-access-memory component that 
would “add unwanted cost and complexity to the system” without explaining 
any benefit of doing so. See id. (“Although [the Board] asserts that Birrell 
would have ‘benefitted from the advantages of . . . Cunniff’s semaphore 
mechanism,’ the Board did not explain why this is so.”). 
In Weber, as argued by Patent Owner (see PO Resp. 51), the Board 
concluded that a person of ordinary skill in the art would not have carried 
out the particular combination asserted by the petitioner because it would 
have introduced “needless complexity.” Weber, No. IPR2019-01461, Paper 
36, at 43. Weber is silent, however, as to whether the petitioner had 
identified a benefit despite introducing “needless complexity.” Id. at 42–43. 
If anything, the Board’s labeling the complexity “needless” suggests that the 
record lacked any identified benefit. Id. at 43. 
We find Petitioner’s rationale that a skilled artisan would have made 
the proposed combination because it was an obvious design choice based on 
the well-known and routine technique of ligating sequences to 
polynucleotides as well Petitioner’s identification of increased flexibility in 
selecting tag sequences during an experiment sufficient to support the 
proposed modification. 
C. Petitioner Has Demonstrated a Reasonable Expectation of Success 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in carrying out the proposed 
modification because ligating tags to polynucleotides was well-known and 
routine. Pet. 67. Petitioner argues that it could have been done, for 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
52 
example, by using a linker molecule, as such a method was known in the 
prior art. Id. at 67–68 (Ex. 1002 ¶¶240–243; Ex. 1007, 7–8; Ex. 1024, 5; Ex. 
1039, 1–2, Fig. 1; Ex. 1040 ¶¶71–75, 235–239, Fig. 2). The evidence 
Petitioner cites in support is Dr. Cooper’s testimony (Ex. 1002) along with 
four references that are not Linnarsson or McCloskey (Ex. 1007; Ex. 1024; 
Ex. 1039; Ex. 1040). Petitioner describes one of the four references in 
particular, arguing as follows: “A 2003 article (“Hug” [(Ex. 1007)]) 
discloses ligating tag sequences to a polynucleotide by hybridizing a linker 
to the target polynucleotide, which is designed to hybridize to another 
polynucleotide used as a MID such that the MID is then ligated to the target 
polynucleotide.” Pet. 67–68 (citing Ex. 1007, 8). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s reliance on Hug is “improper” 
and that a person of ordinary skill in the art could not ligate a second 
sequence onto Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO and achieve the subject matter of 
claim 5. PO Resp. 46, 53–61. 
Petitioner’s reliance on Hug and other references is not improper. 
Petitioner’s Ground 2 asserts that claim 5 would have been obvious over 
“Linnarsson in View of McCloskey, and Further in View of the Knowledge 
of a POSA.” Pet. 66 (emphasis added). Petitioner cited four references to 
support its argument that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
found ligating a sequence to a polynucleotide well-known and routine. Pet. 
67–68 (citing Ex. 1007, 7–8; Ex. 1024, 5; Ex. 1039, 1–2, Fig. 1; Ex. 1040 
¶¶71–75, 235–239, Fig. 2); see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶240–243 (Dr. Cooper 
testifying that ligation was “well-known, conventional, and routine” in the 
art); Ex. 1057, 187:23–25, 188:17–8 (Dr. Quackenbush agreeing that 
ligation was “well-known” and “conventional” in the art). 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
53 
Patent Owner argues that “the biotin on the CDS’s 5’ end would block 
ligation of tag(s) to the CDS.” PO Resp. 53.9 Patent Owner argues that, 
“[o]nce a biotin molecule is covalently bound to the end of these nucleic 
acids, it prevents any other molecule, including a nucleic acid tag, from 
being covalently bound to the end of the nucleic acid to which the biotin is 
already bound.” Id. at 55 (citing Ex. 2013 ¶89). Patent Owner’s argument is 
premised on Linnarsson requiring its CDS to be “capped by a ‘BIO’ (biotin) 
molecule on its 5’ end.” Id. at 53 (citing Ex. 1003, Fig. 11). 
Petitioner replies that Linnarsson’s disclosure is not limited to Figure 
11 and does not require biotin. Pet. Reply. 23 (citing Ex. 1003, Figs. 3–4). 
Petitioner also points out that, in describing Figure 11, Linnarsson states that 
it “show[s] graphical representation of steps optionally used in the STRT 
method.” Id. (quoting Ex. 1003, 5:28–29, with emphasis added by 
Petitioner). Petitioner also argues that, if a person of ordinary skill in the art 
wanted to use biotin, she would know “the biotin could not be at the end of 
the CDS or TSO but would instead need to be added after ligation or 
included with the barcode.” Pet. Reply 24 (citing Ex. 1059 ¶¶109–112). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s argument that Linnarsson does 
not require biotin is a new and improper argument on reply. PO Sur-Reply 
19. We disagree. Petitioner’s argument is directly responsive to Patent 
Owner’s argument. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b) (“A reply may only respond to 
 
9 Patent Owner also argues that there would be complications in 
ligating a second tag or sequence to Linnarsson’s TSO. Because we find, as 
discussed below, there would be a reasonable expectation of success in 
ligating a second tag or sequence to Linnarsson’s CDS, we need not and do 
not reach Patent Owner’s TSO-based arguments. 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
54 
arguments raised in the corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary 
response, patent owner response, or decision on institution.”). Petitioner’s 
argument is not only proper, but also persuasive; Linnarsson does not 
require biotin. See Ex. 1003, 3:25–4:2 (“Summary of the Invention” not 
mentioning biotin), 5:28–29 (“Figure 11 [which does include biotin], panels 
A-F, show graphical representation of steps optionally used in the STRT 
method.” (emphasis added)), Figs. 3–4 (not including biotin). 
Patent Owner additionally argues that “Petitioner has not explained 
how Linnarsson’s method would work without biotin.” PO Sur-Reply 19. 
However, Petitioner bears no burden in that regard. See Apple Inc. v. 
Corephotonics, Ltd., 861 F. App'x 443, 450 (Fed. Cir. 2021) (holding that in 
the context of AIA trial proceedings, “regardless of the forum, prior art 
patents and publications enjoy a presumption of enablement, and the 
patentee/applicant has the burden to prove nonenablement for such prior art” 
and that “[i]t was error for the Board to suggest otherwise”). 
Further, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s argument that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have known how to use biotin in a manner 
that did not interfere with the proposed modification. Pet Reply 24 (citing 
Ex. 1059 ¶¶109–112); see also KSR, 550 U.S. at 421 (“A person of ordinary 
skill is also a person of ordinary creativity, not an automaton.”); Ex. 1057, 
175:2–6 (Dr. Quackenbush: “So if there’s already a biotin attached, you 
wouldn’t be able to create that bond, hence, ligation wouldn’t occur. And a 
person in 2009 would have understood this.”). 
In sum, we find that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in the proposed modification. 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
55 
III. CONCLUSION10 
We conclude, based on a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 
1–6 are unpatentable. In summary: 
 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–6 of U.S. Patent No. 10,155,981 B2 are 
proven unpatentable; 
 
10 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged 
claims in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance 
of this decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–4, 6 
103(a) 
Linnarsson, 
McCloskey 
1–4, 6 
 
5 
103(a) 
Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, 
“further in view of 
the knowledge of a 
[person of ordinary 
skill in the art]” 
5 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–6 
 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
56 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion To Exclude is 
granted-in-part and denied-in-part; 
FURTHER ORDER that Petitioner’s Motion To Exclude is dismissed 
as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this Decision is final, a party to 
the proceeding seeking judicial review of the Decision must comply with the 
notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2023-00876 
Patent 10,155,981 B2 
 
57 
For PETITIONER: 
 
Derek C. Walter 
Adrian C. Percer 
William Sutton Ansley 
WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP 
derek.walter@weil.com 
adrian.percer@weil.com 
sutton.ansley@weil.com 
 
 
For PATENT OWNER: 
 
Jon Baughman 
Megan Raymond 
GROOMBRIDGE, WU, BAUGHMAN & STONE LLP 
steve.baughman@groombridgewu.com, 
megan.raymond@groombridgewu.com