--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 77 
571-272-7822 
Date: October 31, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
NEURODERM LTD., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
ABBVIE INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
 
Before TINA E. HULSE, DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, and 
CYNTHIA M. HARDMAN Administrative Patent Judges. 
HARDMAN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Granting-in-Part Patent Owner’s Non-Contingent Motion to Amend 
Denying Petitioner’s Motion to Strike 
Dismissing Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
35 U.S.C. § 328(a) 
 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
This is a Final Written Decision in a post-grant review, entered 
pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 328(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. We have jurisdiction 
under 35 U.S.C. § 6. 
Presently pending is Patent Owner AbbVie Inc.’s non-contingent 
Motion to Amend, wherein Patent Owner requests cancellation of 
challenged claims 1–17 of U.S. Patent No. 11,091,507 B2 (“the ’507 
patent,” Ex. 1001), and proposes substitute claims 18–30. Paper 27 
(“Mot.”). Having reviewed the complete trial record, for the reasons 
discussed below, we grant Patent Owner’s request to cancel claims 1–17 of 
the ’507 patent, and deny the request to add proposed substitute claims 18–
30. Additionally, for the reasons discussed below, we deny Petitioner’s 
Motion to Strike (Paper 49) and dismiss as moot Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Exclude (Paper 66). 
A. 
Procedural History 
Petitioner NeuroDerm Ltd. filed a Petition requesting post-grant 
review of all claims (claims 1–17) of the ’507 patent. Paper 2. Patent 
Owner AbbVie Inc. filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 6. With our 
authorization, Petitioner filed a Preliminary Reply and Patent Owner filed a 
Preliminary Sur-reply. Papers 7, 8. In view of the then-available 
preliminary record, we instituted a post-grant review. Paper 9 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
Patent Owner then filed a non-contingent Motion to Amend, 
requesting cancellation of challenged claims 1–17 of the ’507 patent, and 
proposing substitute claims 18–30. Mot. 3–4. Petitioner filed an 
Opposition. Paper 36 (“Opp.”). At Patent Owner’s request, we issued 
Preliminary Guidance on the Motion to Amend. Paper 40 (“Prelim. Guid.”). 
Thereafter, Patent Owner filed a Reply in support of the Motion to Amend 

--- Page 3 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
3 
(Paper 42, “Reply”), along with new Exhibits 2066–2106. Petitioner filed a 
Sur-Reply. Paper 68 (“Sur-Reply”). 
Petitioner filed an authorized Motion to Strike Evidence (Paper 49), to 
which Patent Owner filed an Opposition (Paper 58). Patent Owner filed a 
Motion to Exclude Evidence (Paper 66), to which Petitioner filed an 
Opposition (Paper 71), and Patent Owner filed a Reply (Paper 73). 
On August 29, 2023, we conducted an oral hearing, the transcript of 
which is of record. Paper 76 (“Tr.”). 
B. 
Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation 
as the real parties in interest. Pet. 108. Patent Owner identifies itself as the 
real party in interest. Paper 13 (Patent Owner’s Updated Mandatory 
Notices), 1. 
C. 
Related Matters 
Patent Owner identifies pending U.S. Patent Application Nos. 
17/378,321 and 17/971,836 as related to the ’507 patent. Paper 13, 1. The 
parties do not identify any other related matters. See id.; Pet. 108. 
D. 
The ’507 Patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ʼ507 patent, titled “Methods of Treating Parkinson’s Disease,” 
“relates to (a) carbidopa prodrugs, (b) L-dopa prodrugs, (c) pharmaceutical 
combinations and compositions comprising a carbidopa prodrug and/or an 
L-dopa prodrug, and (d) methods of treating Parkinson’s disease and 
associated conditions comprising administering a carbidopa prodrug and an 

--- Page 4 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
4 
L-dopa prodrug to a subject with Parkinson’s disease.”1 Ex. 1001, code 
(54), 1:19–25. 
“Parkinson’s disease is a chronic and progressive neurodegenerative 
condition characterized by reduced levels in the brain of the neurotransmitter 
dopamine.” Id. at 1:29–31. “Administration of L-dopa . . . currently is the 
most effective therapy for treating a patient with Parkinson’s disease.” Id. at 
1:32–34. However, due to premature peripheral metabolism of levodopa 
throughout the body, a relatively large levodopa dose is required, which can 
cause complications such as nausea. Id. at 1:55–63. “To overcome these 
problems, L-dopa generally is co-administered with a peripheral aromatic L-
amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor such as carbidopa.” Id. at 1:58–2:9. 
The Specification states that “[e]ven when L-dopa and carbidopa are 
co-administered, however, it is difficult to consistently maintain the desired 
dopamine levels in the brain due to the relatively short half-life of L-dopa in 
plasma.” Id. at 2:16–19. “One approach that has been effective in reducing 
variability of dopamine levels is the continuous intestinal delivery of an 
adjustable dose of an L-dopa/carbidopa gel known by its commercial name, 
DuoDopa® in Europe and Duopa® in the United States.” Id. at 2:16–35. 
Achieving continuous intestinal delivery, however, requires a surgical 
procedure. Id. at 2:16–35. The Specification further states that “[a] major 
challenge to the development of less invasive or otherwise improved modes 
of administering L-dopa and carbidopa has been the solubility of those 
 
1 “L-dopa” is shorthand for levodopa. See Pet. 10. Prodrugs are 
“pharmacologically inactive molecules that convert to the active drug in a 
certain part of the body through metabolic or chemically-mediated 
processes.” Id. at 21; see also Ex. 1004 (Sloan Decl.) ¶¶ 26–27; Opp. 5. 

--- Page 5 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
5 
compounds.” Id. at 2:40–42. The ’507 patent thus states that “[s]table, more 
highly concentrated, and/or less viscous formulations comprising L-dopa 
and/or carbidopa (or compounds capable of in vivo bioconversion to L-dopa 
and/or carbidopa) are desirable.” Id. at 2:44–47. 
The ’507 patent discloses compositions comprising “L-dopa and 
carbidopa prodrugs that convert to L-dopa and carbidopa in vivo[,] which 
allows for delivery by continuous administration methods including 
intragastric, intramuscular, intravenous, and subcutaneous administration.” 
Id. at 7:8–13. Regarding carbidopa prodrugs, the Specification provides 
compounds having the following Formula (I): 
 
Id. at 3:3–20. In Formula (I) reproduced above, “R1 and R2 are each 
independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, –P(O)(OH)2, 
and –R5–O–P(O) (OH)2; R5 is a C1–C4–alkyl; R6 is hydrogen or a C1–C4–
alkyl; and provided that at least one of R1 and R2 is –P(O)(OH)2 or –R5–O–
P(O)(OH)2.” Id. Regarding levodopa prodrugs, the Specification provides 
compounds having the following Formula (II): 
 

--- Page 6 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
6 
Id. at 3:21–39.2 In Formula (II) reproduced above, “R3 and R4 are each 
independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, –P(O)(OH)2, 
and –R5–O–P(O) (OH)2; R5 is a C1–C4–alkyl; R6 is hydrogen or a C1–C4–
alkyl; and provided that at least one of R3 and R4 is –P(O)(OH)2 or –R5–O–
P(O)(OH)2.” Id. 
The ’507 patent states that, in one aspect, the disclosure regards 
a method of treating Parkinson’s disease or an associated 
condition in a patient comprising administering to the patient a 
therapeutically effective amount of a pharmaceutical 
combination comprising a first compound corresponding in 
structure to Formula (I), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt 
thereof, and a second compound corresponding in structure to 
Formula (II), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. 
Id. at 3:54–62. In Example 16, “[t]he in vivo conversion of the L-dopa 
phosphate prodrugs to L-dopa and the carbidopa phosphate prodrugs to 
carbidopa was evaluated in a rat pharmacokinetics study in which the 
prodrug was administered intravenously or subcutaneously to the rat.” Id. at 
82:34–41. In Example 19, “[t]he in vivo conversion of the carbidopa 
diphosphate to carbidopa was evaluated in a mini-pig pharmacokinetics 
study in which the prodrug was administered in aqueous solution 
subcutaneously to a group of three mini-pigs.” Id. at 85:54–61. Example 23 
provides a study of local irritation and pain at the injection site in rabbits 
following “intravenous, paravenous, and subcutaneous bolus injection of 
LD/CD3 diphosphate at concentrations for 200/50 mg/mL.” Id. at 88:24–30. 
 
2 The structural formula appears to contain a typographical error, in that the 
lower R3 should instead be R4. See Ex. 1001, 18:6–60; Pet. 23 n.84. 
3 LD and CD are abbreviations for levodopa and carbidopa, respectively. 
See, e.g., Ex. 1003 (LeWitt Decl.) ¶ 69. 

--- Page 7 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
7 
Example 24 provides a “human prediction” of steady state exposures of 
levodopa, carbidopa, and prodrugs thereof. See id. at 89:56–90:51. 
E. 
Substitute Claims 
Patent Owner’s non-contingent Motion to Amend proposes to replace 
challenged claims 1–17 with respective proposed substitute claims 18–30. 
Mot. 1, 14–15. We reproduce proposed substitute claim 18, the only 
independent substitute claim, below. The additions to original claim 1 are 
underlined, and the deletions are shown in double brackets. 
18. A method of delivering dopamine to a Parkinson’s 
disease patient in a pharmacokinetically-consistent manner 
comprising, continuously subcutaneously administering an 
aqueous pharmaceutical formulation to the patient, the 
formulation comprising: 
(a) at least about 5 mg/mL of a compound comprising 
levodopa, wherein the compound comprising levodopa is 
levodopa 3’-monophosphate, levodopa 4’-monophosphate, 
levodopa 3’, 4’-diphosphate, levodopa, or a pharmaceutically 
acceptable salt thereof. 
(b) carbidopa, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt 
thereof, and 
(c) an aqueous carrier, 
wherein the method is sufficient to achieve a steady state 
levodopa plasma level of about 1000 ng/ml to about [[5000]] 
3000 ng/ml in the patient for at least 8 hours without co-
administration of a catechol-0-methyl transferase inhibitor, and 
at about 10 hours after the start of said subcutaneous 
administration the levodopa plasma level is at said steady state.4 
 
4 In our Preliminary Guidance, we noted that limitation [18a] ends with a 
period, and “encourage[d] Patent Owner to address this issue if Patent 
Owner files a Revised Motion to Amend.” Prelim. Guid. 4 n.1. Patent 
Owner did not file a Revised Motion to Amend. Nevertheless, Patent 
Owner’s declarant Dr. Jenner suggests that Patent Owner changed this 

--- Page 8 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
8 
Id. at App’x A, 1. Substitute claim 19 recites that the steady state levodopa 
plasma level is achieved without an oral medication for Parkinson’s Disease. 
Id. at 1–2. Substitute claims 20–22 and 26 recite steady state levodopa 
plasma levels. Id. at 2–3. Substitute claims 23–25 and 27–30 recite dosages 
for “the compound comprising levodopa” or for the carbidopa. Id. at 2–4. 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. 
Post-Grant Review Eligibility 
The post-grant review provisions apply only to patents that contain a 
claim with an effective filing date on or after March 16, 2013. See Pub. L. 
No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 (2011), §§ 3(n)(1), 6(f)(2)(A). 
The ’507 patent issued from an application filed on May 4, 2020, and 
claims its earliest priority to a provisional application filed on October 21, 
2014. See Ex. 1001, codes (22), (60). Because the earliest possible priority 
date is after March 16, 2013, the ’507 patent is eligible for post-grant 
review. See Inst. Dec. 12. Patent Owner does not dispute this eligibility. 
B. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In our Institution Decision, we determined that a person of ordinary 
skill in the art (sometimes abbreviated herein as “POSA”) would have been 
a member of a team that includes person(s) with 
(a) a Ph.D. in a field related to the development of 
pharmaceuticals (for example, pharmacology, 
pharmacokinetics, pharmaceutics, pharmaceutical chemistry, 
organic chemistry, biochemistry, molecular biology, medicinal 
chemistry, formulation development, or a related field), or 
 
period to a comma in “Paper 40 at 16.” See Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶ 116 
n.3. Paper 40 is our Preliminary Guidance, and it does not have a page 16. 
We are not aware of where in the record, if at all, Patent Owner made this 
alleged correction. 

--- Page 9 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
9 
equivalent degree, and 2–4 years of experience in the analysis 
of pharmacokinetic data, pharmaceutical formulation 
development, and/or drug discovery or development, or a B.S. 
or M.S. degree in a field related to the development of 
pharmaceuticals, or equivalent degree, and 4–6 years of 
experience in the analysis of pharmacokinetic data, 
pharmaceutical formulation development, and/or drug 
discovery or development, and 
(b) a medical degree or equivalent degree with experience in 
treating patients with Parkinson’s disease. 
Inst. Dec. 15–16. 
Patent Owner accepts this definition for purposes of its Motion to 
Amend. Mot. 4. Petitioner does not oppose this definition. See generally 
Opp. We adhere to this level of skill for the reasons set forth in our 
Instiuttion Decision. See Inst. Dec. 12–16. 
Based on their statements of qualifications and curricula vitae, for 
purposes of this Decision we find Petitioner’s declarants Drs. LeWitt and 
Sloan, and Patent Owner’s declarants Drs. Rosenbaum, Fasano, and Jenner, 
qualified to provide technical opinions from the perspective of a person of 
ordinary skill in the art. See Ex. 1003 (LeWitt Decl.) ¶¶ 1–10, pp. 87–119 
(Dr. LeWitt’s statement of qualifications and curriculum vitae); Ex. 1004 
(Sloan Decl.) ¶¶ 1–11, pp. 45–71 (Dr. Sloan’s statement of qualifications 
and curriculum vitae); Ex. 2086 (Rosenbaum Decl.) ¶¶ 4–9, pp. 1–8 
(Dr. Rosenbaum’s statement of qualifications and curriculum vitae); 
Ex. 2087 (Fasano Decl.) ¶¶ 3–13, App’x A (Dr. Fasano’s statement of 
qualifications and curriculum vitae); Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶¶ 3–11, 
App’x A (Dr. Jenner’s statement of qualifications and curriculum vitae). 

--- Page 10 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
10 
C. 
Claim Construction 
We interpret a claim “using the same claim construction standard that 
would be used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 
282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.200(b). Under this standard, we construe the claim 
“in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such claim as 
understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution history 
pertaining to the patent.” Id. 
In our Institution Decision, we provided preliminary constructions for 
the terms “a compound comprising levodopa” and “patient.” Inst. Dec. 16. 
Patent Owner contends that, in view of the proposed claim amendments, no 
construction is needed for “a compound comprising levodopa.” Mot. 4–5. 
Instead of construing the term “patient,” Patent Owner contends that we 
should construe the longer term “Parkinson’s disease patient,” and proposes 
a construction for that term. Id. at 5. Petitioner does not expressly address 
claim construction in connection with the Motion to Amend. See generally 
Opp. 
For purposes of deciding the Motion to Amend, we conclude that no 
claim term requires express interpretation. See Realtime Data, LLC v. Iancu, 
912 F.3d 1368, 1375 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“The Board is required to construe 
‘only those terms . . . that are in controversy, and only to the extent 
necessary to resolve the controversy.’”) (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. 
Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
D. 
Legal Principles 
In a post-grant review, amended claims are not added to a patent as of 
right, but rather must be proposed as a part of a motion to amend. 35 U.S.C. 
§ 326(d). A patent owner bears the burden to show by a preponderance of 
the evidence that the proposed amendment complies with the relevant 

--- Page 11 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
11 
regulatory and statutory requirements. See Sisvel Int’l S.A. v. Sierra 
Wireless, Inc., 81 F.4th 1231, 1238 (Fed. Cir. 2023); 35 U.S.C. 
§ 326(d); 37 C.F.R. § 42.221(d)(1); Lectrosonics, Inc. v. Zaxcom, Inc., 
IPR2018-01129, Paper 15 at 4–8 (PTAB Feb. 25, 2019) (precedential). 
Specifically, a patent owner must demonstrate by a preponderance of the 
evidence that: (1) the amendment proposes a reasonable number of 
substitute claims; (2) the proposed substitute claims are supported in the 
original disclosure (and any earlier-filed disclosure for which the benefit of 
filing date is sought); (3) the amendment responds to a ground of 
unpatentability involved in the trial; and (4) the amendment does not seek to 
enlarge the scope of the claims or introduce new subject matter. See 
35 U.S.C. § 326(d); 37 C.F.R. § 42.221(d)(1). 
A petitioner bears the burden to show by a preponderance of the 
evidence that any proposed substitute claim is unpatentable. See Sisvel Int’l 
S.A., 81 F.4th at 1238; 37 C.F.R. § 42.221(d)(2); see also Lectrosonics, 
Paper 15 at 3–4. 
The written description requirement set forth in 35 U.S.C. § 112(a) 
ensures that as of the filing date “the inventor actually invented the invention 
claimed.” Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1350–51 
(Fed. Cir. 2010) (en banc). The test “requires an objective inquiry into the 
four corners of the specification from the perspective of a person of ordinary 
skill in the art.” Id. at 1351. “The written description requirement is 
satisfied only if the inventor conveys with reasonable clarity to those skilled 
in the art that, as of the filing date sought, he or she was in possession of 
the invention, and demonstrates that by disclosure in the specification of the 
patent.” Biogen Int’l GmbH v. Mylan Pharms. Inc., 18 F.4th 1333, 1341–42 
(Fed. Cir. 2021) (cleaned up; citations omitted). “A precise definition of the 

--- Page 12 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
12 
invention is pivotal to establishing possession.” Id. “An applicant may 
show possession of the claimed invention by describing it with all of its 
limitations using ‘such descriptive means as words, structures, figures, 
diagrams, formulas, etc.’” Id. (quoting Lockwood v. Am. Airlines, Inc., 107 
F.3d 1565, 1572 (Fed. Cir. 1997)). 
“Whether a claimed invention satisfies the written-description 
requirement of § 112 will depend on the nature of the invention.” Id. “[T]he 
written-description analysis is highly dependent on the facts of each case,” 
and in general, “is judged based on the state of the art as of the priority 
date.” Id. (quoting Amgen Inc. v. Sanofi, 872 F.3d 1367, 1373–74 (Fed. Cir. 
2017)). 
E. 
Motion to Amend Statutory and Regulatory Requirements 
As noted above (supra Section II.D), Patent Owner bears the burden 
to show by a preponderance of the evidence that the proposed amendment 
complies with the relevant regulatory and statutory requirements. We 
address each requirement in turn below. 
1. Reasonable Number of Substitute Claims 
A motion to amend must “propose a reasonable number of substitute 
claims.” 35 U.S.C. § 326(d)(1)(B); see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.221(a)(3). 
“There is a rebuttable presumption that a reasonable number of substitute 
claims per challenged claim is one (1) substitute claim.” Lectrosonics, Paper 
15 at 4; see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.221(a)(3). 
Patent Owner proposes thirteen substitute claims to replace the 
seventeen challenged claims, a less than one-to-one substitution. See Mot. 6. 
Petitioner does not argue that Patent Owner fails to propose a reasonable 
number of substitute claims. See generally Opp. 

--- Page 13 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
13 
Based on the above, we determine that Patent Owner meets the 
requirement of proposing a reasonable number of substitute claims. 
2. 
Respond to a Ground of Unpatentability 
“A motion to amend may be denied where . . . [t]he amendment does 
not respond to a ground of unpatentability involved in the trial.” 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.221(a)(2)(i). 
Patent Owner proposes narrowing amendments it contends are 
responsive to Petitioner’s challenges, including Petitioner’s enablement 
challenge. See Mot. 9–13. Petitioner does not argue that the amendments 
fail to respond to a ground of unpatentability involved in the trial. See 
generally Opp. 
We find that Patent Owner proposes narrowing amendments that are 
responsive to a ground of unpatentability involved in the trial. For example, 
in determining in our Institution Decision that Petitioner had shown it was 
more likely than not that claims 1–17 lack enablement, we cited the breadth 
of the claim term “a compound comprising levodopa,” which we found 
included “any molecule with a levodopa core moiety, including . . . 
prodrugs.” Inst. Dec. 30. Patent Owner narrows that term to now recite 
only four specific compounds and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof. 
See Mot. 9. 
3. 
Scope of the Claims 
A motion to amend may be denied where the amendment seeks to 
“enlarge the scope of the claims.” 35 U.S.C. § 326(d)(3); 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.221(a)(2)(ii). Here, proposed substitute independent claim 18 includes 
narrowing limitations as compared to corresponding original independent 
claim 1, including with respect to claim term “a compound comprising 

--- Page 14 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
14 
levodopa.” See Mot. 14. Petitioner does not argue otherwise. See generally 
Opp. 
Because the proposed substitute claims include narrowing 
amendments, we find that Patent Owner does not seek to enlarge the scope 
of the claims. 
4. 
New Matter 
A motion to amend may be denied where the amendment seeks to 
“introduce new matter.” 35 U.S.C. § 326(d)(3); 37 C.F.R. § 42.221(a)(2)(ii). 
Therefore, a motion to amend must “set forth written description support in 
the originally filed disclosure of the subject patent for each proposed 
substitute claim, and also set forth support in an earlier filed disclosure for 
each claim for which benefit of the filing date of the earlier filed disclosure 
is sought.” Lectrosonics, Paper 15, 7; see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.221(b). To 
address this requirement, Patent Owner provides a claim chart citing various 
paragraphs of Application No. 14/919,418 (“the ’418 Application”).5 See 
Mot. 15–16. 
 
5 Petitioner argues that Patent Owner “cites to the ’418 Application, filed 
October 21, 2015, but not to Application No. 16/866,400 in breach of the 
requirement to ‘set forth written description support in the originally filed 
disclosure of the subject patent.’” Opp. 3–4, n.1 (quoting Lectrosonics, 
Paper 15, 7). The ’418 Application is related to Application No. 16/866,400 
(“the ’400 Application”), which led directly to the ’507 patent, through a 
series of continuation applications. See Ex. 1001, codes (21), (22), (63). On 
this record, we find Patent Owner’s failure to cite the ’400 Application to be 
harmless error, given that Petitioner does not argue, and we do not perceive, 
any material difference between the disclosures of the ’400 Application and 
the ’418 Application. For simplicity, our references to the “application” 
herein collectively include the disclosure of both the ’418 Application and 
’400 Application. Where we cite only the ’418 Application or only the ’400 

--- Page 15 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
15 
For the reasons discussed below, on the full trial record, we find that 
Patent Owner has not carried its burden of showing by a preponderance of 
the evidence that the proposed substitute claims introduce no new matter 
relative to the original disclosure. 35 U.S.C. § 326(d)(3); 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.221(d)(1); see also Paper 58, 2 (Patent Owner acknowledging that it 
“bears the burden to meet the regulatory and statutory requirements” for a 
motion to amend, including demonstrating that the substitute claims do not 
“introduce new matter”). 
Importantly, we note that Patent Owner fails to explain how the 
material cited in the claim chart supports the claims. See Mot. 15–16. 
Instead, Patent Owner provides only a claim chart with bare citations, 
leaving it to the panel to discern how the cited material supports the claim 
limitations. See id. Patent Owner’s failure to explain the citations 
constitutes a fatal error, as we have reviewed the passages cited by Patent 
Owner and are unable to discern where support is found for several of the 
substitute claim limitations. Where, as here, “the Board is unable to 
determine how the specification and drawings support the proposed 
substitute claims, the motion to amend may be denied.” Patent Trial and 
Appeal Board Consolidated Trial Practice Guide (Nov. 2019) (“TPG”),6 71. 
For example, limitation [18a] in proposed substitute claim 18 recites, 
in relevant part, a formulation comprising “at least about 5 mg/mL of a 
compound comprising levodopa, wherein the compound comprising 
 
Application, we do so for efficiency, with the understanding that both 
applications contain the same disclosure. Additionally, we use the terms 
“application,” “specification,” and “disclosure” interchangeably herein. 
6 Available at https://www.uspto.gov/TrialPracticeGuideConsolidated. 

--- Page 16 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
16 
levodopa” is levodopa itself or one of three recited levodopa prodrugs. 
Mot. App’x A, 1 (limitation [18a]). Although the proposed amendment to 
this claim narrows the genus of “compound[s] comprising levodopa” to four 
specific compounds, like original claim 1 of the ’507 patent, this limitation 
still embraces levodopa itself. We previously observed that the application’s 
“singular focus on L-dopa prodrugs fails to support the claims’ option of 
using L-dopa itself.” Inst. Dec. 23 (quoting Pet. 66). 
In its Motion to Amend, as support for claim limitation [18a], Patent 
Owner provides a list of citations to the ’418 Application7 (namely, 
paragraphs 5, 8, 45, 74, 76–78, 165, 300–13, 329–40, 391–417). Mot. 15–
16. Patent Owner, however, does not explain how this material overcomes 
the issue we previously identified, i.e., that the application fails to support 
the claim’s option of using levodopa itself in the claimed methods. Having 
reviewed each of the aforementioned paragraphs, we again find that they fail 
to support the claims’ option of using levodopa itself. See also Opp. 7–9 
(addressing why Patent Owner’s citations do not provide adequate written 
description support for a formulation comprising levodopa). 
In particular, paragraphs 8, 74, 76–78, 165, 300–13, and 329–40 are 
limited to disclosures directed to prodrugs. See Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 
17–18 (¶ 8), 29–30 (¶¶ 74, 76–78), 53–54 (¶ 165), 81–86 (¶¶ 300–13), 93–
100 (¶¶ 329–40). Paragraph 45 defines “pharmaceutically acceptable salt,” 
with no mention of carbidopa or levodopa. See id. at 22 (¶ 45). Paragraphs 
391–417 encompass Examples 16–24, none of which relate to administration 
of a formulation comprising levodopa together with carbidopa, as required 
 
7 A copy of the specification of the ’418 Application as filed is located in the 
record at Exhibit 2060, pages 15–168. 

--- Page 17 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
17 
by limitations [18a] and [18b]. See id. at 121–31 (¶¶ 391–417); see also 
Opp. 7–8 (explaining why Examples 16 and 19 do not support the proposed 
amended claims), 9 (explaining that the remaining examples “only disclose 
administration (or predictions) of formulations comprising prodrugs of both 
levodopa and carbidopa, not the claimed formulations”). 
Paragraph 5 of the ’418 Application at least mentions levodopa, 
stating (in the Background of the Invention Section), “Stable, more highly 
concentrated, and/or less viscous formulations comprising L-dopa and/or 
carbidopa (or compounds capable of in vivo bioconversion to L-dopa and/or 
carbidopa) are desirable.” Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 16 (¶ 5). Although 
this sentence mentions levodopa, we previously observed that, in context, 
the sentence does not appear to be characterizing or identifying the 
invention. See Inst. Dec. 25. Instead, it merely states what is “desirable.” 
Beyond this sentence in paragraph 5, the remainder of the application, 
including the “Field of the Invention” and “Summary of the Invention” 
sections, discusses levodopa and carbidopa prodrugs, not levodopa and 
carbidopa themselves.8 See id.; Pet. 22–27 (discussing how the patent’s 
disclosure focuses on levodopa and carbidopa prodrugs). 
We also find that Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend fails to identify 
adequate written description support for claim limitation [18b], which recites 
that the claimed formulation comprises carbidopa. In our Institution 
Decision, we observed that the application “generally focuses on the use of 
carbidopa prodrugs, not carbidopa itself, in the disclosed methods and 
 
8 To the extent the sentence in paragraph 5 is characterizing the invention, 
the sentence also refers to “compounds capable of in vivo bioconversion to 
L-dopa and/or carbidopa”—i.e., levodopa and carbidopa prodrugs—which is 
consistent with the application’s focus on prodrugs. 

--- Page 18 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
18 
compositions.” Inst. Dec. 24. In its Motion to Amend, Patent Owner 
provides a list of citations to the ’418 Application (namely, paragraphs 3, 5, 
45, 94, 111, 391 (Table 16-B), 399 (Table 19-A)) as support for claim 
limitation [18b], but again fails to explain how this material overcomes the 
problem we originally identified, i.e., that the application fails to support the 
claim’s option of using carbidopa itself in the claimed formulations. See 
Mot. 16. Having reviewed Patent Owner’s list of citations, we again find 
that they fail to support the claims’ option of using carbidopa itself. See also 
Opp. 7–9 (addressing why Patent Owner’s citations do not provide adequate 
written description support for a formulation comprising carbidopa). 
Paragraph 3 discusses the state of the art, noting that levodopa is 
generally co-administered with carbidopa. See Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 
15–16 (¶ 3). Patent Owner does not explain how this information indicates 
that Patent Owner’s invention extends to a formulation comprising these 
drugs. As to paragraph 5, we reiterate our observation in our Institution 
Decision (and stated above) that although this paragraph mentions 
carbidopa, in context it does not appear to be characterizing or identifying 
the invention. Inst. Dec. 25; Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 16 (¶ 5). 
Paragraph 45 defines “pharmaceutically acceptable salt,” with no mention of 
carbidopa or levodopa. Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 22 (¶ 45). Paragraph 
94 states, in its entirety: “The present disclosure also relates to 
pharmaceutical combinations and compositions comprising a carbidopa 
prodrug and/or an L-dopa prodrug.” Id. at 35 (¶ 94). There is no suggestion 
here of co-formulating carbidopa itself with levodopa or a levodopa 

--- Page 19 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
19 
prodrug.9 Paragraph 111 teaches that “[t]he composition may independently 
comprise the first compound and the second compound as either the free 
form of the compound or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt of the 
compound.” Id. at 40 (¶ 111) (emphasis added). The application defines the 
terms “first compound” and “second compound” in this sentence to mean 
carbidopa prodrugs and levodopa prodrugs, respectively. See id. at 39–40 
(¶ 110); Opp. 9. Patent Owner does not explain how any of the above 
disclosures—none of which mention carbidopa itself—support a claim to a 
method of using a formulation comprising carbidopa itself, let alone in 
combination with levodopa. 
Finally, Patent Owner cites portions of Examples 16 and 19 
(paragraphs 391 and 399), but in our Institution Decision, we disagreed that 
these passages support a claim to a method of using a formulation 
comprising carbidopa itself. Inst. Dec. 25; see also Opp. 7–8. The bare 
citations in the claim chart fail to elucidate how these passages support the 
claimed subject matter. 
 
9 To the extent Patent Owner suggests that the application’s use of “and/or” 
in the phrase “carbidopa prodrug and/or an L-dopa prodrug” demonstrates 
possession of a composition comprising a levodopa prodrug with carbidopa, 
we disagree. First, Patent Owner does not articulate such an argument in its 
Motion and therefore has forfeited it. See In re Google Tech. Holdings LLC, 
980 F.3d 858, 862–62 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (indicating that failure to make an 
argument before the Office compels a finding of forfeiture). Second, even if 
Patent Owner had made such an argument, we would have rejected it for the 
reasons articulated in our Institution Decision (see Inst. Dec. 26), and 
because “a description that merely renders the invention obvious does not 
satisfy the [written description] requirement.” Ariad Pharms., 598 F.3d at 
1352. 

--- Page 20 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
20 
We also find that Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend fails to identify 
adequate written description support for limitation [18d], which recites that 
the claimed method “is sufficient to achieve a steady state levodopa plasma 
level of about 1000 ng/ml to about 3000 ng/ml in the patient for at least 8 
hours.” Mot., App’x A, 1 (limitation [18d]). Patent Owner cites paragraphs 
266–68 and 415–17 as support for this limitation. Mot. 16. Paragraphs 
266–68 recite that “an amount of the first compound and an amount of the 
second compound are administered such that in combination they are 
sufficient to achieve” certain levodopa plasma levels in the patient. See 
Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 69 (¶¶ 266–68). The application again defines 
the terms “first compound” and “second compound” in this sentence to mean 
carbidopa prodrugs and levodopa prodrugs. See id. at 68 (¶¶ 264–65); see 
also Opp. 10–11. Patent Owner does not explain how these disclosures—
which do not mention levodopa or carbidopa themselves—support a claim to 
a method of using a formulation comprising these drugs to achieve the 
claimed pharmacokinetic parameters. 
Additionally, Patent Owner fails to explain how paragraphs 266–68 
provide support for the claimed steady state levodopa plasma range of 
“about 1000 ng/ml to about 3000 ng/ml.” Paragraph 266 discloses open-
ended ranges, including “at least about 1,000 ng/mL” and “at least about 
3,000 ng/mL.” See Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 69 (¶ 266). Paragraph 267 
cites closed ranges, but those ranges relate to levodopa plasma levels 
resulting from administration of a formulation comprising levodopa 
prodrugs and carbidopa prodrugs. Additionally, paragraph 267 discloses 
various ranges that encompass the claimed range, e.g., “about 10 ng/mL to 
about 9,000 ng/mL” and “about 50 ng/mL to about 4,000 ng/mL,” but does 
not disclose the claimed range itself. See id. at 69–70 (¶ 267). Finally, 

--- Page 21 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
21 
paragraph 268 cites time ranges for how long the levodopa concentrations 
can be maintained, but also does not disclose the claimed levodopa plasma 
range. See id. at 70 (¶ 268). 
Given that the claimed range is not disclosed in the application, Patent 
Owner had to do more than present us with a list of paragraphs in the 
application in order to explain how a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood that the application discloses the claimed steady 
state levodopa plasma range. See, e.g., Indivior UK Ltd. v. Dr. Reddy’s 
Labs. S.A., 18 F.4th 1323, 1328 (Fed. Cir. 2021) (“In the case of a claimed 
range, a skilled artisan must be able to reasonably discern a disclosure of 
that range.”). Although the application need not recite the language of the 
proposed substitute claims verbatim (or “in haec verba”) (see Ariad 
Pharms., 598 F.3d at 1352), under the circumstances here, a mere citation to 
the application without any explanation as to why a person of ordinary skill 
in the art would have recognized that the inventors possessed the claimed 
steady state levodopa plasma range is inadequate. As noted above, “[i]f the 
Board is unable to determine how the specification and drawings support the 
proposed substitute claims, the motion to amend may be denied.” TPG 71. 
For limitation 18[d], Patent Owner also cites paragraphs 415–17 as 
providing written description support. Mot. 16. These paragraphs 
encompass Example 24, which is titled “Human Prediction of Steady State 
Exposures of L-dopa and L-dopa 4'-monophosphate, Carbidopa and 
Carbidopa 4'-monophosphate as well as Phosphorus daily load.” Mot. 16; 
Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 130 (¶¶ 415–17). Although the bare citations 
in the claim chart again fail to elucidate how these passages support 
limitation 18[d], in connection with its enablement arguments, Patent Owner 
asserts that Example 24 allows persons of ordinary skill in the art “to predict 

--- Page 22 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
22 
the steady state levodopa plasma levels for various combinations” of 
levodopa, carbidopa, and their prodrugs. Mot. 12–13. Even if this statement 
is correct, on this record, Patent Owner fails to explain how a disclosure that 
permits a person of ordinary skill in the art to predict the claimed range 
demonstrates actual possession of that range. “[T]he hallmark of written 
description is disclosure.” Ariad Pharms., 598 F.3d at 1351. “A written 
description sufficient to satisfy the requirement of the law requires a 
statement of an invention, not an invitation to go on a hunting expedition to 
patch together after the fact a synthetic definition of an invention.” Indivior 
UK Ltd., 18 F.4th at 1329. 
At the oral hearing, when asked where the application supports the 
range recited in limitation [18d], Patent Owner’s counsel identified Figures 4 
and 10 and Examples 17 and 19 of the application. Tr. 35:11–18. Even if 
counsel is correct that these portions of the application provide written 
description support for limitation [18d], in its Motion, Patent Owner did not 
cite these portions of the application. See Mot. 16. “During an oral hearing, 
a party . . . may only present arguments relied upon in the papers previously 
submitted.” TPG 85–86; see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.22 (motion must contain 
“[a] full statement of the reasons for the relief requested”). Accordingly, we 
do not consider these portions of the application in ascertaining whether 
Patent Owner carried its burden of demonstrating that the proposed 
substitute claims contain no new matter. 
Although Patent Owner does not explain how the material cited in the 
claim chart supports the proposed substitute claims, as we observed in our 
Preliminary Guidance, elsewhere in the Motion Patent Owner argues that the 
claims have written description support in the ’507 patent Specification. 
Prelim. Guid. 5 (citing Mot. 6–9). For example, Patent Owner argues that 

--- Page 23 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
23 
Table 16-A in the Specification discloses that levodopa itself was 
subcutaneously administered to rats, providing levodopa exposure 
comparable to the exposure of the levodopa 3ꞌ-monophosphate prodrug. 
Mot. 7. Patent Owner also argues that the Specification, including Examples 
16 and 19, together teach that levodopa and carbidopa “themselves can be 
delivered subcutaneously to the same effect” as the prodrugs, while 
Example 24 teaches that “the animal study data can be used to predict 
human blood plasma concentrations” for combinations of drugs including 
levodopa and carbidopa. Id. at 8. 
We agree with Petitioner that this is not sufficient to carry Patent 
Owner’s burden. “[D]espite all its citations, [Patent Owner] does not claim 
the application actually includes an example of the claimed formulations. 
Instead, [Patent Owner] suggests a skilled artisan could somehow cobble one 
together based on Examples 16 and 19.” Opp. 9. Additionally, Patent 
Owner does not contend that the application discloses the claimed plasma 
concentration range, but rather, asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art could do calculations to predict the claimed range. Mot. 12–13. We 
agree with Petitioner that “even if [Patent Owner’s] premise[s] were true, ‘a 
description that merely renders the invention obvious does not satisfy the 
[written description] requirement.’” Opp. 10 (quoting Ariad Pharms., 598 
F.3d at 1352). 
Moreover, despite the apparent disconnects between the limitations of 
the proposed substitute claims and the disclosure in the application as 
discussed above, Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend is “based entirely on 
attorney argument, with no expert opinion in support of its positions.” 
Opp. 2; see also id. at 3–6 (discussing disconnect between the application 
and Patent Owner’s attorney arguments). Patent Owner correctly contends 

--- Page 24 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
24 
that it is not required to submit expert declarations with its Motion to Amend 
in order to carry its burden. See Tr. 42:4–19 (Patent Owner’s counsel 
arguing that “there’s no specific requirement that we need to put an expert 
declarations” to show no new matter); TPG 69 (“Although not required, 
patent owners may offer arguments regarding patentability of any proposed 
substitute claim and may support their arguments regarding patentability 
with testimony from a technical expert.”). 
Nevertheless, Patent Owner does bear the burden of proving that its 
proposed amendment satisfies the statutory and regulatory requirements 
associated with a motion to amend. See 35 U.S.C. § 326(d)(3); 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.221(d)(1); see also Paper 58, 2 (Patent Owner acknowledging that it 
“bears the burden to meet the regulatory and statutory requirements” for a 
motion to amend). Patent Owner offers only a bare list of citations without 
any explanation as to how the listed paragraphs disclose the claimed subject 
matter.10 See Mot. 15–16. Some of the citations are the same as those 
Patent Owner relied on prior to institution, and we already expressed 
skepticism in our Institution Decision that those citations supported subject 
matter that was embraced by the original claims and continues to be 
embraced by the proposed substitute claims (e.g., a formulation for 
continuous subcutaneous administration comprising levodopa and 
carbidopa). 
 
10 To the extent Patent Owner seeks to rely on the declarations submitted 
together with its Reply in support of its Motion to Amend to carry its burden 
of meeting the regulatory and statutory requirements for a motion to amend, 
we decline to consider those materials. “While replies and sur-replies can 
help crystalize issues for decision, a reply or sur-reply that raises a new issue 
or belatedly presents evidence may not be considered.” TPG 74. 

--- Page 25 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
25 
Under the circumstances, Patent Owner’s list of citations does not, on 
its face, adequately demonstrate support for the proposed amended claims. 
In such case, a denial of the motion to amend for failure to satisfy the 
statutory and regulatory requirements is appropriate. See, e.g., B.E. Tech., 
LLC v. Google, Inc., Nos. 2015–1827 through -1829, 2015–1879, 2016 WL 
6803057, at *7 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (finding that Board did not err in denying 
motion to amend where patent owner failed to identify written description 
support and instead “simply used a string citation to support its proposed 
substitute limitations”); see also Fleming v. Cirrus Design Corp., 28 F.4th 
1214, 1225–26 (Fed. Cir. 2022) (affirming denial of motion to amend where 
the proposed amended claims were not supported by the portions of the 
application patent owner cited); Sisvel Int’l S.A., 81 F.4th at 1241–42 
(affirming denial of motion to amend where patent owner failed to 
demonstrate that proposed amended claims did not enlarge scope); TPG 71 
(“If the Board is unable to determine how the specification and drawings 
support the proposed substitute claims, the motion to amend may be 
denied.”). 
For the above reasons, we determine that Patent Owner has not 
demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that the proposed 
substitute claims introduce no new matter as required by 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.221(b). Accordingly, we deny Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend to the 
extent it seeks to add proposed substitute claims 18–30. 
F. 
Petitioner’s Argument on Lack of Adequate Written Description 
As an alternative basis to deny Patent Owner’s request to add 
proposed substitute claims 18–30, we find that Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that these claims lack adequate written 
description support. We address Petitioner’s arguments below. 

--- Page 26 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
26 
1. 
Whether the ’418 Application Describes the Claimed 
Formulation Limitations ([18a-c]) 
Petitioner argues that the ’418 Application contains no disclosure of 
“any aqueous formulation comprising both a) carbidopa itself and b) 
levodopa itself or one of levodopa’s three claimed prodrugs,” as limitations 
[18a–c] of Patent Owner’s proposed amended claim 18 require. Opp. 6; see 
also Pet. 48–56; Ex. 1003 (LeWitt Decl.) ¶ 104; Ex. 1004 (Sloan Decl.) ¶ 79. 
Petitioner explains how “each section of the specification focuses only on 
the group of closely-related phosphate prodrugs of Formula (I) (carbidopa 
prodrugs) and Formula (II) (L-dopa prodrugs),” combinations of those 
prodrugs, and methods of continuous subcutaneous administration of those 
combinations of prodrugs. Pet. 49; see also id. at 21–27; Ex. 1004 (Sloan 
Decl.) ¶¶ 38–55, 64–69; Ex. 1003 (LeWitt Decl.) ¶¶ 89–97; Opp. 6–10; 
Ex. 1047 (Forrest Decl.) ¶¶ 40–74, 80–92. 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s written description arguments, 
arguing that “the specification as a whole, including its detailed discussion 
of PK [pharmacokinetic] studies, in conjunction with the well-developed 
prior art on LD and CD, shows possession of not only subcutaneous 
administration of the four claimed LD phosphate prodrugs or LD with CD, 
but also of the claimed steady state LD plasma levels.” Reply 2. As to 
disclosure of the formulation limitations in particular, Patent Owner argues 
that Petitioner’s “demand for a working example using an LD/CD 
formulation is legally incorrect.” Id. at 4. Patent Owner argues that neither 
an actual reduction to practice, nor a disclosure repeating the claim 
limitations verbatim is required. Id. (citing Falko-Gunter Falkner v. Inglis, 
448 F.3d 1357, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 2006); Ariad Pharms., 598 F.3d at 1352). 

--- Page 27 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
27 
Patent Owner argues that the examples in the application “test both 
prodrug and parent compounds” and demonstrate that the prodrugs “rapidly 
and completely convert to deliver parent LD and CD to the body,” while the 
“human dose prediction taught in [Example 24 of] the patent validates its 
teaching that LD and CD administered subcutaneously in solutions of at 
least about 5 mg/mL of LD can reach desired plasma levels.” Reply 5–6 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.)11 ¶¶ 23, 89, 92, 103–05, 110, 122–62; 
Ex. 2086 (Rosenbaum Decl.) ¶¶ 12–15, 63, 85, 107–10, 114; Ex. 1002 (’400 
application12), 507–08 (¶¶ 415–17), 498–99 (¶¶ 391–92), 502–03 (¶¶ 399–
401)). Patent Owner further argues that “the prior art teaches multiple ways 
to obtain LD compositions of at least 5 mg/mL, including ‘off the shelf’ 
solutions, buffered solutions, and dissolved LD salts,” and “[n]o 
solubilization beyond these methods is required.” Reply 6 (citing Ex. 2088 
(Jenner Decl.) ¶¶ 57–81, 169–174; Ex. 2090 (Remenar13), 26–28; Ex. 2093 
(Nutt14), 483–84; Ex. 1012 (Quinn15), 1132; Ex. 2095 (Larson16) ¶¶ 48–64). 
 
11 Together with its Reply, Patent Owner for the first time in this proceeding 
submitted technical declarations in support of its arguments. See generally 
Reply; Exhibits 2086–2088. As discussed below (infra Section III), 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Strike these declarations (and other evidence 
filed with the Reply). 
12 A copy of the specification of the ’400 Application as filed is found within 
Exhibit 1002, at pages 392–533. 
13 Remenar et al., WO 2005/023185 A2, published March 17, 2005. 
14 Nutt et al., The “On-Off” Phenomenon in Parkinson’s Disease, 310(8) 
New England Journal of Medicine 483–88 (1984). 
15 Quinn et al., Control of on/off phenomenon by continuous intravenous 
infusion of levodopa, 34 Neurology (Cleveland) 1131–36 (1984). 
16 Larson et al., US 2007/0027216 A1, published February 1, 2007. 

--- Page 28 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
28 
After considering all of the arguments and evidence of record, 
Petitioner persuades us that the ’418 Application lacks adequate written 
description support for the formulation limitations of proposed substitute 
claim 18 [limitations 18a–8c]. As outlined by Petitioner and its declarants, 
the ’418 Application, including the Abstract, Field of the Invention, 
Summary of the Invention, and Detailed Description of the Invention 
sections, uniformly focuses on phosphate prodrugs of levodopa and 
carbidopa. See, e.g., Ex. 1004 (Sloan Decl.) ¶¶ 38–55, 64–69; Ex. 1003 
(LeWitt Decl.) ¶¶ 89–97; Ex. 1047 (Forrest Decl.) ¶¶ 40–74, 80–92; Opp. 6–
10; Pet. 23–26, 49–55. 
We agree with Petitioner that “nothing in the specification suggests 
that the invention includes methods of subcutaneous infusion with anything 
other than the carbidopa prodrugs and L-dopa prodrugs of Formulas (I) and 
(II), respectively, or teaches how to get sufficient amounts of either L-dopa 
or carbidopa into solution, or achieve particular L-dopa plasma levels, 
without those particular prodrugs.” Pet. 27. Petitioner persuades us that the 
’418 Application fails to contain “[so] much as a single generic sentence, 
anywhere in the application, suggesting the inventors possessed the claimed 
formulations.” Sur-reply 3. Additionally, the ’418 Application contains no 
example teaching administration of an aqueous formulation comprising 
carbidopa itself with levodopa itself or one of the three claimed levodopa 
prodrugs, let alone one that is suitable for continuous subcutaneous 
administration. See Ex. 1047 (Forrest Decl.) ¶¶ 61–72, 82–92. 
Patent Owner is correct that to establish written description support, 
neither “an actual reduction to practice,” nor a verbatim recitation of the 
claims is required. Sur-reply 4. Nevertheless, “[a]lthough examples are not 
always required to satisfy the written description requirement, the lack of 

--- Page 29 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
29 
any disclosure of examples may be considered when determining whether 
the claimed invention is adequately described.” Bos. Sci. Corp. v. Johnson 
& Johnson, 647 F.3d 1353, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2011). Here, the lack of an 
actual reduction to practice or verbatim description of a formulation that 
falls within the scope of the claims is relevant, because we also see no other 
description or material in the ’418 Application that suggests the claimed 
methods extend to continuous subcutaneous administration of a composition 
comprising levodopa or one of the three claimed levodopa prodrugs, 
together with carbidopa, in an aqueous carrier. 
Patent Owner argues that the examples provide useful information 
regarding the ability of levodopa and carbidopa to be administered 
subcutaneously. For example, Patent Owner argues that Example 16 and 
Table 16-A disclose that subcutaneous administration of levodopa “provided 
exposures of levodopa comparable to the exposure of the 3’-monophosphate 
prodrug of levodopa.” Mot. 6–7 (citing Ex. 1001, 82:34–83:34; Ex. 2061 
(Sloan Depo. Tr.), 85:4–11, 89:17–90:3; Ex. 2062 (LeWitt Depo. Tr.), 
223:23–224:10); see also Reply 5; Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶¶ 103–05, 125, 
128–29, 137. Patent Owner further argues that Examples 16 and 19 report in 
vivo studies where “[c]arbidopa ‘[was] administered . . . subcutaneous[ly] to 
rats.’” Mot. 7 (citing Ex. 2061 (Sloan Depo. Tr.), 85:4–11; Ex. 1001, 82:34–
83:43, 85:54–86:46; Ex. 2062 (LeWitt Depo. Tr.), 229:25–230:4, 231:11–
14); see also Reply 5–6; Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶ 137 (“Table 16-B teaches 
the subcutaneous administration of unmodified carbidopa, which satisfies 
the element.”). Patent Owner argues that these examples teach a person of 
ordinary skill in the art that “the parent compounds themselves can be 
delivered subcutaneously to the same effect” as the prodrugs. Mot. 8; see 
also Reply 5. Patent Owner also argues that the “prodrug disclosures” in the 

--- Page 30 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
30 
application “are relevant across the method,” because the prodrugs “have the 
same core structures as LD and CD and, as the patent teaches, rapidly and 
completely convert to deliver parent LD and CD to the body.” Reply 5–6; 
see also Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶¶ 104–05, 125. 
We agree with Petitioner that “Examples 16 and 19 indisputably do 
not disclose a single formulation including both carbidopa and levodopa (or 
one of three levodopa prodrugs), as required by the substitute claims.” 
Opp. 7. Instead, the Examples disclose separately administering carbidopa 
and levodopa as comparators for evaluating the carbidopa and levodopa 
prodrugs. Id. at 7; Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 121 (¶ 391) (“For 
comparison, a rat pharmacokinetics study with L-dopa and carbidopa was 
conducted to help assess the in vivo conversion of the prodrugs.”), 125 
(¶ 399) (“For comparison, a pharmacokinetics study with carbidopa also was 
conducted to help assess the in vivo conversion of the carbidopa prodrugs.”); 
Ex. 1047 (Forrest Decl.) ¶¶ 61–62, 65–66, 85; Ex. 1003 (LeWitt Decl.) ¶ 58. 
We agree with Petitioner that “as to LD and CD specifically, the application 
discloses their separate use, as controls, in Examples 16 and 19-A, and then 
never again suggests their administration.” Sur-reply 4. 
On this record, we find that the separate administration of levodopa 
and carbidopa in Examples 16 and 19 is not sufficient to indicate to a person 
of skill that formulations comprising levodopa and carbidopa themselves are 
actually part of the invention.17 Patent Owner’s declarant Dr. Jenner 
 
17 Although the claims cover the use of carbidopa with levodopa or one of 
three recited levodopa prodrugs, Petitioner largely focuses on lack of written 
description support for a formulation comprising carbidopa and levodopa. 
Because this issue is dispositive, we do the same. 

--- Page 31 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
31 
characterizes Examples 16 and 19 as teaching that “continuous subcutaneous 
administration of levodopa was possible, beneficial, and compatible with 
carbidopa.” Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶ 135. But the ’418 Application 
nowhere discloses this conclusion. Even if a person of ordinary skill in the 
art could have formed this conclusion based on a reading of the ’418 
Application as a whole, “a description that merely renders the invention 
obvious does not satisfy the [written description] requirement.” Ariad 
Pharms., 598 F.3d at 1352; Opp. 10. 
Additionally, we find that use of levodopa and carbidopa in separate 
examples does not help Patent Owner establish written description support 
because “[a] patent owner cannot show written description support by 
picking and choosing claim elements from different embodiments that are 
never linked together in the specification.” See Flash-Control, LLC v. Intel 
Corp., No. 2020-2141, 2021 WL 2944592, at *4 (Fed. Cir. July 14, 2021). 
“The written description requirement is not met when, as here, the 
specification provides at best disparate disclosures that an artisan might have 
been able to combine in order to make the claimed invention.” Id. 
The lack of disclosure of a levodopa/carbidopa formulation for use in 
the claimed methods is perhaps unsurprising, given the ’418 Application’s 
express teaching that “[a] major challenge to the development of less 
invasive or otherwise improved modes of administering L-dopa and 
carbidopa has been the solubility of those compounds. They each have low 
aqueous solubility at the pH range required for infusion.” Ex. 2060 (’418 
Application), 16 (¶ 5); see also id. at 23 (¶ 49) (“[T]he inherently low 
aqueous solubility of L-dopa and carbidopa at physiologically acceptable pH 
for infusion presents a significant technical challenge to the development of 

--- Page 32 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
32 
improved pharmaceutical compositions and methods of treatment.”); 
Pet. 19; Ex. 1003 (LeWitt Decl.) ¶ 48; Ex. 1047 (Forrest Decl.) ¶ 27. 
This express teaching is consistent with the prevailing view in the art 
at the time of the invention that the low aqueous solubility of levodopa and 
carbidopa at the required pH made it impossible to solubilize sufficient 
amounts of the drugs to achieve effective continuous subcutaneous 
administration. See, e.g., Ex. 1013 (Pfeiffer18), 473 (“For drugs that are very 
soluble and require small infusion volumes, continuous subcutaneous 
infusion is a viable treatment option. While this is not possible for L-dopa, 
it has proven to be feasible for two dopamine agonists, apomorphine and 
lisuride.”); Ex. 1014 (Lundqvist19), 340 (“Especially the low aqueous 
solubility of levodopa made it impossible to consider subcutaneous 
administration since considerable volumes would have been required.”); 
Ex. 1003 (LeWitt Decl.) ¶¶ 47–48; Ex. 1004 (Sloan Decl.) ¶¶ 32–33; Opp. 5. 
Despite this prevailing view in the art—which is reflected in the ’418 
Application itself—the ’418 Application “provides no disclosure as to how a 
skilled artisan could overcome the[] solubility issues and get sufficient 
amounts of carbidopa (or L-dopa) into solution without using the specific 
disclosed phosphate prodrugs within Formulas (I) and (II).” Ex. 1004 (Sloan 
Decl.) ¶ 68; see also id. ¶¶ 66–67. 
Patent Owner seeks to excuse the lack of disclosure in the application 
of an LD/CD formulation for use in the claimed methods because “off the 
 
18 Pfeiffer, Transdermal drug delivery in Parkinson’s disease, 3(4) Aging 
Health 471–82 (2007). 
19 Lundqvist, Continuous levodopa for advanced Parkinson’s disease, 3(3) 
Neuropsychiatric Disease and Treatment 335–48 (2007). 

--- Page 33 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
33 
shelf” formulations that could be used in the claimed method were 
purportedly known, and a “patent ‘preferably omits’” well-known 
information. See Reply 6–7 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶¶ 48–81, 
169–174; Ex. 2087 (Fasano Decl.) ¶ 42 (noting that oral administration of 
levodopa and carbidopa has been the conventional approach for treating 
Parkinson’s Disease); Ex. 2090 (Remenar), 26–28; Ex. 2093 (Nutt), 483–84; 
Ex. 1012 (Quinn), 1132; Ex. 2095 (Larson) ¶¶ 48–64); Falko-Gunter 
Falkner, 448 F.3d at 1365–66; McRO, Inc. v. Bandai Namco Games Am. 
Inc., 959 F.3d 1091, 1102 (Fed. Cir. 2020). 
To be sure, the Federal Circuit has stated that to satisfy the written 
description requirement, “it is unnecessary to spell out every detail of the 
invention in the specification.” LizardTech, Inc. v. Earth Res. Mapping, 
PTY, Inc., 424 F.3d 1336, 1345 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (citations omitted). 
Nevertheless, “enough must be included to convince a person of skill in the 
art that the inventor possessed the invention.” Id. Here, as Petitioner 
establishes, the ’418 Application “says nothing about ‘off the shelf’ aqueous 
solutions of LD and CD, much less suggest[s] that they could be used in the 
claimed methods.” Sur-reply 4; see also Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶ 95 
(Patent Owner’s declarant conceding that “information about prior art 
solutions of levodopa and carbidopa is not repeated in the specification”). 
Again, “the hallmark of written description is disclosure”; “it is the 
specification itself that must demonstrate possession.” Ariad Pharms., 598 
F.3d at 1351, 1352. The critical formulation information Patent Owner cites 
to support these claims—e.g., an indication that the inventive methods 
extend to use of off-the-shelf levodopa/carbidopa formulations—is missing 
here. 

--- Page 34 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
34 
In fact, far from indicating that off-the-shelf levodopa/carbidopa 
formulations can be used in the inventive methods, the ’418 Application 
references existing formulations only to criticize them as insufficient due to 
solubility issues. See Ex. 2060 (’418 Application), 16 (¶ 5) (stating that due 
to the “low aqueous solubility at the pH range required for infusion,” 
“[s]table, more highly concentrated, and/or less viscous formulations 
comprising L-dopa and/or carbidopa (or compounds capable of in vivo 
bioconversion to L-dopa and/or carbidopa) are desirable”), 23 (¶¶ 49–50) 
(discussing challenges to achieving suitable levodopa/carbidopa 
formulations for infusion and introducing the purportedly novel prodrugs as 
“overcom[ing]” these challenges); see also Sur-reply 4 (“[T]he application 
repeatedly explains the significant challenges presented by LD and CD’s 
inherently low aqueous solubility.”). The ’418 Application nowhere asserts 
that levodopa/carbidopa formulations of sufficient solubility exist for use in 
the disclosed methods. See Sur-reply 4. A patentee cannot “rely on 
information that is well-known in the art” when the “four corners of the 
specification directly contradict information that the patentee alleges is well-
known.” Bos. Sci. Corp. v. Johnson & Johnson, 647 F.3d 1353, 1366 (Fed. 
Cir. 2011). 
Still further, Patent Owner has not established that the off-the-shelf 
formulations are even suitable for use in the claimed method. Most of the 
formulations Patent Owner identifies do not contain both levodopa (or a 
claimed prodrug) and carbidopa, and none had been administered 
subcutaneously. See Sur-reply 5; Ex. 1091 (Jenner Depo. Tr.), 71:20–72:16; 
Ex. 1012 (Quinn), 1132 (intravenous levodopa-only solution); Ex. 1025 

--- Page 35 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
35 
(Heller20), ¶ 270 (levodopa-only solution); Ex. 2093 (Nutt), 484 (intravenous 
levodopa-only solution); Ex 2095 (Larson), ¶ 48 (levodopa salt only). The 
prior art levodopa/carbidopa solutions Patent Owner identifies were used for 
oral administration, not continuous subcutaneous administration. See Sur-
reply 5; Ex. 2081 (Kurth21), 332, 335; Ex. 2090 (Remenar), 17–18, 40; 
Ex. 1090 (Fasano Depo. Tr.), 15:15–16:13; Ex. 1091 (Jenner Depo. Tr.), 
67:21–68:11. 
Patent Owner’s declarant Dr. Jenner testifies that even though the 
“prior art viewed the ‘low aqueous solubility’ of levodopa and carbidopa as 
a ‘major challenge,’” the application demonstrates that the inventors 
purportedly made a “surprising discovery that levodopa and carbidopa 
together . . . could be dosed via continuous subcutaneous administration to 
achieve therapeutic levodopa plasma levels greater than about 1000 ng/mL.” 
Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶ 88. He further testifies that without the work 
disclosed in the application, “the POSA might still believe, or erroneously 
think, that levodopa and carbidopa themselves cannot be used by continuous 
subcutaneous administration.” Id. ¶ 89. On this record, we agree with 
Petitioner that these opinions lack credibility. See Tr. 47:17–26. 
Dr. Jenner has 40 years of experience in the field. Ex. 2088 (Jenner 
Decl.) ¶ 129. Yet it was not until his work on this proceeding that he learned 
of the inventors’ “surprising discovery” that purportedly changed the belief 
of persons of ordinary skill in the art regarding the subcutaneous infusion of 
levodopa and carbidopa themselves. See Tr. 32:16–22 (Patent Owner’s 
 
20 Heller et al., US 2014/0088192 A1, published March 27, 2014. 
21 Kurth, Using Liquid Levodopa in the Treatment of Parkinson’s Disease, 
10(5) Drugs & Aging (1997), 332–40. 

--- Page 36 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
36 
counsel indicating that Dr. Jenner first changed his view in connection with 
his work on this proceeding). Indeed, more than six years after the priority 
date, Dr. Jenner co-authored an article detailing the “major challenges in 
utilising the subcutaneous route,” including the “lack of solubility of 
levodopa” and the added complexity of delivery with carbidopa, “with no 
suggestion that long-known techniques could overcome these challenges.” 
Sur-reply 8 (quoting Ex. 1086 (Urso22), 1157). 
As recently as 2021, the inventors themselves also continued to 
identify the poor solubility of levodopa and carbidopa as an obstacle to their 
subcutaneous delivery. See Ex. 1052 (Voight23), 1369 (“Unfortunately, the 
poor solubility of LD/CD leads to a large dose volume, requiring surgery for 
Duodopa administration.”).24 The inventors thus touted phosphate prodrugs 
of levodopa and carbidopa—not off-the-shelf levodopa/carbidopa 
formulations—as a solution to this problem. See id. (“We sought a new 
treatment for PD . . . culminating in the discovery of Foslevodopa/ 
Foscarbidopa.”25); see also Ex. 1047 (Forrest Decl.) ¶ 37. Neither party 
points to any recognition in the art (e.g., in published articles) of the 
 
22 Urso et al., Improving the Delivery of Levodopa in Parkinson’s Disease: 
A Review of Approved and Emerging Therapies; 34 CNS Drugs 1149–63 
(2020). 
23 Voight et al., Fueling the Pipeline via Innovations in Organic Synthesis, 
12 ACS Med. Chem. Lett. 1365–73 (2021). 
24 The Duodopa commercial product is a levodopa/carbidopa gel that is 
delivered directly to the small intestine via a tube inserted in the stomach 
wall and connected to an external infusion pump. Pet. 16; Ex. 1001, 2:21–
39. 
25 Foslevodopa and Foscarbidopa are phosphate prodrugs of levodopa and 
carbidopa, respectively. See Tr. 9:23–10:6. 

--- Page 37 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
37 
supposed breakthrough demonstrated by the ’507 patent’s disclosure 
regarding the use of a continuous subcutaneous infusion of levodopa and 
carbidopa. See Sur-reply 1–2. And to date, a continuous subcutaneous 
infusion of levodopa and carbidopa has not been commercialized.26 See id.; 
Ex. 1003 (LeWitt Decl.) ¶ 48. 
On this record, Petitioner convinces us that Patent Owner’s arguments 
regarding the alleged written description support for a formulation 
comprising levodopa and carbidopa amount to a post-hoc justification 
designed to secure overbroad claims. Sur-reply 1–2. This is exactly the 
scenario the written description requirement seeks to guard against. See, 
e.g., Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1353–54 (“[T]he purpose of the written description 
requirement is to ensure that the scope of the right to exclude, as set forth in 
the claims, does not overreach the scope of the inventor’s contribution to the 
field of art as described in the patent specification.”) (citations omitted); 
Pet. 55. 
Even beyond finding that the ’418 Application fails to disclose the use 
of carbidopa/levodopa formulations in the claimed method, we further find 
that the ’418 Application does not demonstrate possession of the 
administration of such a formulation for continuous subcutaneous 
administration, as recited in proposed substitute claim 18. See Opp. 7–8. 
 
26 Petitioner asserts that it has “developed a proprietary formulation, known 
as ND0612, which “combines L-dopa and carbidopa with specific excipients 
in a way that overcomes the solubility issues and allows sufficient L-dopa 
and carbidopa to enter into solution for continuous subcutaneous 
administration.” Pet. 20; Ex. 1003 (LeWitt Decl.) ¶ 49. Patent Owner 
acknowledges that the ND0612 “is both proprietary and undisclosed to 
date.” Mot. 19. 

--- Page 38 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
38 
Examples 16 and 19 in the ’418 Application state that the dosing route was 
“subcutaneous,” but there are multiple ways to administer a drug 
subcutaneously, including continuously or via a bolus injection. See, e.g., 
Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶ 82. Dr. Forrest explains why the administration in 
these examples was likely a bolus injection. Ex. 1047 (Forrest Decl.) ¶¶ 62, 
66, 86–87. Bolus injections can allow for larger volumes than are feasible 
for continuous subcutaneous administration. See Opp. 7–8; Ex. 2087 
(Fasano Decl.) ¶¶ 47–48. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that Examples 16 and 19 disclose 
bolus, rather than continuous, subcutaneous injections of carbidopa and 
levodopa. See, e.g., Reply 5–6; Ex. 2086 (Rosenbaum Decl.) ¶ 51 
(conceding that Dr. Forrest’s opinion that Example 16 likely involved a 
bolus injection “may be a reasonable conclusion”); ¶ 59 (“it is reasonable to 
assume that the data provided in Table 19-A was generated via a short 
subcutaneous injection (i.e., bolus)”). Nor does Patent Owner point to any 
disclosure in the application that expressly discloses continuous 
subcutaneous administration of levodopa and/or carbidopa. Instead, Patent 
Owner argues that “a subcutaneous bolus injection just uses a shorter period 
of time,” and “the resulting data” is applicable “to longer periods (i.e., 
continuous infusions).” Reply 5 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2087 (Fasano Decl.) 
¶¶ 47–48; Ex. 2086 (Rosenbaum Decl.) ¶¶ 24, 26, 51, 59, 87; Ex. 2075 
(Broadhead27), 326). 
In particular, Patent Owner appears to suggest that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have been able to use the pharmacokinetic 
 
27 Broadhead et al., Parenteral Dosage Forms, in Pharmaceutical 
Preformulation and Formulation 325–347 (Gibson ed. 2nd ed. 2009). 

--- Page 39 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
39 
data in the application generated from the bolus subcutaneous injections of 
levodopa and carbidopa in order to achieve continuous subcutaneous 
administration of those compounds. See Reply 5–6. According to Patent 
Owner, in order to practice the claimed method, a person of ordinary skill in 
the art could have used the pharmacokinetic data to develop a suitable 
volume of a formulation containing both levodopa and carbidopa, devise a 
suitable rate of administration of that formulation, and ascertain a suitable 
number of administration sites. See id. (arguing that the “compositions can 
be subcutaneously administered, e.g., via multiple injection sites of 2–3 
mL/hr to meet the calculated administration rate,” and “the volumes are 
feasible”) (citing, e.g., Ex. 2088 (Jenner Decl.) ¶¶ 23, 83, 84, 86, 170, 185–
91; Ex. 2087 (Fasano Decl.) ¶¶ 47–48, 51). 
As an initial matter, on this record, Patent Owner does not convince us 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have gleaned all of the 
suggested information based on the disclosure, given the application’s 
teachings about the solubility concerns plaguing development of a 
levodopa/carbidopa formulation for continuous subcutaneous administration. 
But even if a person of ordinary skill in the art could have or would have 
done so, the application at best merely renders the claimed method obvious, 
because none of what Patent Owner describes is found within the application 
itself. See Sur-reply 3–5 (correctly arguing that Patent Owner “improperly 
bases its arguments entirely on evidence outside the application”). And 
again, “a description that merely renders the invention obvious does not 
satisfy the [written description] requirement”; “it is the specification itself 
that must demonstrate possession.” Ariad Pharms., 598 F.3d at 1352. 
Critical information to support these claims—e.g., an indication that the 
inventive methods extend to use of off-the-shelf levodopa and carbidopa 

--- Page 40 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
40 
formulations, and that those formulations can be used for continuous 
subcutaneous administration as claimed—is missing here. 
For all of the above reasons, we find that Petitioner demonstrates by a 
preponderance of the evidence that the application does not provide 
adequate written description support for the claimed formulation limitations 
[18a–c], particularly as they relate to a formulation comprising carbidopa 
itself with levodopa (or one of the three claimed levodopa prodrugs), and to 
such a formulation suitable for continuous subcutaneous administration. 
2. 
Whether the ’418 Application Describes the Claimed 
Pharmacokinetic Limitations ([18d], [18f]) 
Petitioner asserts that because the ’418 Application “fails to disclose 
even a single example of the claimed formulations,” it “fails to disclose the 
claimed steady state levodopa plasma levels resulting from administration of 
such a formulation.” Opp. 10. 
Patent Owner responds that Examples 16–21 in the ’418 Application 
build on each other, providing in vivo pharmacokinetic information from 
subcutaneous administration, culminating in Example 24, which can be used 
to predict human steady state levodopa plasma levels and corresponding 
doses for continuous subcutaneous administration. See Reply 2–4 (citing, 
e.g., Ex. 2086 (Rosenbaum Decl.) ¶¶ 12, 50–67, 69–71, 90–110, 112–22). 
Example 24 nominally “purports to predict the steady state plasma 
exposures of levodopa in humans following administration of a formulation 
including two prodrugs, carbidopa 4’ monophosphate and levodopa 4’-
monophospate.” Opp. 11. Patent Owner, however, argues that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art “would have understood that the prediction in 
Example 24 was not limited to only one LD/CD combination, but illustrative 
of other combinations within the scope of the invention, because all the 

--- Page 41 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
41 
claimed compounds were sufficiently characterized individually (Examples 
16 and 19-A) and in representative combinations (Examples 17 and 19-
B28).” Reply 4 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2086 (Rosenbaum Decl.) ¶¶ 85–92). In 
other words, as Dr. Rosenbaum opines, a person of ordinary skill in the art 
“would readily appreciate that the steady state plasma estimation taught in 
Example 24 could be applied to other [undisclosed] combinations of the 
compounds identified and tested in the ’507 patent,” and from that 
information, a person of ordinary skill in the art could “determine how much 
of a particular combination of the compounds, for which pharmacokinetic 
data or information was provided, should be administered by continuous 
subcutaneous infusion to achieve the blood plasma concentrations in the 
proposed substitute claims of the ’507 patent.” Ex. 2086 (Rosenbaum Decl.) 
¶ 12. 
After consideration of all of the arguments and cited evidence of 
record, we agree with Petitioner that the ’418 Application fails to provide 
adequate written description support for the pharmacokinetic limitations of 
proposed substitute claim 18 (i.e., limitations [18d], [18f]). Petitioner 
establishes that “[t]he application does not include, or even suggest 
performing, PK simulations for the claimed formulations. Indeed, the ’418 
Application does not suggest simulating any formulations other than the 4’ 
monophosphate prodrugs in Example 24.”29 Sur-Reply 4. The simulations 
 
28 Examples 17 and 19-B describe pharmacokinetic studies in rats and 
minipigs, respectively. Ex. 2086 (Rosenbaum Decl.) ¶¶ 56, 60. In both 
studies, a combination of a levodopa prodrug was administered together with 
various doses of a carbidopa prodrug. See id. 
29 Patent Owner criticizes Petitioner’s declarants for not performing any 
pharmacokinetic models based on the data in the application. Reply 3 

--- Page 42 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
42 
Dr. Rosenbaum discusses “cannot support the PK elements because they are 
entirely outside of (and nowhere suggested by) the application and, at best, 
would render the PK elements obvious.” Sur-reply 5; see also Ariad 
Pharms., 598 F.3d at 1353 (“A patent is not a hunting license. It is not a 
reward for the search, but compensation for its successful conclusion.”). 
For the above reasons, we find that Petitioner demonstrates by a 
preponderance of the evidence that the ’418 Application does not provide 
adequate written description support for the claimed pharmacokinetic 
limitations ([18d], [18f]), particularly as they relate to a formulation 
comprising carbidopa itself with levodopa (or one of the three claimed 
levodopa prodrugs). This is an additional, independent reason why we 
determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
the proposed substitute claims are unpatentable. 
3. 
Conclusion 
For the reasons discussed above, on the full trial record, we find that 
Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
proposed substitute claims are unpatentable for lack of adequate written 
description support. 
G. 
Petitioner’s Remaining Arguments 
Petitioner additionally argues that the proposed substitute claims are 
unpatentable as follows: (1) claims 18–30 lack enablement; (2) claims 18–20 
 
(asserting that “[Petitioner’s] experts admit they did not conduct any similar 
PK analysis, despite this being the crux of the claims,” and citing Ex. 2063 
(LeWitt Depo. Tr.), 235:9–236:7; Ex. 2070 (Forrest Depo. Tr.), 33:20–34:4). 
Patent Owner, however, does not demonstrate where the application teaches 
or suggests that a person of ordinary skill in the art should do modeling in 
order to practice the inventive methods with the claimed compounds. 

--- Page 43 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
43 
and 23–30 are anticipated by Yacoby-Zeevi;30 (3) claims 18–20 and 23–30 
would have been obvious over Yacoby-Zeevi; and (4) claims 18–30 would 
have been obviousness over Yacoby-Zeevi and Nyholm.31 Opp. 16–25. 
As discussed above, we determine that (i) Patent Owner has not 
carried its burden of showing by a preponderance of the evidence that 
proposed substitute claims 18–30 introduce no new matter relative to the 
original disclosure; and (ii) Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that proposed substitute claims 18–30 are unpatentable for lack of 
adequate written description support. Because these determinations are 
dispositive of Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend as to all of the proposed 
substitute claims, we need not reach Petitioner’s enablement, anticipation, 
and obviousness arguments for these claims. See SAS Inst. Inc. v. Iancu, 138 
S. Ct. 1348, 1359 (2018) (holding that a petitioner “is entitled to a final 
written decision addressing all of the claims it has challenged”); Bos. Sci. 
Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 F. App’x 984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) 
(nonprecedential) (agreeing that the Board has “discretion to decline to 
decide additional instituted grounds once the petitioner has prevailed on all 
its challenged claims”). 
 
30 Yacoby-Zeevi, et al., Maintenance of Constant Steady State Therapeutic 
Plasma Concentrations of Levodopa Following Its Continuous 
Subcutaneous Administration with Carbidopa (Ex. 1005). 
31 Nyholm, et al., Pharmacokinetics of Levodopa, Carbidopa, and 3-O-
Methyldopa Following 16-hour Jejunal Infusion of Levodopa-Carbidopa 
Intestinal Gel in Advanced Parkinson’s Disease Patients, 15(2) The AAPS 
Journal 316–23, April 2013 (Ex. 1006). 

--- Page 44 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
44 
III. PETITIONER’S MOTION TO STRIKE 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Strike the Rosenbaum Declaration 
(Ex. 2086), Fasano Declaration (Ex. 2087), and Jenner Declaration 
(Ex. 2088), along with “35 new exhibits” submitted together with these 
Declarations. Paper 49 (“MTS”), 1. As the moving party, Petitioner bears 
the burden of establishing that it is entitled to the requested relief. 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.20(c). 
1. 
Exhibits 2066–2085, 2089–2107 
As an initial matter, we deny Petitioner’s motion as to exhibits other 
than the Rosenbaum, Fasano, and Jenner Declarations. Petitioner mentions 
that its request to strike encompasses “35 new exhibits,” but it fails to 
specifically identify those exhibits (e.g., by exhibit number). MTS 1. We 
observe that on June 12, 2023, in addition to filing the Rosenbaum, Fasano, 
and Jenner Declarations, Patent Owner filed thirty-five other exhibits (i.e., 
Exhibits 2066–2085, 2089–2107). Accordingly, we will assume that 
Petitioner seeks to strike Exhibits 2066–2085 and 2089–2107. 
Not all of these exhibits, however, appear to have been submitted in 
support of the Declarations. For example, Exhibit 2070 is a deposition 
transcript of Dr. Forrest, one of Petitioner’s Reply declarants. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1047 (Forrest Decl.). Several other of these exhibits also appear to 
relate to Dr. Forrest. See, e.g., Exhs. 2067 (transcript of Forrest deposition 
in a different proceeding), 2068 (Forrest declaration from a different 
proceeding), 2103 (same). Petitioner’s motion does not specifically address 
Exhibits 2066–2085 and 2089–2107 or explain why they should be stricken, 
particularly those that appear to be related to Dr. Forrest’s cross-
examination. 

--- Page 45 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
45 
Accordingly, Petitioner’s lack of specificity in articulating why we 
should strike Exhibits 2066–2085 and 2089–2107 warrants denying 
Petitioner’s motion as to those exhibits. 
2. 
Rosenbaum, Fasano, and Jenner Declarations 
Turning to the Rosenbaum, Fasano, and Jenner Declarations, 
Petitioner first argues that they should be stricken because they purport to 
support arguments Patent Owner made in its Motion to Amend, including 
arguments on which Patent Owner bears the burden of persuasion, and 
arguments addressed in the Motion to Amend but supported only by attorney 
argument. See, e.g., MTS 2–3, 5. We agree with Petitioner that if Patent 
Owner had sought to rely on the Declarations to support its arguments on 
issues for which Patent Owner bears the burden of proof in its Motion to 
Amend (i.e., the statutory and regulatory requirements associated with the 
Motion to Amend), the Declarations would have been filed too late for this 
purpose. See TPG 74–75 (indicating that it is “improper for a reply to 
present new evidence (including new expert testimony) that could have been 
presented in a prior filing”). 
However, we do not understand Patent Owner to be relying on the 
Declarations in an effort to meet the statutory and regulatory requirements 
associated with its Motion to Amend. Indeed, Patent Owner’s Reply 
nowhere refers to the statutory and regulatory requirements. Instead, the 
Reply focuses only on Petitioner’s alleged grounds of unpatentability raised 
in Petitioner’s Opposition to the Motion to Amend. See, e.g., Reply (i) 
(Table of Contents). 
Our rules and guidelines permit Patent Owner to submit new 
evidence, including declarations, with its reply to Petitioner’s opposition. 
See 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b); Notice Regarding a New Pilot Program 

--- Page 46 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
46 
Concerning Motion to Amend Practice and Procedures in Trial Proceedings 
under the America Invents Act before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, 84 
Fed. Reg. 9,497, 9,500 (Mar. 15, 2019) (“Generally speaking, new evidence 
(including declarations) may be submitted with every paper in the MTA 
process, except a sur-reply.”). This, however, is not the end of the inquiry. 
Petitioner argues that even though a patent owner is permitted to submit 
declarations with its reply in support of a motion to amend, the Declarations 
here are nevertheless untimely because they purport to support arguments 
Patent Owner articulated in its Motion to Amend, but failed to substantiate 
with evidence. See, e.g., MTS 2–3, 5. 
After considering the arguments and cited evidence of record, we 
observe that Patent Owner’s Declarations contain material that is both timely 
and untimely. For example, Patent Owner identifies opinions in the 
Declarations that are proper response, such as arguments and evidence 
responsive to material in the Forrest Declaration, which Petitioner submitted 
with its Opposition to Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend. See MTS Opp. 4–
5. 
On the other hand, Petitioner shows that Patent Owner took positions 
in its Motion to Amend that it only later sought to support with technical 
declarations. For example, in the Motion to Amend, Patent Owner elected to 
assert “that levodopa and carbidopa could be ‘interchanged’ in a formulation 
with their prodrugs, and that a skilled artisan could ‘perform a 
pharmacokinetic analysis to predict steady state levodopa plasma levels’ 
using the ‘parent compounds’ based on Example 24.” MTS 2 (citing Mot. 
12–13). Patent Owner, however, “chose to forgo any expert support” on 
these issues at the time it filed its Motion to Amend, and instead waited until 
the Reply to submit technical declarations in support of these arguments. Id. 

--- Page 47 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
47 
We agree with Petitioner that although Patent Owner “was not required to 
anticipate the arguments that [Petitioner] would make in its Opposition” to 
the Motion to Amend, if Patent Owner “wanted to provide expert testimony 
to support the positions it actually took” in that Motion, “the TPG required 
[Patent Owner] to do so at that time, instead of waiting until [Petitioner] had 
limited ability to respond.” Id. at 5. Accordingly, we agree with Petitioner 
that in this respect at least some portions of Patent Owner’s Declarations are 
untimely, because it is “improper for a reply to present new evidence 
(including new expert testimony) that could have been presented in a prior 
filing.” TPG 74. 
Nevertheless, an order striking arguments and evidence in their 
entirety is an “exceptional remedy,” particularly under the circumstances 
here, where some portions of the Declarations are proper, while other 
portions are untimely. TPG 80. Moreover, “there is a strong public policy 
for making all information filed in an administrative proceeding available to 
the public.” Liberty Mut. Ins. Co. v. Progressive Cas. Ins. Co., CBM2012-
00010, Paper 59 at 40 (PTAB Feb. 24, 2014). Under the facts of this case, 
Patent Owner was permitted to file evidence to respond to Petitioner’s 
unpatentability claims, but also belatedly supported positions it made in 
earlier attorney argument. Petitioner’s Motion to Strike, however, 
challenges all of Patent Owner’s evidence, without acknowledging that some 
portions constitute proper reply. Although “[t]he Board is not required to 
attempt to sort proper from improper portions of the reply” (TPG 74, 
emphasis added), under the circumstances here, we agree with Patent Owner 
that Petitioner’s lack of specificity as to what it seeks to strike is fatal to 
Petitioner’s motion. Accordingly, we decline to strike the Declarations in 
their entirety as untimely. 

--- Page 48 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
48 
Separately, Petitioner argues that we should strike Patent Owner’s 
“untimely evidence” because it is improperly incorporated by reference into 
Patent Owner’s Reply. MTS 6–7; see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.6(a)(3) 
(prohibiting incorporating arguments by reference from one document to 
another). As an initial matter, we first address Petitioner’s argument to the 
extent it extends to all exhibits filed on June 12, 2023, in addition to the 
Rosenbaum, Fasano, and Jenner Declarations. We deny such a request out 
of hand, because Petitioner addresses only the Rosenbaum, Fasano, and 
Jenner Declarations in detail, and fails to address how any of the other 
exhibits Patent Owner filed on June 12, 2023, is allegedly improperly 
incorporated by reference. 
As to the Rosenbaum, Fasano, and Jenner Declarations, Petitioner 
points us to five particular examples of alleged improper incorporation by 
reference. First, Petitioner points to page 2 of the Reply, where Patent 
Owner presents a single citation to 85 paragraphs of Dr. Jenner’s 
Declaration. MTS 6. We agree with Petitioner that this particular citation is 
overbroad, but instead of striking the entire Jenner Declaration, we simply 
give this particular citation no weight when evaluating the particular 
statement Patent Owner makes on page 2 of its Reply in connection with that 
citation. 
Second, Petitioner points to page 9 of the Reply, which cites two 
portions of the Jenner declaration, one spanning 22 paragraphs and one 
spanning 16 paragraphs. MTS 6. Third, Petitioner points to page 15 of the 
Reply, which cites 27 paragraphs of the Fasano Declaration. See id. These 
sections of the Reply respond to portions of Petitioner’s unpatentability 
arguments that we did not reach. Accordingly, we dismiss Petitioner’s 
complaints as to these citations as moot. 

--- Page 49 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
49 
Fourth, Petitioner asserts that “in multiple places, the Reply cites 19 
paragraphs of Dr. Rosenbaum’s declaration.” MTS 7. Petitioner, however, 
does not indicate where in the Reply these citations occur. Fifth and finally, 
Petitioner asserts that “there are 19 instances where the Reply cites to 10 
paragraphs or more of the one of the three declarations.” Id. at 7 (citing 
Reply at 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15). Petitioner did not identify these 
citations with sufficient particularity to permit us a fair evaluation of the 
propriety of Patent Owner’s citations. 
Petitioner also argues that Patent Owner’s Reply “fails to at all discuss 
over 130 substantive paragraphs from the three expert declarations.” 
MTS 7. Our rules, however, do not require that every statement made in a 
declaration be cited in a brief. See, e.g., Sumitomo Elec. Indus., Ltd. v. 
United Techs. Corp., IPR2017-00966, Paper 7, at 11 (PTAB Sept. 13, 2017). 
For the above reasons, on this record, Petitioner does not persuade us 
to strike the Declarations either as improperly incorporated by reference, or 
for lack of citation in Patent Owner’s Reply. 
3. 
Conclusion 
For the above reasons, we deny Petitioner’s motion to strike. 
IV. PATENT OWNER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
Patent Owner moves to exclude Exhibits 1005, 1007, 1040–1044, 
1046, and 1048–1050. Paper 66 (“MTE”). Petitioner opposes the motion. 
See Paper 71. As the moving party, Patent Owner bears the burden of 
establishing that it is entitled to the requested relief. 37 C.F.R. § 42.20(c). 
All of the exhibits that are the subject of Patent Owner’s motion to 
exclude relate to the prior-art status and/or authenticity of Yacoby-Zeevi and 
ancillary related documents underlying Petitioner’s prior art-based 
challenges to the proposed substitute claims. See generally MTE. Because 

--- Page 50 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
50 
we deny Patent Owner’s request to enter proposed substitute claims 18–30 
based on lack of written description support and do not reach Petitioner’s 
prior-art based challenges to the patentability of these claims, we do not rely 
on Exhibits 1005, 1007, 1040–1044, 1046, or 1048–1050 in this Decision. 
Accordingly we dismiss Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude as moot. 
V. CONCLUSION 
We grant Patent Owner’s Non-Contingent Motion to Amend as to 
Patent Owner’s request to cancel claims 1–17 of the ’507 patent. As to 
Patent Owner’s request to add proposed substitute claims 18–30, based on 
the arguments and cited evidence of record, we determine that Patent Owner 
has not carried its burden of demonstrating that the proposed substitute 
claims have adequate written description support in the original disclosure, 
and that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
the proposed substitute claims are not patentable because they lack adequate 
written description support. Accordingly, we deny Patent Owner’s Motion 
to Amend to the extent it requests to add proposed substitute claims 18–30. 
Additionally, we deny Petitioner’s Motion to Strike, and dismiss as 
moot Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude. 
In summary: 
 
32 As explained above (see supra Section II.G), we do not reach this ground. 
33 As explained above (see supra Section II.G), we do not reach this ground. 
Claims 
 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
18–30 
112(a) 
Written 
Description 
18–30 
 
18–30 
112(a) 
Enablement32 
 
 
18–20, 
102 
Yacoby-Zeevi33 
 
 

--- Page 51 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
51 
 
Motion to Amend Outcome 
Claim(s) 
Original Claims Cancelled by Amendment 
1–17 
Substitute Claims Proposed in the Amendment 
18–30 
Substitute Claims: Motion to Amend Granted 
 
Substitute Claims: Motion to Amend Denied 
18–30 
Substitute Claims: Not Reached 
 
 
VI. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Non-Contingent Motion to Amend is 
granted as to the request to cancel original claims 1–17 of U.S. Patent 
No. 11,091,507 B2; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend is 
denied as to the request to add proposed substitute claims 18–30 to U.S. 
Patent No. 11,091,507 B2; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Strike is denied; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot; and 
 
34 As explained above (see supra Section II.G), we do not reach this ground. 
35 As explained above (see supra Section II.G), we do not reach this ground. 
23–30 
18–20, 
23–30 
103 
Yacoby-Zeevi34 
 
 
18–30 
103 
Yacoby-Zeevi, 
Nyholm35 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
18–30 
 

--- Page 52 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
52 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
any party seeking judicial review must comply with the notice and service 
requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 

--- Page 53 ---
PGR2022-00040 
Patent 11,091,507 B2 
53 
FOR PETITIONER: 
William Chad Shear 
Geoffrey D. Biegler 
Bonnie Fletcher Price 
Mark Weinstein 
COOLEY LLP 
cshear@cooley.com 
gbiegler@cooley.com 
bfletcherprice@cooley.com 
mweinstein@cooley.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Anthony Insogna 
Matthew Johnson 
Sarah Geers 
Kunyong Yang 
Laura Kanouse 
Evan Jones 
JONES DAY 
aminsogna@jonesday.com 
mwjohnson@jonesday.com 
sgeers@jonesday.com 
kyang@jonesday.com 
lkanouse@jonesday.com 
evanjones@jonesday.com