--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
 
 
 
 
 Paper 48 
571-272-7822 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: February 3, 2025 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
PARSE BIOSCIENCES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
10X GENOMICS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
 
Before MICHAEL J. FITZPATRICK, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and 
DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
FITZPATRICK, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Petitioner, Parse Biosciences, Inc., filed a Petition to institute an inter 
partes review of all claims, namely claims 1–28, of U.S. Patent No. 
10,697,013 B1 (“the ’013 patent”) pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 311(a). Paper 1 
(“Pet.”). Patent Owner, 10X Genomics, Inc., filed a Preliminary Response 
pursuant to 37 C.F.R. § 42.107(b). Paper 6 (“Prelim. Resp.”). After initially 
denying the Petition, we granted it on rehearing and instituted an inter partes 
review. Paper 9 (“Dec. on Reh’g”). 
During the review, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response to 
the Petition (Paper 21 (“PO Resp.”)), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 27 
(“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 33 (“PO Sur-
reply”). Additionally, each party filed a motion to exclude. Paper 39 (“Pet. 
Mot. To Exclude”); Paper 38 (“PO Mot. To Exclude”).1 
An oral hearing was held November 6, 2024. A transcript of the 
hearing is of record in this case. Paper 47 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6, and this Final Written 
Decision, issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a), addresses issues and 
arguments raised during the trial. For the reasons discussed below, we 
determine that Petitioner has proven, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that claims 1–28 of the ’013 patent are unpatentable. 
 
1 Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude does not identify any exhibit it seeks to 
exclude and instead exclusively targets arguments. See Pet. Mot. To 
Exclude 1 (“Pursuant to FRE 401, 402, and 403, Petitioner moves to exclude 
all arguments in Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply (Paper 33) (‘POSR’) that pertain 
to a restriction enzyme known as BtsI.”). Petitioner’s Motion is improper 
and denied. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) (providing for a “motion to exclude 
evidence” (emphasis added)). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
3 
A. Real Parties In Interest 
Each party identifies itself as the sole real party in interest. Pet. 3; 
Paper 5, at 1. 
B. Related Matters 
The parties identify 10x Genomics v. Parse Biosciences, Inc., 22-cv-
01117 (D. Del.) as involving the ’013 patent. Pet. 3; Paper 5, at 1. 
Additionally, the parties identify IPR2023-00876 and IPR2023-00955. 
Pet. 4; Paper 5, at 1. In IPR2023-00876, the Board issued a final written 
decision that all claims of related U.S. Patent No. 10,155,981 B2 (“the ’981 
patent”) are unpatentable, and Patent Owner has filed a Notice of Appeal. 
IPR2023-00876, Papers 47 and 48. In IPR2023-00955, the Board issued a 
final written decision that all claims of related U.S. Patent No. 10,240,197 
B1 (“the ’197 patent”) are unpatentable. IPR2023-00955, Paper 46. 
C. The ’013 Patent 
The ’013 patent is titled “Methods For Analyzing Nucleic Acids From 
Single Cells.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The focus of the ’013 patent 
Specification, other than the claims, however, is directed to the “reflex 
method.” For example, the “Summary of the Invention” states in its entirety 
the following: 
Aspects of the present invention are drawn to processes for 
moving a region of interest in a polynucleotide from a first 
position to a second position with regard to a domain within the 
polynucleotide, also referred to as a “reflex method” (or reflex 
process, reflex sequence process, reflex reaction, and the like). 
In certain embodiments, the reflex method results in moving a 
region of interest into functional proximity to specific domain 
elements present in the polynucleotide (e.g., primer sites and/or 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
4 
MID[2]). Compositions, kits and systems that find use in 
carrying out the reflex processes described herein are also 
provided. 
Ex. 1001, 1:63–2:6. 
The ’013 patent’s filing date is March 12, 2020. Id., code (22). 
However, it claims priority through numerous continuation applications and 
ultimately to a provisional application filed August 20, 2009. Ex. 1001, 
codes (63), (60), 1:7–34. The Petition does not challenge the asserted 
priority date of August 20, 2009. See Pet. 6 (“[T]he earliest priority date of 
the ’013 Patent is August 20, 2009.”). 
D. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenged all of the claims of the ’013 patent, namely 
claims 1–28. Claim 1 is the sole independent claim and reproduced below: 
1. 
A method for multiplexed analysis of nucleic acids 
from single cells, the method comprising: 
(a) providing a sample comprising a plurality of cells, 
wherein a single cell of the plurality of cells comprises a 
plurality of sample polynucleotides; 
(b) performing combinatorial tagging to generate a 
plurality of tagged polynucleotides from said plurality of 
sample polynucleotides and a plurality of oligonucleotide tags, 
wherein a tagged polynucleotide of the plurality of tagged 
polynucleotides is generated by: 
(A) providing an extension product by primer 
extension using a first oligonucleotide tag and a sample 
 
2 The acronym “MID” is short for “multiplex identifier” and “refers to a tag 
or combination of tags associated with a polynucleotide whose identity (e.g., 
the tag DNA sequence) can be used to differentiate polynucleotides in a 
sample.” Ex. 1001, 6:33–36. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
5 
polynucleotide of said plurality of sample 
polynucleotides, and 
(B) ligating a second oligonucleotide tag to said 
extension product, and 
wherein said tagged polynucleotide of the plurality of 
tagged polynucleotides comprises: 
 
(i) a sample sequence corresponding to said 
sample polynucleotide of the plurality of sample 
polynucleotides; 
(ii) a first tag sequence distinguishing said sample 
polynucleotide from sample polynucleotides from other 
cells; and 
(iii) a second tag sequence distinguishing said 
sample polynucleotide from other sample 
polynucleotides from said cell; 
(c) amplifying said tagged polynucleotide, thereby 
generating a plurality of amplified polynucleotides 
corresponding to the tagged polynucleotide; and 
(d) sequencing said plurality of amplified 
polynucleotides to determine sequences of the amplified 
polynucleotides corresponding to the sample sequence, the first 
tag sequence, and the second tag sequence of the tagged 
polynucleotide; and 
(e) using the sequences determined in step (d) to count 
sample polynucleotides for multiple different sample 
polynucleotides of multiple different single cells of said 
plurality of cells. 
Ex. 1001, 30:38–31:10. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
6 
C. The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts the following grounds of unpatentability: 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §3 Basis 
1–12, 19–28 
 103(a) 
Linnarsson,4 McCloskey,5 and 
“further in view of the 
knowledge of a [person of 
ordinary skill in the art]” 
13–18 
 103(a) 
Linnarsson, McCloskey, 
McCloskey II6 and “further in 
view of the knowledge of a 
[person of ordinary skill in the 
art]” 
Pet. 5. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Claim Construction 
The challenged claims should be read in light of the Specification, as 
it would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Suitco 
 
3 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 
which was enacted September 16, 2011, made amendments to 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 102 and 103. AIA § 3(b)–(c). Those amendments became effective 
eighteen months later on March 16, 2013. Id. at § 3(n). Because the 
application from which the ’013 patent issued claims priority to an 
application filed before March 16, 2013, any citations herein to 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 102 and 103 are to their pre-AIA versions. Id. at § 3(n)(1). 
4 WO 2010/117620 A2, published Oct. 14, 2010 (“Linnarsson,” Ex. 1003). 
5 Megan L. McCloskey et al., Encoding PCR Products with Batch- 
Stamps and Barcodes, 45 BIOCHEM. GENET., 761–767 (2007) 
(“McCloskey,” Ex. 1004). 
6 US 2007/0020640 A1, published Jan. 25, 2007 (“McCloskey II,” 
Ex. 1055). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
7 
Surface, Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally 
give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re 
Translogic Tech., Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary 
and customary meaning is the meaning that the term would have to a person 
of ordinary skill in the art in question.” (internal quotation marks omitted)); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs 
according to the same standard as used in federal court). 
The Petition states that “Petitioner does not believe that any terms 
require explicit construction in view of the prior art being presented.” 
Pet. 27. Despite this stated position, Petitioner argues that the ’013 patent 
provides a definition for the claim term “sample,” namely, “a quantity of 
material from a biological, environmental, medical, or patient source in 
which detection, measurement, or labeling of target nucleic acids is sought.” 
Id. (quoting Ex. 1001, 12:15–18). Patent Owner, in its Preliminary 
Response, stated that it “agrees that at this time, solely for purposes of an 
institution decision on the Petition, no terms require explicit construction.” 
Prelim. Resp. 45. In instituting the IPR, we found no need to provide an 
express construction of any claim term. See generally Dec. on Reh’g; see 
also Paper 7, at 7 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
In the Patent Owner Response, Patent Owner repeats that it “does not 
believe any term needs construction,” but nonetheless “applies the Petition’s 
definition for ‘sample.’” PO Resp. 22. We apply this same definition in our 
analysis. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
8 
B. Obviousness Generally 
A claim is unpatentable “if the differences between the subject matter 
sought to be patented and the prior art are such that the subject matter as a 
whole would have been obvious at the time the invention was made to a 
person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject matter pertains.” 
35 U.S.C. § 103(a). “Obviousness is a question of law based on underlying 
facts.” MobileMedia Ideas LLC v. Apple Inc., 780 F.3d 1159, 1167 (Fed. 
Cir. 2015). The underlying facts include (i) the scope and content of the 
prior art, (ii) any differences between the prior art and the claimed invention, 
(iii) the level of ordinary skill in the field of the invention, and (iv) any 
relevant objective considerations of nonobviousness. Id. (citing Graham v. 
John Deere of Kan. City, 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966)). Further, if all the 
elements of an invention are found in a combination of prior art references, 
then: 
a proper analysis under § 103 requires, inter alia, consideration 
of two factors: (1) whether the prior art would have suggested to 
those of ordinary skill in the art that they should make the 
claimed composition or device, or carry out the claimed process; 
and (2) whether the prior art would also have revealed that in so 
making or carrying out, those of ordinary skill would have a 
reasonable expectation of success. 
Medichem, S.A. v. Rolabo, S.L., 437 F.3d 1157, 1164 (Fed. Cir. 2006). 
C. Level Of Ordinary Skill In The Art 
In determining whether an invention would have been obvious at the 
time it was made, we consider the level of ordinary skill in the pertinent art 
at the time of the invention. Graham, 383 U.S. at 17. “The importance of 
resolving the level of ordinary skill in the art lies in the necessity of 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
9 
maintaining objectivity in the obviousness inquiry.” Ryko Mfg. Co. v. 
Nu-Star, Inc., 950 F.2d 714, 718 (Fed. Cir. 1991). The “person having 
ordinary skill in the art” is a hypothetical construct, from whose vantage 
point obviousness is assessed. In re Rouffet, 149 F.3d 1350, 1357 (Fed. Cir. 
1998). 
According to Petitioner: 
A person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) relating to 
the ’013 Patent would have had (1) a Masters degree and/or 
Ph.D. in molecular biology, genetics, chemistry, engineering, or 
a related discipline and at least two years of post-Masters, 
postdoctoral, or industry experience or (2) a Bachelor of Science 
in such disciplines and at least five years of academic or industry 
experience (including any experimental work toward a graduate 
degree), relating to DNA sequencing technologies, amplification 
methods, and gene expression analysis. EX1002 ¶ 51. Further, a 
POSA would have been familiar with associated tools, methods, 
and techniques including: (1) polynucleotide tagging, (2) 
amplification, (3) use of tags to overcome amplification bias, (4) 
single cell analysis, (5) ligation and primer extension, and (6) 
sequencing. EX1002 ¶¶ 52, 74–95. 
Pet. 14–15.7 
Patent Owner does not directly dispute Petitioner’s proposal but does 
offer its own proposal. PO Resp. 21. Patent Owner proposes that the skilled 
artisan “would have had a Ph.D. in molecular biology, molecular genetics, 
biochemistry, physics, mechanical engineering, or a related discipline, with 
 
7 Exhibit 1002 is a declaration by Petitioner’s witness, Gregory Cooper, 
Ph.D. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
10 
two years of academic, research, or industry experience in the field of 
genomic or transcriptome sequencing.” Id. (citing Ex. 2013 ¶¶25–268). 
Both of the parties’ proposals as to the level of ordinary skill in the art 
are consistent with the disclosure of the ’013 patent and the asserted prior 
art. The distinction between the parties’ proposals would not change the 
outcome of this Decision. Thus, we adopt and apply Patent Owner’s 
proposal. 
D. The Prior Art 
“A petitioner in an inter partes review may request to cancel as 
unpatentable 1 or more claims of a patent only on a ground that could be 
raised under section 102 or 103 and only on the basis of prior art consisting 
of patents or printed publications.” 35 U.S.C. § 311(b). Petitioner here 
asserts three printed publications: Linnarsson (Ex. 1003), McCloskey (Ex. 
1004), and McCloskey II (Ex. 1055). 
1. Linnarsson 
Linnarsson is titled “Gene Expression Analysis In Single Cells.” 
Ex. 1003, code (54). Linnarsson discloses “a method of preparing 
[complimentary DNA or] cDNA libraries which can be used to analyze gene 
expression in a plurality of single cells.” Id. at 3:22–23. In one 
embodiment, 
the method includes the steps of releasing [messenger RNA or] 
mRNA from each single cell to provide a plurality of individual 
mRNA samples, synthesizing a first strand of cDNA from the 
 
8 Exhibit 2013 is a declaration by Patent Owner’s witness, John 
Quackenbush, Ph.D. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
11 
mRNA in each individual mRNA sample and incorporating a tag 
into the cDNA to provide a plurality of tagged cDNA samples, 
pooling the tagged cDNA samples and amplifying the pooled 
cDNA samples to generate a cDNA library having double-
stranded cDNA. 
Id. at 3:26–30. Linnarsson discloses the following “overview” of such a 
method: 
(A) the tissue of interest is dissected; (B) a plurality of single 
cells are selected; (C) single cells are placed in separate wells of 
a 96-well plate and lysed; tagged reverse transcription is 
performed on each sample to produce cDNA; (D) cDNA samples 
are pooled and amplified; (E) sequencing is performed to obtain 
100 million reads; and (F) identification of expressed genes and 
identification of cells from which they originated. 
Id. at 4:8–13. Linnarsson discloses that the tag may be incorporated during 
cDNA synthesis via a tagged cDNA synthesis primer (“CDS”) and/or a 
tagged template switching oligonucleotide (“TSO”). Id. at 18:31–32 (“In 
some aspects of the invention, a tag can be incorporated into the cDNA 
during its synthesis. For example, the CDS and/or the TSO can include a 
tag.”). 
Linnarsson claims priority to U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 
61/164,759 (“Linnarsson Provisional,” (Ex. 1015)), filed on March 30, 2009. 
Ex. 1003, code (30). Petitioner argues that the Linnarsson Provisional 
supports at least one claim of Linnarsson, and, thus, Linnarsson is prior art 
as of the March 30, 2009, filing date of the Linnarsson Provisional. Pet. 15–
17. As such, Petitioner asserts that Linnarsson is prior art to the challenged 
claims under 35 U.S.C. § 102(e). See id. at 16 (“Linnarsson is prior art to 
the challenged claims even if the Challenged Claims are entitled to their 
earliest priority date of August 20, 2009.”). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
12 
Patent Owner does not dispute that Linnarsson is prior art to the 
challenged claims. Indeed, in its Preliminary Response, Patent Owner 
pointed out that Linnarsson “was the basis of multiple rejections by the 
Office in Application No. 15/677,957” (“the ’957 application”), which is an 
ancestor to the ’013 patent. Prelim. Resp. 7 (citing Ex. 2001, 153–156). 
This is true. In fact, Linnarsson was cited as an anticipatory reference twice 
during the examination of the ’957 application. See Ex. 2001, 154 (Dec. 27, 
2017, Final Action: “Claim(s) 1–6 are rejected under pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 
102(A)(1)/(A)(2) as being anticipated by Linnarsson.”), 193 (July 10, 2018, 
Final Action stating the same). 
Patent Owner, however, does dispute that Linnarsson is analogous art. 
PO Resp. 51–53. We address that issue below. 
2. McCloskey 
McCloskey is titled “Encoding PCR Products with Batch-stamps and 
Barcodes.” Ex. 1004, 1. McCloskey explains that when employing the 
polymerase chain reaction (“PCR”), there is “always uncertainty concerning 
the source of the template DNA that gave rise to a particular PCR product.” 
Id. McCloskey reports that it solved this problem by using 
an encoding oligonucleotide with five distinct informational 
regions (Fig. 1): (1) the batch-stamp, unique to each experiment, 
specifies the DNA source such as the patient or sample 
identification, and the date of reaction; (2) the random barcode 
distinguishes among sequences arising from different cell or 
allele copies; (3) the primer-binding site facilitates specific PCR 
amplification; (4) the genomic target-binding site targets the 
locus to be encoded prior to amplification; and (5) the extra 5ˊ 
bases serve as an internal sentinel of recoding. This encoding 
oligonucleotide is annealed to denatured DNA and extended by 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
13 
Sequenase (USB) (Fig. 1). Sequenase-extension products are 
column-filtered to remove any unincorporated, encoding 
oligonucleotides and amplified using standard PCR protocols 
(Fig. 1). 
Ex. 1004, 2. Such an encoding oligonucleotide with two tag sequences is 
the heart of what Petitioner relies upon with respect to McCloskey. See, 
e.g., Pet. 22–23 (“McCloskey discloses a method of DNA analysis for 
single-cell samples that utilizes an ‘encoding oligonucleotide’ having ‘five 
distinct information regions,’ two of which are tag sequences that 
distinguish, respectively, polynucleotides and samples.”). 
According to the face of McCloskey, it was published in 2007, which 
is more than one year before the earliest possible effective filing date of the 
challenged claims (i.e., August 20, 2009). Ex. 1004, 1. As such, Petitioner 
asserts that McCloskey is prior art to the challenged claims under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(a) and (b). Pet. 22. 
Patent Owner disputes that McCloskey is prior art, which we address 
below. PO Resp. 20–21. Patent Owner also disputes that McCloskey is 
analogous art, which we also address below. Id. at 51–53. 
3. McCloskey II 
McCloskey II is titled “Molecular Encoding Of Nucleic Acid 
Templates For PCR And Other Forms Of Sequence Analysis.” Ex. 1055, 
code (54). Petitioner asserts that the disclosure of McCloskey II is “similar” 
to that of McCloskey, with the main difference being that “McCloskey II 
discloses that its barcode sequence may comprise up to 30 nucleotides.” Pet. 
26 (citing Ex. 1055 ¶21). 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
14 
McCloskey II was published in 2007 (see Ex. 1055, code (43)), which 
is more than one year before the earliest possible effective filing date of the 
challenged claims (i.e., August 20, 2009). As such, Petitioner asserts that 
McCloskey II is prior art to the challenged claims under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a) 
and (b). Pet. 26. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that McCloskey II is prior art to the 
challenged claims. Indeed, in its Preliminary Response, Patent Owner 
pointed out that McCloskey II was considered as prior art during prosecution 
of an ancestor application. Prelim. Resp. 12–13 (citing Ex. 2002, 335–336). 
Patent Owner, however, does dispute that McCloskey II is analogous art, 
which we address next. PO Resp. 51–53. 
4. Linnarsson, McCloskey, and McCloskey II are Analogous 
Art 
“Although § 103 does not, by its terms, define the ‘art to which [the] 
subject matter [sought to be patented] pertains,’ this determination is 
frequently couched in terms of whether the art is analogous or not, i.e., 
whether the art is ‘too remote to be treated as prior art.’” In re Clay, 966 
F.2d 656, 658 (Fed. Cir. 1992) (quoting In re Sovish, 769 F.2d 738, 741 
(Fed. Cir. 1985)). “Whether a reference in the prior art is ‘analogous’ is a 
fact question.” Clay, 966 F.2d at 658. “Two criteria have evolved for 
determining whether prior art is analogous: (1) whether the art is from the 
same field of endeavor, regardless of the problem addressed, and (2) if the 
reference is not within the field of the inventor’s endeavor, whether the 
reference still is reasonably pertinent to the particular problem with which 
the inventor is involved.” Id. at 658–59. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
15 
Patent Owner argues that “[n]owhere does Petitioner assert—let alone 
attempt to show— that any of the three references named in its grounds 
(primary reference Linnarsson and secondary references McCloskey and 
McCloskey II) is analogous art to ’013.” PO Resp. 51 (citing Pet. 35–36, 
60–62). As Patent Owner explains it, the Petition asserts that the references 
are analogous to each other but does not assert that they are analogous to the 
challenged claims. Id. at 51–52 (citing Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH 
v. Mylan Pharms. Inc., 66 F.4th 1373, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2023)). 
Patent Owner is correct that, under Sanofi-Aventis, a petitioner bears 
the burden of persuasion to establish that an asserted prior art reference is 
analogous art to the claimed invention. See Sanofi-Aventis, 66 F.4th at 1377 
(“We agree with [the patent owner] that [the petitioner] did not carry its 
burden to argue that de Gennes is analogous to the [challenged] patent.”); id. 
(“In evaluating whether a reference is analogous, we have consistently held 
that a patent challenger must compare the reference to the challenged 
patent.”); id. at 1378–79 (“We have routinely held that the petitioner has the 
burden of proving unpatentability.”). However, as we noted when instituting 
this proceeding, “Sanofi-Aventis further held: ‘A petitioner is not required to 
anticipate and raise analogous art arguments in its petition; instead a 
petitioner can use its reply to “respond to arguments raised in the 
corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary response, patent owner 
response, or decision on institution.”’” Dec. on Reh’g 16 (quoting Sanofi-
Aventis, 66 F.4th at 1379 (quoting 37 C.F.R. § 42.23)). 
In its Reply, Petitioner argues that Linnarsson is analogous art 
because, like the specification and claims of the ’013 patent, it “deal[s] with 
‘analysis of gene expression in single cells or in a plurality of single cells’ 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
16 
based on nucleic acid tagging and sequencing.” Pet. Reply 27 (citing 
Ex. 1003, Abstr., 1:6–9, 3:25–4:2, 9:23–10:2, 10:15–30, Fig. 11, claims 1, 
26–27; Ex. 1001, code (54), Abstr., 6:41–7:30, claim 1; Ex. 1070 ¶¶147–
149). In its Reply, Petitioner also argues that McCloskey and McCloskey II 
are analogous art because, like the specification and claims of the ’013 
patent, they “deal with tagging polynucleotides for amplification,[] with 
McCloskey even teaching a two-part tag that identifies the ‘DNA source 
such as the patient or sample identification’ and also ‘distinguishes among 
sequences arising from different cell or allele copies.’” Pet. Reply 27–28 
(citing Ex. 1004, 2, Fig. 1; Ex. 1055, 5–6; Ex. 1001, code (54), Abstr., 6:33–
7:22, claim 1; Ex. 1070 ¶¶150–152). 
We find that all three references are analogous art to the ’013 patent, 
as there is ample supporting evidence in the record, including that to which 
the Reply cites (citations identified in the immediately preceding paragraph). 
Indeed, Patent Owner does not dispute the merits of Petitioner’s Reply 
arguments. PO Sur-reply 29–30. Rather, Patent Owner, argues that we 
“should not now permit Petitioner to rewrite its clearly-deficient Petition.” 
Id. at 30. 
Petitioner’s Reply does not re-write its Petition. What Petitioner’s 
Reply does, in response to Patent Owner’s arguments, is precisely what 
Sanofi-Aventis contemplates as being proper in a reply brief. Indeed, in 
ruling against the petitioner in Sanofi-Aventis, the Federal Circuit 
specifically noted that the petitioner could have used its reply brief “to 
explain how [the prior art reference] is analogous to the [challenged] patent” 
but did not do so. 66 F.4th at 1379–1380. Here, in contrast, Petitioner uses 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
17 
its Reply to explain how the references are analogous to the ’013 patent. 
Petitioner’s explanation in its Reply is both proper and persuasive. 
5. McCloskey is a Prior Art Printed Publication; Patent 
Owner’s Motion to Exclude is Granted-in-Part and 
Denied-in-Part 
McCloskey is an article titled “Encoding PCR Products with 
Batch-stamps and Barcodes,” and authored by Megan L. McCloskey, 
Reinhard Stoger, R. Scott Hansen, and Charles D. Laird. Ex. 1004, 1. 
Petitioner argues that McCloskey is a prior art printed publication because it 
was published in BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS in 2007, as indicated on the cover 
of McCloskey. Pet. 22 (citing Ex. 1004, 1; Ex. 1028). Exhibit 1028 is not 
relevant to the prior art status of McCloskey and appears to have been 
prepared for another matter. See Ex. 1028 ¶¶43, 50, 57 (discussing three 
references, none of which is McCloskey, McCloskey II, or Linnarsson). 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner failed to establish McCloskey is, 
in fact, prior art to ’013.” PO Resp. 20 (citing Standard Innovation Corp. v. 
Lelo, Inc., No. IPR2014-00148, Paper 41 at 18–28 (Apr. 23, 2015); 
Dropbox, Inc. v. Synchronoss Techs., No. IPR2016-00850, Paper 41 at 
18–23 (Oct. 5, 2016); Liquidia Techs. v. United Therapeutics Corp., No. 
IPR2020-00770, Paper 45, at 56–57 (Oct. 8, 2021)). Patent Owner does not 
explain how Petitioner allegedly failed to prove McCloskey is prior art. 
Instead, Patent Owner implies, via its description of Standard Innovation’s 
holding, that Petitioner failed to prove that McCloskey is what it has been 
represented to be and/or that it was actually published in 2007. PO Resp. 
20–21. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
18 
With its Reply, Petitioner submitted a second declaration from the 
same witness who executed the irrelevant Exhibit 1028, i.e., Sylvia Hall-
Ellis, Ph.D. Ex. 1085. In that second declaration, Dr. Hall-Ellis includes an 
Exhibit A, which she testifies includes a copy of McCloskey that she 
obtained from Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering & Technology. 
Id. ¶¶43–50, “Exhibit A.” Dr. Hall-Ellis testifies that McCloskey is the 
article it appears to be, was published in BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS in 2007, 
and was received, catalogued, and indexed, and made publicly available by 
Linda Hall Library on or shortly after January 3, 2008. Id. ¶¶43–50. 
Patent Owner filed a Motion to Exclude the second Hall-Ellis 
declaration (Ex. 1085) and McCloskey (Ex. 1004). PO Mot. To Exclude. 
With respect to the second Hall-Ellis declaration, Patent Owner 
objected to its admissibility on the basis that, among other things, it “should 
have been served, but was not, as supplemental evidence within ten business 
days of [Patent Owner] 10x’s timely objection under 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.64(b)(2)” to McCloskey. Paper 27, 4. More specifically, Patent Owner 
had previously objected -- on February 15, 2024 -- to McCloskey as 
allegedly unauthenticated, undated (absent hearsay), and thus irrelevant as 
not a prior art printed publication as to the challenged claims. Paper 12, 1–3. 
Clearly, the second Hall-Ellis declaration is offered to prove that 
McCloskey is a prior art printed publication. See, e.g., Ex. 1085 ¶50 (“In 
view of the foregoing, it is my opinion that [McCloskey] was publicly 
available no later than [January 3, 2008].”). Thus, the second Hall-Ellis 
declaration should have been served within ten business days of Patent 
Owner’s February 15, 2024, objection to the admissibility of McCloskey. 
See 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(b)(2) (“The party relying on evidence to which an 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
19 
objection is timely served may respond to the objection by serving 
supplemental evidence within ten business days of service of the 
objection.”). 
In its Opposition to the Motion to Exclude, Petitioner argues that, 
under Hulu LLC v. Sound View Innovations, LLC, No. IPR2018-01039, 
Paper 29 (Dec. 20, 2019) (precedential), it was allowed to wait until its 
Reply to file the second Hall-Ellis declaration. Paper 37, 2. The Board in 
Hulu does state that, “if the patent owner challenges a reference’s status as a 
printed publication, a petitioner may submit a supporting declaration with its 
reply to further support its argument that a reference qualifies as a printed 
publication.” Hulu, at 15 (37 C.F.R. § 42.23). However, the Board’s 
statement was referring to the scope of permissible reply arguments under 
37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b). See Hulu at 14 (quoting 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b)’s 
requirement that “[a] reply may only respond to arguments raised in the 
corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary response, or patent 
owner response”). The Board in Hulu does not purport to interpret 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64 or even discuss supplemental evidence. Petitioner clearly 
missed the deadline imposed by 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(b)(2), which was 
triggered by Patent Owner’s February 15, 2024, objection to McCloskey 
(i.e., Ex. 1004). Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is granted with respect 
to the second Hall-Ellis declaration (i.e., Ex. 1085). 
Despite the exclusion of the second Hall-Ellis declaration, there is 
ample evidence in the record demonstrating that McCloskey is a prior art 
printed publication. McCloskey itself states: “Received: 31 January 2007 / 
Accepted: 29 May 2007 / Published online: 23 October 2007.” Ex. 1004, 1. 
McCloskey additionally states that it was published in a 2007 print issue of 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
20 
“Biochem Genet,” with Petitioner adding that the full name of the journal is 
BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS and that McCloskey was published in a December 
2007 volume of the journal. Id.; Pet. 22. McCloskey also includes a 
copyright notice by “Springer Science+Business Media, LLC” with a date of 
2007. Ex. 1004, 1. Patent Owner argues that this is unreliable hearsay that 
should be excluded. PO Mot. To Exclude 4 (citing Neste Oil Oyj v. REG 
Synthetic Fuels, LLC, No. IPR2013-00578, Paper 53 at 5–7 (Mar. 12, 2015); 
Standard Innovation Corp. v. Lelo, Inc., No. IPR2014-00148, Paper 429 at 
13–18, 21–22 (Apr. 23, 2015)). We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s 
argument or its reliance on these cases. The facts before us are different. 
In Neste Oil, the Board “note[d] that the alleged ‘stamps’ of Exhibits 
1125 and 1132 are actually handwritten dates, added to the documents by an 
unknown person at an unknown time.” Neste Oil, Paper 53 at 6. In contrast, 
the dates relied upon by Petitioner are printed, appear to have been included 
at the time of printing, and appear to have been printed by, or at the direction 
of, the journal and/or copyright holder, both of which are identified by 
McCloskey. Ex. 1004, 1. 
In Standard Innovation, the alleged prior art exhibits were “printouts 
of … webpages” bearing a copyright indication of “© 2003-2013,” which 
the petitioner argued was proof of subset of the webpages being 
disseminated publicly in 2003. Standard Innovation, Paper 42 at 13. This is 
a far cry from McCloskey, which is a journal article and which includes 
 
9 Patent Owner actually cited to “Pap.41” of Standard Innovation. PO Mot. 
To Exclude 4. There is no Paper 41 in the record of that case. We presume 
Patent Owner intended to cite Paper 42, which is the final written decision in 
that case. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
21 
specific date information, not only of publishing, but also of when the 
journal received and accepted the article for publication and when it was 
copyrighted. Ex. 1004, 1. 
That McCloskey is what it purports to be (a journal article) and that it 
was published in 2007 are corroborated by multiple pieces of evidence. 
McCloskey names four authors, all of whom are named inventors of 
McCloskey II. Ex. 1004, 1; Ex. 1055, code (76). Patent Owner concedes 
that McCloskey and McCloskey II involve the same subject matter, having 
argued that the consideration of McCloskey II supported discretionary denial 
of the Petition based on McCloskey. See, e.g., Prelim. Resp. 26 
(“McCloskey is cumulative of McCloskey II.”). Notably, McCloskey II was 
published on January 25, 2007. Ex. 2001, code (43). That is just days 
before McCloskey was received by BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS on January 31, 
2007. See EX. 1004, 1 (“Received: 31 January 2007 / Accepted: 29 May 
2007 / Published online: 23 October 2007”). In other words, it appears that 
the authors sought to have their research published in a scientific journal 
promptly after the subject matter of their research had been published by the 
Office. 
Further, the existence of McCloskey and its publication year of 2007 
is confirmed by other references in the record. See Ex. 1029, code (56) 
(United States Patent identifying as a cited reference: “McCloskey, et al. 
Encoding Pcr products with batch-stamps and barcodes. Biochem Genet. 
Dec. 2007;45(11-12):761-7. Epub Oct. 23, 2007.”); Ex. 1053, code (56) 
(same); Ex. 1060, 13 (article’s bibliography citing “McCloskey ML, Stöger 
R, Hansen RS, Laird CD. Encoding PCR products with batch-stamps and 
barcodes. Biochem. Genet 2007;45:761–767. [PubMed: 17955361]”). 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
22 
Patent Owner points out that one of the three just-cited references of 
record, i.e., Exhibit 1053, “issued in 2017 and thus post-dates the priority 
date by eight years, and therefore does not constitute evidence that 
McCloskey was publicly accessible as of the 2009 priority date.” PO Mot. 
To Exclude 6 (citing Ex. 1053). Although Exhibit 1053, published in 2017, 
is not contemporaneous evidence of the 2007 publication of McCloskey, it 
nonetheless is evidence helping to corroborate that McCloskey was, in fact, 
published in 2007. More importantly, additional corroborative evidence 
exists in the record. In particular, another of the three references cited 
above, i.e., Ex. 1060, was published relatively shortly after McCloskey, in 
December 2008, and references McCloskey as being published in the same 
page range (pages 761–767) of the same volume (45) of the same periodical 
(Biochemical Genetics) as appears on McCloskey itself. Compare Ex. 1060, 
13 (“Biochem. Genet 2007;45:761–767”), with Ex. 1004, 1 (“Biochem 
Genet (2007) 45:761–767”). This evidence is the figurative nail in the coffin 
for Patent Owner’s argument that McCloskey is not a prior art printed 
publication.10 
 
10 During the hearing, counsel for Patent Owner stressed the applicability of 
Medivis, Inc. v. Novarad Corp., No. IPR2023-00042 to the present set of 
facts. Tr. 82:21–83:2. Patent Owner cites a first decision from Medivis as 
stating that “any reference can state it was published without actually being 
published.” PO Mot. To Exclude 5 (quoting Medivis Paper 35 at 28 (Mar. 6, 
2024)). Patent Owner quotes a second decision from Medivis as stating that 
“the Petition [in Medivis] . . . cites no evidence for public accessibility, 
except the references . . . themselves. This is insufficient and tantamount to 
submitting no proof of public accessibility.” Id. at 5–6 (quoting Medivis 
Paper 37 at 4 (Apr. 23, 2024)). We find Medivis inapposite to the facts 
 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
23 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is denied with respect to 
McCloskey (i.e., Ex. 1004). In sum, Petitioner has shown that McCloskey is 
a printed publication as of 2007 and, thus, prior art to the challenged claims 
of the ’013 patent. 
E. Ground I: Claim 1 
Petitioner argues that claims 1–12 and 19–28 would have been 
obvious over Linnarsson, McCloskey, and the knowledge of a person of 
ordinary skill in the art. Pet. 5. 
Claim 1 is directed to “[a] method for multiplexed analysis of nucleic 
acids from single cells.” Ex. 1001, 30:39–40. The method involves 
“performing combinatorial tagging to generate a plurality of tagged 
polynucleotides” in which “a tagged polynucleotide of the plurality of 
tagged polynucleotides is generated by: (A) providing an extension product 
by primer extension using a first oligonucleotide tag and a sample 
polynucleotide of said plurality of sample polynucleotides, and (B) ligating a 
second oligonucleotide tag to said extension product.” Id. at 30:43–53. Said 
tagged polynucleotide “comprises: (i) a sample sequence corresponding to 
said sample polynucleotide of the plurality of sample polynucleotides; (ii) a 
 
before us. McCloskey need not stand on its own statement of publication. 
Instead, we have three other references in the record corroborating that 
McCloskey was published in 2007. Ex. 1029; Ex. 1053; Ex. 1060. We also 
have McCloskey II indisputably being published by the Office on January 
25, 2007, just days before McCloskey, which Patent Owner characterizes as 
“cumulative of McCloskey II” (Prelim. Resp. 25), states that it was 
“[r]eceived” by BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS on January 31, 2007. Ex. 1055, 
code (43); Ex. 1004, 1. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
24 
first tag sequence distinguishing said sample polynucleotide from sample 
polynucleotides from other cells; and (iii) a second tag sequence 
distinguishing said sample polynucleotide from other sample 
polynucleotides from said cell,” which tag sequences ultimately facilitate the 
“count[ing of] sample polynucleotides for multiple different sample 
polynucleotides of multiple different single cells of said plurality of cells.” 
Id. at 30:54–31:9 
In mapping the prior art to claim 1, the Petition breaks the claim into 
eleven portions, labeled [1A] through [1K], and organizes its arguments 
accordingly. See Pet. 27–46. We preserve Petitioner’s labeling in our 
discussion. 
For limitations [1A], [1B], [1D], [1F], [1G], [1I], and [1J], Petitioner 
essentially relies on Linnarsson alone, which discloses incorporating tags 
into “cDNA during its synthesis,” wherein each tag has a “barcode” unique 
to the particular single cell whose mRNA generated the cDNA sample “such 
that once the tagged cDNA samples [are subsequently] pooled, the tag can 
be used to identify which single cell from each cDNA sample originated.” 
Ex. 1003, 18:31–19:11; see Pet. 27–28 (regarding [1A]), 28–29 (regarding 
[1B]), 31–34 (regarding [1D]), 39–42 (regarding [1F]), 42–43 (regarding 
[1G]), 44 (regarding [1I] and [1J]). 
However, the remaining limitations, i.e., [1C], [1E], [1H], and [1K], 
relate to “combinatorial tagging” by “ligating a second oligonucleotide tag” 
and thereafter using the tags ultimately to “count sample polynucleotides for 
multiple different sample polynucleotides of multiple different single cells of 
said plurality of cells.” Ex. 1001, 30:43–31:9. For these limitations, 
Petitioner relies on modifying Linnarsson in view of McCloskey’s second 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
25 
tag and the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in the art that such a 
second tag could be attached by ligation, although McCloskey uses a 
different mechanism.11 Pet. 29–30, 34–39, 43, 45–46. In Petitioner’s 
words: “it would have been obvious to utilize Linnarsson’s cDNA library 
preparation to introduce a cell tag and then further introduce a second tag to 
distinguish polynucleotides (as taught by McCloskey) using ligation 
techniques that were well-known in the art.” Id. at 35. 
As explained below, we find that Petitioner has shown that the 
asserted prior art satisfies each limitation of the claim and that the subject 
matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time of the claimed 
invention – August 20, 2009. 
1. [1A] “A method for multiplexed analysis of nucleic 
acids from single cells, the method comprising:” 
A claim’s preamble is not necessarily limiting. See, e.g., Pitney 
Bowes Inc. v. Hewlett Packard Co., 182 F.3d 1298, 1305 (Fed. Cir. 1999). 
The Petition all but presumes that the preamble of claim 1 is limiting and 
directs us to prior art disclosures of the subject matter. See Pet. 27 (“To the 
extent the preamble is limiting, Linnarsson discloses this limitation.”). For 
example, Petitioner directs us to Linnarsson’s statement that its “invention 
 
11 Petitioner suggests, without any explanation, that Linnarsson alone might 
teach ligating a second tag. See Pet. 34 (“To the extent Linnarsson does not 
teach ligating a second oligonucleotide tag to the claimed ‘extension 
product,’ this would have been obvious in view of McCloskey and the 
knowledge of a POSA.”). We discern no evidence to support that 
Linnarsson teaches tagging a polynucleotide with a second tag, whether by 
ligation or otherwise. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
26 
provides methods and compositions for the analysis of gene expression in 
single cells or in a plurality of single cells.” Id. at 27–28 (quoting Ex. 1003, 
9:23–24; see also Ex. 1003, 4:8–13, Fig. 1 (cited at Pet. 28)). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches the preamble 
of claim 1. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
2. [1B] “(a) providing a sample comprising a plurality of 
cells, wherein a single cell of the plurality of cells 
comprises a plurality of sample polynucleotides” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses this limitation. Pet. 28. 
Petitioner cites multiple disclosures from Linnarsson in support, including 
that “[s]ingle cells useful in the methods described herein can be obtained 
from a tissue of interest, or from a biopsy, blood sample, or cell culture.” 
Ex. 1003, 13:11–12 (cited at Pet. 28). As for the recitation that “a single cell 
of the plurality of cells comprises a plurality of sample polynucleotides,” 
Petitioner cites disclosure from Linnarsson that “single cells are placed in 
separate wells of a 96-well plate and lysed [and] tagged reverse transcription 
is performed on each sample to produce cDNA” and, “[i]n some aspects of 
the invention, mRNA can be released from the cells by lysing the cells.” Ex. 
1003, 4:10–11, 13:28 (cited at Pet. 28). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1B]. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
27 
3. [1C] “(b) performing combinatorial tagging to generate 
a plurality of tagged polynucleotides from said plurality 
of sample polynucleotides and a plurality of 
oligonucleotide tags” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses all of the subject matter of 
this limitation except the “combinatorial” aspect of the tagging. Pet. 29–30. 
Petitioner cites multiple disclosures from Linnarsson in support, including 
the following two excerpts: 
The invention provides method for preparing a cDNA 
library from a plurality of single cells. In one aspect, the method 
includes the steps of releasing mRNA from each single cell to 
provide a plurality of individual mRNA samples, synthesizing a 
first strand of cDNA from the mRNA in each individual mRNA 
sample and incorporating a tag into the cDNA to provide a 
plurality of tagged cDNA samples, pooling the tagged cDNA 
samples and amplifying the pooled cDNA samples to generate a 
cDNA library having double-stranded cDNA. 
* 
* 
* 
As the tag is present in the CDS and/or the TSO it will be 
incorporated into the cDNA during its synthesis and can 
therefore act as a “barcode” to identify the cDNA. 
Ex. 1003, 3:25–30, 19:4–5 (both excerpts cited at Pet. 30). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that Linnarsson teaches tagging, albeit 
not combinatorial tagging. 
With respect to the “combinatorial” aspect of the “tagging,” Petitioner 
argues that it would have been obvious over Linnarsson in view of 
McCloskey, which teaches using two tags. Pet. 29–30. In support, 
Petitioner directs us to its analysis for limitations [1G] and [1H], which 
delineate the scope of the “combinatorial tagging.” Collectively, they recite 
that “said tagged polynucleotide . . . comprises: . . . (ii) a first tag sequence 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
28 
distinguishing said sample polynucleotide from sample polynucleotides from 
other cells; and (iii) a second tag sequence distinguishing said sample 
polynucleotide from other sample polynucleotides from said cell.” Ex. 
1001, 30:54–64. We address those limitations below in Sections II.E.(5), 
(7), and (8). 
4. [1D] “wherein a tagged polynucleotide of the plurality of 
tagged polynucleotides is generated by (A) providing an 
extension product by primer extension using a first 
oligonucleotide tag and a sample polynucleotide of said 
plurality of sample polynucleotides” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses this limitation. Pet. 31–34. 
As with limitation [1C], Petitioner again points to column 3, lines 25 
through 30, and column 19, lines 4 to 5. Id. at 31 (citing Ex. 1003, 3:25–30, 
19:4–5). In addition, Petitioner directs us to Figures 3 and 4 of Linnarsson, 
which illustrate primer extension that results in tagged polynucleotides. See 
id. at 31–33 (reproducing Ex. 1003, Figs. 3–4). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1D]. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
5. [1E] “(B) ligating a second oligonucleotide tag to said 
extension product” 
Petitioner argues that this limitation would have been an obvious 
modification of Linnarsson in view of McCloskey and the knowledge of the 
skilled artisan. Pet. 34. 
First, Petitioner directs us to McCloskey’s disclosure of an “encoding 
oligonucleotide” that comprises two tag sequences. Pet. 34 (citing Ex. 1004, 
1–3, Fig. 1.). Figure 1(A) of McCloskey is reproduced below. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
29 
 
Ex. 1004, Fig. 1(A). Figure 1(A) of McCloskey above shows encoding 
oligonucleotide having “five distinct regions,” namely “a genomic target-
binding site, a batch-stamp, a barcode, a primer-binding site for PCR, and 
extra bases that serve as internal sentinels of recoding as well as tethering 
the oligonucleotide to itself.” Ex. 1004, 3. Patent Owner argues that 
“McCloskey’s encoding oligonucleotide comprises inter alia two tag 
sequences: (1) a ‘batch-stamp’ sequence . . . to identify the experimental 
batch or genomic source (e.g., a single cell) and (2) a ‘barcode’ . . . to 
distinguish polynucleotide sequences ‘arising from different cell or allele 
copies.’” Pet. 35 (quoting Ex. 1004, 2). 
Petitioner argues that “it would have been obvious to utilize 
Linnarsson’s cDNA library preparation to introduce a cell tag and then 
further introduce a second tag to distinguish polynucleotides (as taught by 
McCloskey) using ligation techniques that were well-known in the art.” Pet. 
35. Although McCloskey introduces both of its tags through a primer 
extension reaction, Petitioner argues that “it would have been nothing more 
than an obvious and routine design choice to instead introduce the molecule 
tag via ligation.” Id. at 37 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶144). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
30 
Patent Owner does not dispute that McCloskey teaches the use of two 
tags in combination to track individual polynucleotides. See, e.g., PO Resp. 
18 (acknowledging McCloskey’s teachings). Nor does Patent Owner 
dispute that ligation was well known in the art. See generally PO Resp. (not 
arguing to the contrary); PO Sur-Reply 3 (acknowledging “[t]hat ‘ligation’ is 
conventional”). Instead, Patent Owner disputes that the skilled artisan 
would have a had a reason to make the proposed modification or, even if she 
did, whether she would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
achieving the claimed subject matter. See PO Resp. 22 (“Ground 1: 
Petitioner’s Obviousness Analysis Fails To Establish A Motivation To 
Combine With REOS”). 
We are persuaded that Petitioner’s proposed modification of 
Linnarsson in view of McCloskey and the knowledge of the skilled artisan 
would have resulted in the claimed subject matter, including “ligating a 
second oligonucleotide tag to said extension product.” Ex. 1003, 3:25–30, 
19:4–5; Ex. 1004, 1–3, Fig. 1(A); Ex. 1002 ¶144. Further, and as discussed 
below in Sections II.E.(12) and (13), we are persuaded that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have had a sufficient reason to make the 
modification and a reasonable expectation of success in doing so. 
6. [1F] “wherein said tagged polynucleotide of the plurality 
of tagged polynucleotides comprises: a sample sequence 
corresponding to said sample polynucleotide of the 
plurality of sample polynucleotides” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses this limitation. Pet. 39–42. 
Petitioner, with supporting testimony from Dr. Cooper, explains that by 
virtue of the way a CDS and a TSO work, the sequence of a polynucleotide 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
31 
(whether it is mRNA in the case of a CDS or cDNA in the case of a TSO) is 
preserved as the amplification occurs. See, e.g., Ex. 1002 ¶154 (Dr. Cooper 
testifying that “a cDNA synthesized from a sample mRNA comprises the 
same sample sequence.”); Pet. 40 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶154). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1F]. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
7. [1G] “wherein said tagged polynucleotide of the plurality 
of tagged polynucleotides comprises:…a first tag 
sequence distinguishing said sample polynucleotide from 
sample polynucleotides from other cells” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses this limitation. Pet. 42–43. 
Petitioner cites multiple disclosures from Linnarsson in support, including 
that “tagged reverse transcriptase is performed on each sample to produce 
cDNA” and this allows for “identification of expressed genes and 
identification of cells from which they originated.” Ex. 1003, 4:8–13 (cited 
at Pet. 43); see also Ex. 1003, 19:5–11 (disclosing that the use of its tagged 
CDS and TSO results in tagged cDNA). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1G]. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
8. [1H] “wherein said tagged polynucleotide of the plurality 
of tagged polynucleotides comprises:…a second tag 
sequence distinguishing said sample polynucleotide from 
other sample polynucleotides from said cell.” 
Limitation [1H] recites “a second tag sequence,” which is in addition 
to the “first tag sequence” recited in limitation [1G]. Petitioner relies on a 
modification of Linnarsson in view of McCloskey and the level of skill in 
the art to reach this dual-tag feature. See, e.g., Pet. 43 (“The combination of 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
32 
Linnarsson and McCloskey in view of the knowledge of the skilled artisan 
teaches this claim element.”). For reasons discussed above in Section 
2.E.(5), we are persuaded that the proposed modification would include this 
limitation. 
9. [1I] “(c) amplifying said tagged polynucleotide, thereby 
generating a plurality of amplified polynucleotides 
corresponding to the tagged polynucleotide” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses this limitation. Pet. 44. 
Petitioner cites multiple disclosures from Linnarsson in support, including 
that the tagged “cDNA samples are pooled and amplified.” Ex. 1003, 4:11–
12 (cited at Pet. 44); see also Ex. 1003, 10:20–22 (“[T]he cDNA in each 
tagged cDNA sample is complementary to mRNA from a single cell pooling 
the tagged cDNA samples and amplifying the pooled cDNA samples to 
generate a cDNA library comprising double-stranded cDNA.” (cited at 
Pet. 44)). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation [1l]. 
See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
10. [1J] “(d) sequencing said plurality of amplified 
polynucleotides to determine sequences of the amplified 
polynucleotides corresponding to the sample sequence, 
the first tag sequence, and the second tag sequence of the 
tagged polynucleotide” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson teaches this limitation. Pet. 44. 
Petitioner cites multiple disclosures from Linnarsson in support, including 
that, “after generating the tagged polynucleotides, ‘sequencing is performed’ 
thereon.” Pet. 44 (quoting Ex. 1003, 4:12); see also Ex. 1002, 21:24–25 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
33 
(“This cDNA library can be sequenced to provide an analysis of gene 
expression in single cells or in a plurality of single cells.” (cited at Pet. 44)). 
Patent Owner disputes that Linnarsson teaches sequencing an entire 
tagged polynucleotide and instead teaches sequencing only portions or 
fragments of tagged polynucleotides. PO Resp. 42–48. One might 
reasonably assume, based on those arguments, that Patent Owner construes 
the limitation to require sequencing the entire tagged polynucleotide. But 
Patent Owner does not. Patent Owner’s position, which we explain in more 
detail below, is a curious one. It is not persuasive. 
In the Patent Owner Response, Patent Owner cites numerous 
references by Linnarsson to fragmenting the tagged polynucleotides (cDNA) 
such as its statement that “the cDNA library can be processed by 
fragmenting the cDNA library (e.g. with DNase) to obtain a short fragment 
5' -end library.” Ex. 1002, 21:18–25 (quoted at PO Resp. 44). Thus, 
according to Patent Owner, Petitioner “fail[s] to show Linnarsson discloses 
sequencing the entirety of the ‘tagged polynucleotide’.” PO Resp. 43. 
In its Reply, Petitioner maintains that Linnarsson, in fact, teaches 
sequencing the entirety of tagged polynucleotides. See, e.g., Pet. Reply 16 
(“Patent Owner’s contention that Linnarsson does not disclose sequencing 
“entire” polynucleotides . . . is based on the mistaken view that Linnarsson 
requires the fragmentation approach of Figure 11,” which it does not.). We 
need not find whether it does, however, because Petitioner persuasively 
argues that the “sequencing” limitation does not require sequencing of an 
entire tagged polynucleotide. Id. at 14 (citing Ex. 1070 ¶¶8–9, 23–30, 96–
127). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
34 
Indeed, Patent Owner does not argue that the “sequencing” limitation 
requires sequencing of an entire tagged polynucleotide. See PO Sur-reply 
17–18 (referring to such a claim construction as one that Patent Owner 
“never argued”); Tr. 27:22–23 (Counsel for Petitioner confirming “we’ve 
never argued” that the limitation requires sentencing the entire tagged 
polynucleotide). Rather, Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner’s sole 
argument for disclosure of the sequencing limitation” is that Linnarsson 
discloses sequencing the entire polynucleotide. PO Sur-reply 18. In Patent 
Owner’s view, any reliance by Petitioner on sequencing less than an entire 
and unfragmented tagged polynucleotides constitutes a new and improper 
argument. See id. (“Petitioner is foreclosed from starting over now with 
improper new arguments for mapping this limitation.”). We disagree with 
Patent Owner’s characterization of Petitioner’s argument. 
It cannot be disputed that Linnarsson explicitly teaches “sequencing is 
performed” on tagged polynucleotides after they are amplified, as set forth 
in the following disclosure: 
Figure l, panels A–F, show an overview of a method of 
analyzing gene expression in a plurality of single cells. (A) the 
tissue of interest is dissected; (B) a plurality of single cells are 
selected; (C) single cells are placed in separate wells of a 96-well 
plate and lysed; tagged reverse transcription is performed on 
each sample to produce cDNA; (D) cDNA samples are pooled 
and amplified; (E) sequencing is performed to obtain 100 million 
reads; and (F) identification of expressed genes and identification 
of cells from which they originated. 
Ex. 1003, 4:8–13 (emphasis added). Nor can it be disputed that Petitioner 
cited this very disclosure as teaching limitation [1J]. See Pet. 44 
(“Linnarsson teaches that after generating the tagged polynucleotides, 
‘sequencing is performed’ thereon. See EX1003 at 4:8–13.”). This alone 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
35 
adequately supports Petitioner’s challenge, and it is not a new or improper 
argument. 
We are persuaded that the prior art teaches limitation [1J]. 
11. [1K] “(e) using the sequences determined in step (d) to 
count sample polynucleotides for multiple different 
sample polynucleotides of multiple different single cells of 
said plurality of cells” 
Petitioner relies on a modification of Linnarsson in view of 
McCloskey to satisfy this limitation. See, e.g., Pet. 45 (“The combination of 
Linnarsson and McCloskey discloses this claim element.”). In support, 
Petitioner first recalls that “the combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey 
discloses and renders obvious using a first tag to identify the single-cell 
origin of tagged polynucleotides, and using a second tag to uniquely identify 
each [of the] tagged polynucleotides.” Id. We are persuaded of this, as 
discussed above in Sections 2.E.(3)–(5). Petitioner next directs us to 
McCloskey’s disclosure that “counting sequences with nonredundant 
barcodes provides a quantitative measure of template diversity.” Ex. 1004, 6 
(quoted at Pet. 45). Thus, according to Petitioner and Dr. Cooper, 
“McCloskey’s method provides that counting unique molecular tags would 
provide a count of sample polynucleotides.” Pet. 45 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶240–
242). In addition, Petitioner cites evidence, including the ’013 patent, that 
the use of molecular tags for counting sample polynucleotides was well-
known and routine. Id. at 45–46 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶72; Ex. 1001, 22:47–49). 
Indeed, the ’013 patent states that “[t]he reflex process described herein can 
be used to perform powerful linkage analysis by combining it with nucleic 
acid counting methods” of the prior art. Ex. 1001, 22:45–47; see also id. at 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
36 
22:47–54 (stating that “[a]ny convenient method for tagging and/or counting 
individual nucleic acid molecules with unique tags may be employed” and 
identifying prior art patents/applications disclosing the same). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1K]. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
12.Reason To Combine 
“[A] patent composed of several elements is not proved obvious 
merely by demonstrating that each of its elements was, independently, 
known in the prior art.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 418 
(2007). “[I]t can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted 
a person of ordinary skill in the relevant field to combine the elements in the 
way the claimed new invention does.” Id.; see also In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 
977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (“[R]ejections on obviousness grounds cannot be 
sustained by mere conclusory statements; instead, there must be some 
articulated reasoning with some rational underpinning to support the legal 
conclusion of obviousness”). 
Petitioner argues that “[i]t would have been obvious to utilize 
Linnarsson’s cDNA library preparation to introduce a cell tag and then 
further introduce a second tag to distinguish polynucleotides (as taught by 
McCloskey) using ligation techniques that were well-known in the art.” 
Pet. 35. Petitioner supports its assertion with several reasons, primarily the 
following four. First, Petitioner points out that Linnarsson and McCloskey 
“focus on significantly the same subject matter” as both “describe methods 
of genetic analysis of single cells whereby polynucleotides are annealed to 
oligonucleotides comprising tag sequences.” Id. Second, Petitioner points 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
37 
out that Linnarsson teaches that “there is potential amplification bias” with 
its method and asserts that “McCloskey provides the exact solution to this 
problem, which is to tag the polynucleotides before amplification with a tag 
that distinguishes different molecules within a sample from one another.” 
Pet. 36 (citing Ex. 1003, 2:3–13; Ex. 1004, 1). Third, Petitioner argues that, 
“while McCloskey introduces both the cell tag and the molecule tag through 
a primer extension reaction, it would have been nothing more than an 
obvious and routine design choice to instead introduce the molecule tag via 
ligation.” Id. at 37 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶144; Ex. 1001, 6:31–40, 13:40–47). 
Fourth, Petitioner argues that doing so via ligation “would allow for added 
flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an experiment.” Id. at 39 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶149). 
The Supreme Court has “set forth an expansive and flexible approach” 
to “the question of obviousness” under 35 U.S.C. § 103. KSR, 550 U.S. at 
415. In KSR, the Supreme Court held the following: 
When a work is available in one field of endeavor, design 
incentives and other market forces can prompt variations of it, 
either in the same field or a different one. If a person of ordinary 
skill can implement a predictable variation, § 103 likely bars its 
patentability. For the same reason, if a technique has been used 
to improve one device, and a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would recognize that it would improve similar devices in the 
same way, using the technique is obvious unless its actual 
application is beyond his or her skill. [The relevant question is] 
whether the improvement is more than the predictable use of 
prior art elements according to their established functions. 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417; see also Uber Techs., Inc. v. X One, Inc., 957 F.3d 
1334, 1338 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (quoting the same excerpt from KSR and 
referring to it as a “discussion of design choices and predictable variations”). 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
38 
Here, Petitioner argues that, “while McCloskey introduces both the 
cell tag and the molecule tag through a primer extension reaction, it would 
have been nothing more than an obvious and routine design choice to instead 
introduce the molecule tag via ligation.” Pet. 37 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶144; Ex. 
1001, 6:31–40, 13:40–47). This is so, according to the Petition, because “it 
was well-known and routine in the art to attach tag sequences to other 
sequences by ligation.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶144). In addition to citing Dr. 
Cooper’s testimony on that point, the Petition points to admissions in the 
’013 patent. Id. For example, the ’013 patent states: 
The practice of the present invention may employ, unless 
otherwise indicated, conventional techniques and descriptions of 
organic chemistry, polymer technology, molecular biology 
(including recombinant techniques), cell biology, biochemistry, 
and immunology, which are within the skill of the art. Such 
conventional techniques include polymer array synthesis, 
hybridization, ligation, and detection of hybridization using a 
label. 
Ex. 1001, 13:40–47 (emphasis added). The ’013 patent lists nine references 
that describe ligation reactions and incorporate them by reference. See id. at 
6:31–40 (“A variety of template-driven ligation reactions are described in 
the following references, which are incorporated by reference.”). The 
Petition also directs us to positions Patent Owner took in patent litigation 
involving other patents. See Pet. 38 (“Patent Owner stated with respect to 
the Fodor Patents, for instance, that ‘the specification admits that “in one 
embodiment” of the invention “the label-tag is attached by ligation” and that 
“methods of ligation will be known to those of skill in the art.”’” (quoting 
Ex. 1007, 11–12)); see also PO Sur-Reply 3 (acknowledging “[t]hat 
‘ligation’ is conventional”). 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
39 
Petitioner further argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
“would have had a reasonable expectation of success in ligating a second 
sequence to Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO” and that “it would have been 
obvious to do this by using a linker molecule” in view of Hug.12 Pet. 38 
(citing Ex. 1007, 8; Ex. 1002 ¶¶228–229). 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner has failed to show why POSITA 
would have added such a [ligation] step.” PO Resp. 25. However, 
Petitioner did provide reasons, arguing: 
As Dr. Cooper explains, this approach would be entirely 
equivalent to the method already disclosed . . . except that instead 
of having the tag sequence be part of the CDS or TSO prior to 
extension, the second tag sequence is added to the CDS or TSO 
after extension. A [skilled artisan] would have been motivated 
to utilize this design choice because it would allow for added 
flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an experiment. 
Pet. 39 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶149); see also Ex. 2020, 42:9–15 (Dr. Cooper: 
“And so then the question becomes how does one add the second tag 
effectively to a Linnarsson process. And there’s really only a couple of 
options. Right? There is to build it into the primers they used to make the 
cDNA or to ligate it on after you’ve made that initial cDNA.”). 
Patent Owner argues that, because the ligation approach would have 
been “entirely equivalent to the method [already] disclosed by the 
combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey,” that fact “negates” any reason 
to implement the ligation. PO Resp. 25–26 (quoting Ex. 1002 ¶149). Patent 
Owner cites a non-precedential opinion, South-Tek Sys., LLC v. Engineered 
 
12 Hubert Hug et al., Measurement of Number of Molecules of a Single 
mRNA Species in a Complex mRNA Preparation, 221 J. THEOR. BIO., 
615-624 (2003) (Ex. 1007, “Hug”). 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
40 
Corrosion Sols., LLC, No. IPR2016-00136, Paper 52, 20–23 (May 10, 
2017), as supporting its argument, but it does not. Patent Owner does not 
quote from South-Tek but characterizes it as “finding no motivation to 
combine where the modification rendered a feature in the primary reference 
redundant.” PO Resp. 26. 
Patent Owner’s reliance on South-Tek is misplaced. In South-Tek, the 
Board wrote: 
The proposed combination, as asserted in the Petition, 
adds a new component to Viking. Petitioners did not assert in 
the Petition that Wood’s automatic condensate drain would 
replace the manual condensate drain, or drum drip 24, in Viking, 
or any other drain in Viking. Thus, Petitioners’ proposed 
modification results in two condensate drains in Viking, one a 
manual drain (drum drip 24) and one an automatic drain, without 
a persuasive explanation as to why a person of ordinary skill 
would make this change. 
South-Tek, Paper 52, at 20. Here, Patent Owner has not identified any 
feature that would be redundant in Petitioner’s proposed modification. 
Certainly, the second tag sequence is not redundant of the first tag sequence, 
as they serve different tracking purposes. 
Next, Patent Owner erroneously characterizes the Petition, stating that 
“Petitioner’s sole purported justification for th[e] proposed modification is 
the conclusory assertion that ‘it would allow for added flexibility in selecting 
tag sequences during an experiment.’” PO Resp. 26 (quoting Pet. 39; 
emphasis added). In fact, the Petition also relied on “design choice,” as 
discussed above. Pet. 37. 
Patent Owner does not show that the proposed modification would 
have been beyond the level of skill in the art. Nor does Patent Owner show 
that the modification would have resulted in anything beyond what would 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
41 
have been predicted based on these prior art teachings. In fact, the Patent 
Owner Response does not even address Petitioner’s design choice rationale. 
PO Resp. 26 (erroneously asserting that the Petition relies solely on 
providing “added flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an 
experiment”). We find Petitioner’s unrebutted rationale of obvious design 
choice persuasive. 
Although we find Petitioner’s “design choice” rationale adequate, we 
also address Petitioner’s additional rationale that a skilled artisan would 
have made the modification because “it would allow for added flexibility in 
selecting tag sequences during an experiment.” Pet. 39 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶149). Patent Owner argues that this stated benefit is a “conclusory 
assertion” that is “parroted verbatim with no further explanation or evidence 
by its expert.” PO Resp. 26 (citing Pet. 39; Ex. 1002 ¶149). However, Dr. 
Cooper does provide some explanation, testifying: 
A POSA would have understood that such an approach, 
using ligation to add the tag sequences to the CDS and/or TSO, 
would have been entirely equivalent to the method disclosed by 
the combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey. The only 
difference is in the timing: with the combination of Linnarsson 
and McCloskey discussed above, Section XII.A.1, the tag 
sequence is part of the CDS or TSO prior to extension whereas 
by using ligation, the tag sequence is added after extension. 
Using ligation to add the tag after extension would allow for 
increased flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an 
experiment. Thus, a POSA would have understood that using 
ligation was a routine choice and would have been motivated to 
use ligation because of the increased flexibility in tag choice. 
Ex. 1002 ¶149. Thus, Dr. Cooper suggests that the increased flexibility 
stems from the different (delayed) timing of selecting tag sequences. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
42 
As Petitioner points out, Patent Owner could have cross-examined Dr. 
Cooper about this testimony but chose not to do so. Pet. Reply 8. Patent 
Owner responds that it was under no obligation to “ask deposition questions 
to enable Petitioner’s expert to volunteer new opinions.” PO Sur-reply 2; 
see also id. at 7 (characterizing Petitioner’s failure to cross-examine 
argument as “improperly flip[ping] the burden” onto Patent Owner). We 
agree that Patent Owner was not obligated to ask any particular questions of 
Dr. Cooper during his deposition. However, Patent Owner’s decision to not 
inquire as to the meaning or further details of the “increased flexibility” 
identified by Dr. Cooper undermines its argument that it has been deprived 
of the same. 
In sum, although the Petition does not elaborate as to the details of the 
added flexibility, the Petition clearly identified it as a benefit, citing Dr. 
Cooper’s testimony as its evidentiary support. Patent Owner has not 
rebutted that such flexibility would have been viewed by a skilled artisan as 
a benefit. 
Patent Owner also argues that the proposed modification would not 
have been obvious because it “would add more steps and complexity to 
achieve only an ‘equivalent’ method.” PO Resp. 26. This argument is not 
well developed and is unpersuasive in view of the fact Petitioner identified a 
benefit to the modification, i.e., the increased flexibility. Furthermore, that a 
combination might be inferior does not mean that it is non-obvious. See In 
re Mouttet, 686 F.3d 1322, 1334 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (“[J]ust because better 
alternatives exist in the prior art does not mean that an inferior combination 
is inapt for obviousness purposes.”). 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
43 
We find Petitioner’s reasons sufficient to support the proposed 
modification. 
13.Reasonable Expectation of Success 
“[A]n obviousness determination requires not only the existence of a 
motivation to combine elements from different prior art references, but also 
that a skilled artisan would have perceived a reasonable expectation of 
success in making the invention via that combination.” Medichem, 437 F.3d 
at 1165. “While the definition of ‘reasonable expectation’ is somewhat 
vague, [Federal Circuit] case law makes clear that it does not require a 
certainty of success.” Id. 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success “[g]iven the undisputedly well-
known and routine nature of ligation to attach label tags to polynucleotides.” 
Pet. 38. Petitioner cites multiple pieces of evidence, already discussed 
above, which show this to be true. Pet. 37–38 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶149; Ex. 
1001, 6:31–40, 13:40–47. Further, both Patent Owner and its witness, Dr. 
Quackenbush, concede that ligation was well known in the prior art. See, 
e.g., PO Sur-Reply 3 (acknowledging “[t]hat ‘ligation’ is conventional”); 
Ex. 1071, 187:23–25 (“I’m not contesting that ligation was a well-known 
method of attaching oligonucleotides.”), 188:17–8 (“I told you earlier 
ligation was a conventional technique.”), 186:6–9 (“Ligation is a method 
that was known in the art just like PCR was known in the art.”).13 
 
13 More broadly, during his cross-examination, Dr. Quackenbush could not 
describe anything he thought was “inventive” about the claims of the ’013 
 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
44 
Although Patent Owner concedes that ligation was well known and 
conventional in the art, it disputes that a skilled artisan could have 
implemented ligation as proposed to achieve the claimed invention. PO 
Resp. 28–42. 
In that regard, Patent Owner argues that “the biotin on [Linnarsson’s] 
CDS’s 5' end would block ligation of a tag to the CDS” and any “tag added 
[to Linnarsson’s TSO] via ligation would not be extended, and would 
therefore not be included in the cDNA that is subsequently amplified during 
PCR . . . and would not be part of the ‘tagged polynucleotide’ that is 
sequenced.” Id. at 29, 34. 
In its Reply, Petitioner rebuts both arguments. 
As for Patent Owner’s argument regarding a TSO-based approach, it 
is not persuasive because it is erroneously premised on the skilled artisan 
ligating the second tag after completion of the PCR amplification. Dr. 
Cooper testified that the second tag sequence would be ligated onto the TSO 
 
patent, stating during his deposition: “I’m not prepared to offer an opinion 
about the inventive concepts in the patent today.” Ex. 1069, 14:1–3. Yet, in 
his declaration, Dr. Quackenbush implies a familiarity with the “invention” 
of the ’013 patent, including a section titled “The ’013 Patent’s Invention.” 
Ex. 2013 ¶¶27–32. In that section, he testifies: “Until inventions such as the 
’013 Patent, most nucleotide sequencing was performed using 
polynucleotides (e.g., DNA or RNA) from a population of cells in a process 
called bulk analysis.” Id. ¶29 (emphasis added). Near the end of his 
declaration, Dr. Quackenbush “conclude[s] that each of the Challenged 
Claims is not invalid as obvious under 35 U.S.C. § 103.” Id. ¶97. The 
inventiveness (or not) of the claims of the ’013 patent was squarely within 
the scope of Dr. Quackenbush’s direct testimony. His refusal or inability, on 
cross-examination, to identify anything inventive about the claims reinforces 
our ultimate conclusion that they are unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
45 
(or CDS) “after extension,” not after amplification. See Ex. 1002 ¶149 (Dr. 
Cooper testifying that “with the combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey 
[asserted against claim 1] the tag sequence is part of the CDS or TSO prior 
to extension whereas by using ligation, the tag sequence is added after 
extension”); Ex. 2020, 42:9–15 (Dr. Cooper: “And so then the question 
becomes how does one add the second tag effectively to a Linnarsson 
process. And there’s really only a couple of options. Right? There is to 
build it into the primers they used to make the cDNA or to ligate it on after 
you’ve made that initial cDNA.” (emphasis added)). 
As for Patent Owner’s argument regarding a CDS-based approach, 
Petitioner replies that the argument is erroneously premised on Linnarsson 
requiring the use of biotin. Pet. Reply 11–12 (“Linnarsson discloses 
embodiments—most notably in Figures 3 and 4—that do not use 
fragmentation and capture and hence do not use biotin or any restriction 
enzymes.” (citing Ex. 1070 ¶¶31–59, 114–127)); see also Pet. Reply 13–20. 
Petitioner also argues that, even if a person of ordinary skill in the art wanted 
to use biotin, she would know “the biotin could not be at the end of the CDS 
or TSO but would instead need to be added after ligation or included with 
the barcode.” Id. at 13 (citing Ex. 1070 ¶¶81–84); see also Ex. 1071, 175:2–
6 (Dr. Quackenbush: “So if there’s already a biotin attached, you wouldn’t 
be able to create that bond, hence, ligation wouldn’t occur. And a person in 
2009 would have understood this.”). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s argument that Linnarsson does 
not require biotin is a new and improper argument on reply. PO Sur-Reply 
1, 5. We disagree. Petitioner’s argument is directly responsive to Patent 
Owner’s argument. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b) (“A reply may only respond to 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
46 
arguments raised in the corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary 
response, patent owner response, or decision on institution.”). Petitioner’s 
argument is not only proper, but also persuasive; Linnarsson does not 
require biotin. See Ex. 1003, 3:25–4:2 (“Summary of the Invention” not 
mentioning biotin), 5:28–29 (“Figure 11 [which does include biotin], panels 
A-F, show graphical representation of steps optionally used in the STRT 
method.” (emphasis added)), Figs. 3–4 (not including biotin). 
Patent Owner additionally argues that Petitioner has not “explained 
how Linnarsson’s method would work without biotin or fragmentation.” PO 
Sur-Reply 4. However, Petitioner bears no burden in that regard. See Apple 
Inc. v. Corephotonics, Ltd., 861 F. App'x 443, 450 (Fed. Cir. 2021) (holding 
that in the context of AIA trial proceedings, “regardless of the forum, prior 
art patents and publications enjoy a presumption of enablement, and the 
patentee/applicant has the burden to prove nonenablement for such prior art” 
and that “[i]t was error for the Board to suggest otherwise”). 
Further, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s argument that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have known how to use biotin in a manner 
that did not interfere with the proposed modification. Pet. Reply 13 (citing 
Ex. 1070 ¶¶81–84); see also KSR, 550 U.S. at 421 (“A person of ordinary 
skill is also a person of ordinary creativity, not an automaton.”); Ex. 1071, 
175:2–6 (Dr. Quackenbush: “So if there’s already a biotin attached, you 
wouldn’t be able to create that bond, hence, ligation wouldn’t occur. And a 
person in 2009 would have understood this.”). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s modification is “unclear [as to] 
how the ligation and subsequent steps” would be implemented and 
improperly relies on Hug, which is “not part of its stated Ground.” PO Resp. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
47 
38–39. We do not find these arguments persuasive. As already discussed 
above, it is clear from numerous evidentiary sources, including Hug, that 
ligation was well known and conventional in the art. Ex. 1002 ¶144; Ex. 
1007, 7. Also, as already discussed above, those evidentiary sources include 
the ’013 patent itself and Patent Owner’s own declarant. Ex. 1001, 6:31–40, 
13:40–47; Ex. 1071, 187:23–25, 188:17–8, 186:6–9. Further, a “person of 
ordinary skill is also a person of ordinary creativity, not an automaton.” 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 421. Patent Owner’s argument that the skilled artisan 
could not have ligated a second tag sequence as proposed by Petitioner is not 
credible in view of this evidence. 
In sum, Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in combining the teachings of Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as proposed and resulting in the subject matter of claim 1. 
14. Conclusion as to Claim 1 
We conclude that claim 1 would have been obvious over Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, and the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in the art as 
asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented.14 
 
14 “[E]vidence rising out of the so-called ‘secondary considerations’ must 
always when present be considered en route to a determination of 
obviousness.” Stratoflex, Inc. v. Aeroquip Corp., 713 F.2d 1530, 1538 (Fed. 
Cir. 1983). The record before us, however, lacks any secondary 
considerations evidence. 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
48 
F. Ground 1: Dependent Claims 
Each of claims 2–12 and 19–28 ultimately depends from claim 1. 
Ex. 1001, 31:10–44, 32:8–59. Petitioner argues the proposed modification 
of Linnarsson, McCloskey, and the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill 
in the art, as already discussed above in relation to claim 1, includes each of 
the additional limitations recited in these dependent claims. Pet. 46–60. 
Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically directed to any of 
these dependent claims, relying exclusively on their dependence from claim 
1. PO Resp. 22–49. 
In view of our analysis of claim 1 and our review of Petitioner’s 
mapping of the prior art to the additional limitations recited in claims 2–12 
and 19–28, which is unrebutted by Patent Owner, we conclude that they 
would have been obvious over Linnarsson, McCloskey, and the knowledge 
of a person of ordinary skill in the art as asserted by Petitioner based on the 
evidence presented. 
G. Ground II 
In Ground II, Petitioner argues that claims 13–18 would have been 
obvious over Linnarsson, McCloskey, McCloskey II, and the knowledge of a 
person of ordinary skill in the art. Pet. 5. Each of claims 13–18 ultimately 
depends from claim 1. Ex. 1001, 31:46–32:7. 
Claims 13 and 14 depend from claim 1 and add a limitation regarding 
how much of “said plurality of tagged polynucleotides have a second tag 
sequence that is different from second tag sequences of the other tagged 
polynucleotides.” Ex. 1001, 31:46–53. Claim 13 recites “at least 90 
percent,” and claim 14 recites “substantially” all. Id. 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
49 
Each of claims 15–18 ultimately depends from claim 1 and adds a 
limitation regarding “the number of different second tag sequences.” Ex. 
1001, 31:54–32:7. Claim 15 specifies that the number “is larger than the 
number of sample polynucleotides.” Id. at 31:54–57. Claim 16 specifies 
that the number “is at least ten times the number of sample polynucleotides.” 
Id. at 31:58–61. Claim 17 specifies that the number “is at least one hundred 
times the number of sample polynucleotides.” Id. at 32:1–4. Claim 18 
specifies that the number “at least 200,000.” Id. at 32:5–8. 
For these limitations, Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art “would have understood that increasing the number of 
polynucleotides tagged with a unique second tag sequence increases the 
accuracy of counting, and would have thus been motivated to ensure that 
each polynucleotides [sic] is tagged with a unique second tag sequence.” 
Pet. 60 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶252). According to Petitioner, the skilled artisan 
would have used “at least 100 times more” unique second tag sequences 
than polynucleotides to achieve that objective. Id. at 61. Petitioner further 
argues that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success in doing so. Id. at 60–61. Petitioner points out that McCloskey 
teaches the skilled artisan that “using second tag sequences each containing 
n number of random base pairs ‘enables one to distinguish among 4n allele 
copies per reaction.’” Id. (quoting Ex. 1004, 4). Petitioner also points to 
paragraph 21 of McCloskey II, which teaches that “[t]he length of the 
second sequence is sufficient to provide, with high probability, a unique 
identity to each target nucleic acid molecule in the sample prior to 
amplification.” Ex. 1055 ¶21 (cited at Pet. 62). For example, the length of 
the second sequence can be up 25, 29, or 30 nucleotides. Id. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
50 
Patent Owner argues against Ground 2 on the basis that it employs the 
same motivation as Ground 1. See PO Resp. 51 (“Petitioner repeats [its 
Ground 1] motivation as its motivation in Ground 2.”). According to Patent 
Owner, “there can be no motivation to further modify the Ground 1 
combination in accordance with Ground 2 if, as Petitioner argues, Ground 1 
itself already uniquely tags each molecule, as its supposed motivation for 
this additional Ground 2 modification would have already been 
accomplished.” Id. This argument is not persuasive. 
The proposed modification in Ground 1 is the essentially the same as 
the proposed modification in Ground 2. As Patent Owner previously argued, 
McCloskey II is “a more detailed version of McCloskey.” Prelim. Resp. 13; 
see also id. at 24 (“McCloskey is cumulative of McCloskey II.”). 
Petitioner’s reliance on McCloskey II reflects this fact. In Ground 2, after 
the Petition cites to McCloskey’s “second tag” teachings (which are 
discussed above in relation to Ground 1), the Petition additionally cites to 
McCloskey II’s more detailed teachings regarding the second tag sequence, 
including that it could be up to 30 nucleotides long. Pet. 61–62 (citing Ex. 
1055 ¶21). As the Ground 2 modification is essentially the same, it is 
logical that the Ground 2 motivation is essentially the same. 
Furthermore, Patent Owner’s argument that Petitioner’s Ground 2 is 
deficient is premised explicitly on the condition that “Ground 1 itself 
already uniquely tags each molecule.” PO Resp. 51. In other words, Patent 
Owner argues the motivation for the Ground 2 combination fails because the 
Ground 1 combination (without McCloskey II) already achieves the subject 
matter of claims 13 through 18. If that were the case, then claims 13 and 18 
are unpatentable regardless. 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
51 
III. CONCLUSION 
We conclude, based on a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 
1–28 are unpatentable. In summary: 
 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–28 of U.S. Patent No. 10,697,013 B1 are 
proven unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion To Exclude is 
granted-in-part and denied-in-part (Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is 
granted with respect to the second Hall-Ellis declaration (i.e., Ex. 1085) and 
denied with respect to McCloskey (i.e., Ex. 1004)); 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–12, 
19–28 
103(a) 
Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, and 
“further in view of 
the knowledge of a 
[person of ordinary 
skill in the art]” 
1–12, 19–28 
 
13–18 
103(a) 
Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, 
McCloskey II and 
“further in view of 
the knowledge of a 
[person of ordinary 
skill in the art]” 
13–18 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–28 
 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
52 
FURTHER ORDER that Petitioner’s Motion To Exclude is denied; 
and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this Decision is final, a party to 
the proceeding seeking judicial review of the Decision must comply with the 
notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2023-00958 
Patent 10,697,013 B1 
 
53 
PETITIONER: 
 
Derek Walter 
Adrian Percer 
William Ansley 
WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP 
derek.walter@weil.com 
adrian.percer@weil.com 
sutton.ansley@weil.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
 
Jon Baughman 
Megan Raymond 
GROOMBRIDGE, WU, BAUGHMAN & STONE LLP 
steve.baughman@groombridgewu.com 
megan.raymond@groombridgewu.com