--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 48 
571-272-7822 
Entered: August 10, 2022 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
THORNE RESEARCH, INC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
TRUSTEES OF DARTMOUTH COLLEGE, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
 
Before SUSAN L.C. MITCHELL, CHRISTOPHER G. PAULRAJ, and 
JOHN E. SCHNEIDER, Administrative Patent Judges. 
SCHNEIDER, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318 (a) 
Dismissing-in-Part and Denying-in-Part Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
Dismissing Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
2 
 
I. INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Thorne Research, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting inter 
partes review of claims 1–3 of U.S. Patent No. 8,197,807 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the 
’807 patent”). Paper 2 (“Pet.”). The Trustees of Dartmouth College (“Patent 
Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response contending that the Petition should be 
denied. Paper 10 (“Prelim. Resp.”). During a telephone conference held on 
March 23, 2021, the panel authorized additional briefing on whether certain 
references were the works “by another” as the term is used in 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(a) and § 102(e).1 In accordance with such authorization, Petitioner 
filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response. Paper 17 (“Pet. 
Reply”). Patent Owner then filed a Sur-Reply. Paper 15 (“PO Sur-Reply”). 
We then issued a decision granting inter partes review on August 12, 2021. 
Paper 18 (“Dec.”). 
Patent Owner subsequently filed a Response, Paper 22 (“PO Resp.”) 
followed by a Reply filed by the Petitioner, Paper 27 (“Reply”) and a Sur-
Reply by the patent Owner. Paper 31 (“Sur-Reply”). An oral hearing was 
conducted on May 17, 2022. A copy of the transcript has been made of 
record. Paper 47 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. This is a Final Written 
Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) as to the patentability of the claims on 
which we instituted trial. Based on the complete record before us, we 
determine that Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
 
1 35 U.S.C. § 112 was amended by the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act 
(“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011). Because the 
’807 patent was filed before the effective date of the relevant amendment, 
the pre-AIA versions of §§ 102 and 103 apply in this proceeding. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
3 
 
that claims 1–3 are unpatentable. In addition, for the reasons explained 
below, we dismiss-in-part and deny-in-part Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
Evidence and dismiss Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence. 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Thorne Research, Inc. identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. 
Pet. 33. The Trustees of Dartmouth College identifies itself as the real party-
in-interest. Paper 5, 2. 
C. Related Matters 
A petition for inter partes review was filed by a third party 
challenging all of the claims of the ’807 patent in IPR2017-01796. Pet. 36. 
We denied institution of inter partes review of the petition in IPR2017-
01796. Elysium Health, Inc. v. Trustees of Dartmouth College, IPR2017-
01796, Paper 9 (PTAB Jan. 18, 2018). 
A petition for inter partes review was also filed by the third party 
challenging all claims (1–5) of related U.S. Patent No. 8,383,086 (“the ’086 
patent”) in IPR2017-01795 (“the ’1795 IPR”). Pet. 36. We issued a final 
decision holding that all claims were unpatentable except claim 2. Ex. 1018. 
That decision was affirmed by the Federal Circuit on March 6, 2020. 
Ex. 1020, 1–2. 
 Additionally, Petitioner filed its own petition for inter partes review 
of the ’086 patent in IPR2021-00268 filed February 1, 2021. Pet. 36. We 
issued judgment in that case on May 31, 2022. Thorne Research, Inc. v. 
Trustees of Dartmouth College, IPR2021-00268, Paper 63 (PTAB May 31, 
2022). 
Patent Owner states that the ’807 patent and the related ’086 patent 
are the subject of an infringement action in the United States District Court 
for the District of Delaware in a case captioned ChromaDex, Inc., et al. v. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
4 
 
Elysium Health, Inc., No. 18-cv-01434 (D. Del.). Paper 5, 3. Patent Owner 
further states that the ’086 patent is also subject to a patent misuse 
counterclaim in ChromaDex, Inc. v. Elysium Health, Inc., No. 16-cv-02277-
CJC (C.D. Cal.). Id. Patent Owner has also indicated that it has filed an 
action against Petitioner for infringement of the ’086 patent and the ’807 
patent in ChromaDex, Inc., et al. v. Thorne Research, Inc., No. 1:21-cv-
04241 (S.D.N.Y.). Paper 13. 
Petitioner represents that the district court in the Delaware action 
granted Elysium Health’s Motion for Summary Judgment of Invalidity of 
claim 2 of the ’086 patent, and claims 1, 2, and 3 of the ’807 patent as 
invalid under 35 U.S.C. § 101 for claiming patent ineligible subject matter. 
Paper 25, 2. Patent Owner has appealed the district court’s decision. Id. 
D. The ’807 Patent 
The ’807 patent issued on June 12, 2012, with Charles M. Brenner 
listed as the inventor. Ex. 1001, codes (45), (75). The ’807 patent issued 
from an application filed on April 20, 2006. Id. at code (22). As discussed in 
Section II.C.1, below, the parties disagree as to whether the ’086 patent is 
entitled to an earlier priority date of April 25, 2005. 
The ’807 Patent relates generally to the production of nicotinamide 
riboside (“NR”) and compositions containing NR. Ex. 1001, col. 3, l. 1– col. 
4, l. 16. The ’807 patent also describes the use of compositions containing an 
effective amount of NR to treat various disorders stemming from a 
deficiency in NR. Id. at col. 4, ll. 26–36. NR has been shown to be a 
precursor of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+). Id. The 
compositions can be in the form of a dietary supplement, such as ingestible 
tablets, buccal tablets, troches, capsules, elixirs, suspensions, syrups, wafers, 
chewing gums, and food. Id. at col. 4, ll. 14–16, col. 30, ll. 19–56. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
5 
 
E. Illustrative Claim 
Of the challenged claims, claim 1 is independent. Claims 2 and 3 
depend from claim 1. Claim 1 is illustrative of the claimed subject matter 
and reads as follows: 
1. A composition comprising isolated nicotinamide 
riboside in combination with one or more of tryptophan, 
nicotinic acid, or nicotinamide, wherein said combination is in 
admixture with a carrier comprising a sugar, starch, cellulose, 
powdered tragacanth, malt, gelatin, talc, cocoa butter, 
suppository wax, oil, glycol, polyol, ester, agar, buffering agent, 
alginic acid, isotonic saline, Ringer’s solution, ethyl alcohol, 
polyester, polycarbonate, or polyanhydride, wherein said 
composition is formulated for oral administration and increases 
NAD+ biosynthesis upon oral administration. 
 
Ex. 1001, col. 53, l. 59–col. 54, l. 59. 
F. Evidence 
Petitioner relies on the following references: 
Brenner, et al., WO 2005/077091 A2, published August 25, 2005. 
(“PCT Publication”) (Ex. 1007). 
Bieganowski et al., Discoveries of Nicotinamide Riboside as a 
Nutrient and Conserved NRK Genes Establish a Preiss-Handler 
Independent Route to NAD+ in Fungi and Humans, 117 Cell 495–502 (May 
14, 2005) (“Cell Article”) (Ex. 1008). 
Rosenbloom, US2003/0185918 A1, published October 2, 2003 
(“Rosenbloom”) (Ex. 1015). 
Petitioner also relies on the Declaration of Dr. Samie Jaffrey, M.D., 
Ph.D. (Ex. 1002). 
Patent Owner relies of the Declarations of Dr. Charles M. Brenner and 
Dr. Pawel Bieganowski. (Exs. 2002, 2003, 2015, 2020 and 2021). 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
6 
 
G. Prior Art and Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–3 would have been unpatentable on the 
following grounds: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–3 
103(a) 
Cell Article, Rosenbloom 
1–3 
102 
PCT Publication 
 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
1. Burden of Proof 
At this stage of the proceeding, the burden rests on the petitioner to 
establish by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–3 are 
unpatentable. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). 
2. Anticipation 
“Under 35 U.S.C. § 102, every limitation of a claim must identically 
appear in a single prior art reference for it to anticipate the claim.” Gechter 
v. Davidson, 116 F.3d 1454, 1457 (Fed. Cir. 1997). “[U]nless a reference 
discloses within the four corners of the document not only all of the 
limitations claimed but also all of the limitations arranged or combined in 
the same way as recited in the claim, it cannot be said to prove prior 
invention of the thing claimed and, thus, cannot anticipate under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102.” Net MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1371 (Fed. Cir. 
2008). 
3. Obviousness 
The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including (1) the scope and content of the prior art, 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art, 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
7 
 
(3) the level of skill in the art, and (4) where in evidence, so-called 
secondary considerations or objective indicia of non-obviousness. Graham 
v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966).2 If the differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that the subject matter, as a 
whole, would have been obvious at the time the invention was made to a 
person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject matter pertains, 
the claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a). KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex 
Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). 
A proper § 103 analysis requires “a searching comparison of the 
claimed invention—including all its limitations—with the teaching of the 
prior art.” In re Ochiai, 71 F.3d 1565, 1572 (Fed. Cir. 1995). 
“Obviousness requires more than a mere showing that the prior art 
includes separate references covering each separate limitation in a claim 
under examination.” Unigene Labs., Inc. v. Apotex, Inc., 655 F.3d 1352, 
1360 (Fed. Cir. 2011). “Rather, obviousness requires the additional showing 
that a person of ordinary skill at the time of the invention would have 
selected and combined those prior art elements in the normal course of 
research and development to yield the claimed invention.” Id. 
B. Claim Construction 
For petitions filed on or after November 13, 2018, we interpret claim 
terms using “the same claim construction standard that would be used to 
construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 282(b), including 
construing the claim in accordance with the ordinary and customary 
 
2 Patent Owner does not present evidence of secondary considerations or 
objective indicia of non-obviousness in this proceeding. See generally PO 
Resp. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
8 
 
meaning of such claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and 
the prosecution history pertaining to the patent.” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). 
In IPR2017-01796, we construed the term “isolated” as it appears in 
the ’807 patent to require that “the nicotinamide riboside is separated or 
substantially free from at least some of the other components associated with 
the source of the molecule such that it constitutes at least 25% (w/w) of the 
composition.” See IPR2017-01796, Paper 9 (Decision Denying Institution of 
Inter Partes Review), 5–8. The district court in one of the parallel litigations 
has since construed “isolated nicotinamide riboside” as “nicotinamide 
riboside that is separated or substantially free from at least some of the other 
components associated with the source of the nicotinamide riboside.” 
Ex. 1031, 2. 
It is unclear whether Petitioner urges us maintain the same 
construction for this proceeding as our construction in IPR2017-01796, 
which was based on the broadest reasonable interpretation standard that was 
in effect at the time. See Pet. 38–39 (indicating that the Board’s prior 
constructions “were observed in the unpatentability analysis presented in this 
Petition”). Petitioner, however, notes that “[a]lthough the claims were 
construed under the broadest reasonable construction standard, the 
constructions adopted by the Board in that proceeding are consistent with the 
disclosure of the ’807 patent, as well as how a POSA [person of ordinary 
skill in the art] would have understood those terms.” Id. Patent Owner does 
not propose its own claim constructions or otherwise dispute Petitioner’s 
contentions regarding claim construction in this proceeding. See generally 
PO Resp. For purposes of our analysis in this Decision, we maintain our 
prior construction at least to the extent that it is consistent with the district 
court’s construction. That is, we determine that “isolated nicotinamide 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
9 
 
riboside” as recited in the claims require “nicotinamide riboside that is 
separated or substantially free from at least some of the other components 
associated with the source of the nicotinamide riboside.” However, our 
analysis below would not differ if we had adopted our original construction 
in its entirety. 
We do not find a need to construe any other claim terms. See Realtime 
Data, LLC v. Iancu, 912 F.3d 136 8, 1375 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“The Board is 
required to construe ‘only those terms . . . that are in controversy, and only 
to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” (quoting Vivid Techs., 
Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
C. Are the Cell Article and the PCT Publication Prior Art? 
The parties disagree as to whether the Cell Article and the PCT 
Publication relied upon for the challenges set forth in the Petition are prior 
art to the ’807 patent. Petitioner asserts that the ’807 patent is entitled to an 
effective filing date of April 20, 2006. Pet. 8–17. Based on this effective 
filing date, Petitioner asserts that the Cell Article is available as prior art 
under 35 U.S.C.§ 102(b) because it was published more than one year 
earlier, on May 14, 2004. Id. at 32 n.10. Petitioner also contends the PCT 
Publication is prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a) or § 102(e) based on its 
publication date of August 25, 2005. Id. at 34–35 n.12. 
Patent Owner contends that the effective filing date of the ’807 patent 
is April 25, 2005. Prelim. Resp. 29. Patent Owner contends that based on 
this effective filing date, the Cell Article is not prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(b). Id. Patent Owner also contends that the Cell Article and the PCT 
Publication are not prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a) or § 102(e) as the 
relevant portions of the Cell Article and the PCT Publication are not “by 
another” as that term is used in the statute. PO Sur-Reply 1. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
10 
 
Before we can reach the merits of Petitioner’s claims, we must first 
address the issues of (1) the effective filing date of the ’807 patent, and 
(2) whether the relevant portions of the Cell Article and the PCT Publication 
are “by another.” 
1. The Effective Filing Date of the ’807 patent 
The issue of the effective filing date is important in determining 
which provisions of 35 U.S.C. § 102 are applicable. For example, if we 
accept Patent Owner’s argument that the effective filing date of the ’807 
patent is April 25, 2005, the Cell Article is only prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(a), making the Cell Article subject to the “by another analysis” set 
forth below. See 35 U.S.C. § 102(a). If, however, we find that the effective 
filing date of the ’807 patent is April 20, 2006, the Cell Article is prior art 
under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b) and the “by another analysis” is not applicable. See 
35 U.S.C. § 102(b).3 
Petitioner contends that the ’807 patent is entitled to a priority date of 
April 20, 2006, the filing date of U.S. Application No. 11/912,400. (“the 
’400 application”). Pet. 8. Petitioner contends that operation of both the 
Paris Convention and the Patent Cooperation Treaty (“PCT”) precludes any 
claim of priority earlier than that date because the priority chain of the ’807 
patent includes two PCT applications. Id. at 8–18. 
In our Decision to Institute, we did not address the effective filing 
date of the ’807 patent as we preliminarily determined, based on the record 
at the time, that the Cell Article (“Biegenowski”) and the PCT Publication 
 
3 The PCT Publication was published August 25, 2005, thus it is one prior 
art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a) or (e) and is only available if it represents the 
work of another. See 35 U.S.C. § 102(a) and (e). This is true regardless of 
whether the priority date of the ’807 patent is April 2005 or April 2006. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
11 
 
(“Brenner”) were available as prior art under either 35 U.S.C. § 102(a) or 
102(e) even assuming Patent Owner’s contention that the effective filing 
date is April 25, 2005. Id. at 13. 
Patent Owner contends that the recited provisions of the Paris 
Convention and PCT are not applicable to the ’807 patent, as the claim of 
priority arises under 35 U.S.C. § 120 and not 35 U.S.C. § 119. PO Resp. 
30–33. Patent Owner contends the ’807 patent meets the requirements of 
35 U.S.C. § 120. Id. at 35–37. Patent Owner contends the priority date of the 
’807 patent is April 25, 2005, which is the filing date of U.S. Application 
No. 11/113,701 (“the ’701 application”). Id. at 37–38. 
In its Reply, Petitioner renews its contention that the ’807 patent is 
only entitled to a filing date of April 20, 2006. Reply 2. In support of its 
contention, Petitioner points to the cover sheet of the ’807 patent, which 
only claims priory back to the PCT application, which was filed on April 26, 
2006, and which in turn claims priority back to the ’701 application. Id. at 2–
3. Petitioner contends that Patent Owner requested a corrected filing receipt 
for the ’807 patent to claim priority back to the ’701 application, but the 
request was denied. Id. at 3–4. Petitioner contends: 
The priority grants by the USPTO for both the ’086 and 
’807 patents are consistent with Article 4 of the Paris 
Convention. PO [Patent Owner] was put on notice through the 
corrected filing receipts issued by the USPTO and has failed to 
take any corrective action. IPR2015-00414, Paper 34, 15 
(noting, in denying priority, PO could have sought certificate of 
correction or reissue, but failed to do so); Braun v. Becton, 
Dickinson and Co., 1:16-cv-411-RGA, 7 (D. Del. June 9, 2017) 
(citing IPR2015-00414 for same proposition). PO’s arguments 
otherwise should be rejected. 
Id. at 4. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
12 
 
In its Sur-reply, Patent Owner contends that Petitioner is improperly 
raising a new argument based on Office filing receipts. Sur-reply 1. Patent 
Owner contends that the ’807 patent makes a proper claim of priority under 
35 U.S.C. § 102, and the Board’s initial decision regarding the filing date of 
the ’807 patent was correct. Id at 2. 
We have considered the arguments presented by the parties and, 
similar to our conclusion for the ’086 patent in IPR2021-00268, find that the 
’807 patent is entitled to an effective filing date of April 25, 2005 based on 
priority to the ’701 application. 
The ’807 patent claims priority to domestic applications involving 
either US patent applications or a PCT application designating the United 
States. See Ex. 1001, col. 1, ll. 7–13. 
Under § 120, a patent is entitled to the priority date of an 
earlier filed application if (1) the written description of the 
earlier filed application discloses the invention claimed in the 
later filed application sufficient to satisfy the requirements of 
§ 112; (2) the applications have at least one common inventor; 
(3) the later application is filed before the issuance or 
abandonment of the earlier filed application; and (4) the later 
application contains a reference to the earlier filed application. 
In re NTP, Inc., 654 F.3d 1268, 1277 (Fed. Cir. 2011); see also 35 U.S.C. 
§ 120 (2018). As discussed above, the ’807 patent meets all four criteria set 
forth above for each application in the priority chain of the PCT application 
listed on the face of the ’807 patent. Since the claim of priority arises under 
Section 120, the provisions of the Paris Convention and PCT do not apply. 
While we agree with Petitioner that the face of the ’807 patent does 
not include a citation of the ’701 application, the Specification does contain 
a clear claim of priority back to the ’701 application. See Ex. 1001, col. 1., 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
13 
 
ll. 11–19. We find that this clear statement is enough for a claim of priority 
to this earlier application for the ’807 patent under 35 U.S.C. § 120. 
Petitioner cites to Apple Inc. v. e-Watch, Inc., IPR2015-00414, Paper 
34 (PTAB June 22, 2016) (“Apple”) to support its contention that Patent 
Owner’s failure to seek correction of the priority claim on the face of the 
’807 patent is fatal to Patent Owner’s claim that the filing date should stretch 
back to April 25, 2005. See Reply 2. The facts in Apple are distinguishable 
from the present case. In Apple, the priority claim in the specification 
misidentified the application as a divisional of a prior application when in 
fact it was not. Apple, Paper 34, 7. The Board found this error in identifying 
the relationship of the applications was fatal to the patent owner’s priority 
claim. Id. at 17. 
This is in contrast to the present case where the specification properly 
identifies each of the prior applications and states the claim of priority. Ex, 
1001, col. 1, ll. 11–19. As the Board in Apple pointed out, pre-AIA 
35 U.S.C.§ 120 stated an application is entitled to the benefit of the filing 
date of the first application “if filed before the patenting or abandonment of 
or termination of proceedings on the first application or on an application 
similarly entitled to the benefit of the filing date of the first application and 
if it contains or is amended to contain a specific reference to the earlier filed 
application.” Apple, Paper 34, 9 (quoting 35 U.S.C. § 120). In the present 
case, the specification contains a specific reference to the chain of 
applications extending back of the ’701 application with appropriate co-
pendency of the applications in the chain. 
We are unpersuaded by Petitioner’s argument that the Office’s denial 
to grant Patent Owner a corrected filing receipt supports its argument that 
the effective filing date should be April 20, 2006. Reply 3–4. The Office’s 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
14 
 
refusal to grant a corrected filing receipt was not based on an analysis of 
Patent Owner’s priority claim, but on the grounds that Patent Owner failed 
to file an amended Application Data Sheet. Ex. 1020, 130. 
Based on the foregoing, we determine that the ’807 patent is entitled 
to a filing date of April 25, 2005. Given that the Cell Article was published 
on May 14, 2004, less than one year before the effective filing date of the 
’807 patent, the Cell Article is prior art only under 35 U.S.C.§ 102(a) if it is 
the work of another.4 
2. Are the Relevant Portions of the References “By Another”? 
Under § 102(e), a claim is invalid only if “the invention was described 
in … an application for patent, published under section 122(b), by another 
filed in the United States before the invention by the applicant for patent.” 
Thus, an applicant or patentee may “overcome a prior art reference under 
section 102(e)” by “establish[ing] that the relevant disclosure describes their 
own invention.” In re Costello, 717 F.2d 1346, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 1983). 
As with § 102(e), one’s own work is also not prior art under § 102(a). 
In re Katz, 687 F.2d 450, 454 (CCPA 1982) (“[O]ne’s own work is not prior 
art under § 102(a) even though it has been disclosed to the public in a 
manner or form which otherwise would fall under § 102(a).”). Thus, a 
patentee may overcome a prior art reference under § 102(a) the same way as 
described above, i.e., by establishing that the relied-upon portions of the 
reference describe their own invention as opposed to the work of another. 
See id. at 455. 
 
4 Section 102(e) does not apply here because the Cell Article is not a 
published “application for a patent” nor a “patent granted on an application 
for a patent” by another). See 35 U.S.C. § 102(e). 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
15 
 
Determining that the prior art has a different inventive entity on its 
face other than the inventive entity on the challenged patent does not end the 
inquiry. We must also determine “whether the portions of the reference 
relied on as prior art, and the subject matter of the claims in question, 
represent the work of a common inventive entity.” EmeraChem Holdings, 
LLC v. Volkswagen Grp. of Am., Inc., 859 F.3d 1341, 1345 (Fed. Cir. 
2017) (quoting Riverwood Int'l Corp. v. R.A. Jones & Co., 324 F.3d 1346, 
1356 (Fed. Cir. 2003)); see also Costello, 717 F.2d at 1349 (“An applicant 
may also overcome a reference by showing that the relevant disclosure is a 
description of the applicant’s own work. The pertinent inquiry is 
under 35 U.S.C. § 102(e).”). 
In Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. National Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 
1375 (Fed. Cir. 2015), the Federal Circuit explained the shifting burden of 
production in an inter partes review with respect to showing whether a 
reference is prior art. Id. at 1379–80. Here, although the burden of 
persuasion never shifts to Patent Owner, Petitioner satisfied its initial burden 
of production by arguing that the PCT Publication (referred to in the Petition 
as “Brenner”) and the Cell Article (referred to in the Petition as 
“Bieganowski”) are prior art to the ’807 patent. See id. at 1379 (stating the 
petitioner satisfied its initial burden of production by arguing that the prior 
art anticipated or rendered obvious the challenged claims); see also Pet. 32 
n.10 and 34 n.12 (contending that the Cell Article and the PCT Publication 
both qualify as prior art). The burden of production then shifted to Patent 
Owner to argue or produce evidence that the PCT Publication and the Cell 
Article are not prior art. With Patent Owner having argued and produced 
evidence that the Cell Article and the PCT Publication are not prior art 
because they are not work “by another,” the burden of production shifted 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
16 
 
back to Petitioner to prove that the Cell Article and the PCT Publication 
constitute prior art. See Dynamic Drinkware, 800 F.3d at 1380. 
Under this burden-shifting framework, we consider the arguments and 
evidence presented by the parties as to whether the PCT Publication and the 
Cell Article are prior art. 
The PCT Publication lists Dr. Brenner and Dr. Bieganowski as co-
inventors. Ex. 1007, code (75). The Cell Article also lists Dr. Brenner and 
Dr. Bieganowski as co-authors. Ex. 1008, 495. The ’807 patent, however, 
lists Dr. Brenner as the sole inventor. Ex. 1001, code (75). Thus, we agree 
with Petitioner that the asserted references, on their face, list different 
inventive entities than the ’807 patent. See Pet. 32 n.10, 34 n.12. As 
explained above, however, that does not end the analysis. See EmeraChem, 
859 F.3d at 1345. We must now determine whether the portions of the 
references relied upon by Petitioner in the challenges asserted in the Petition 
represent the work of Dr. Brenner. See id. 
a) The Cell Article 
In the Petition, Petitioner relies on at least six passages of the Cell 
Article for its assertion that the claims of the ’807 patent are unpatentable. 
Pet. 40–50; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 74–93. Petitioner focuses of the portions of the Cell 
Article that relate to compositions containing NR and their use in elevating 
NAD+ levels in humans. See id. 
To satisfy its burden of production to show that the Cell Article’s 
disclosure of NR containing compositions is not the work of another, Patent 
Owner submitted two declarations by Dr. Brenner (Exs. 2002 and 2015) and 
one declaration by Dr. Bieganowski (Ex. 2003). See PO Resp. 14–18. 
Relying on this evidence, Patent Owner asserts that the portions of the Cell 
Article relied upon by Petitioner are solely the work of Dr. Brenner. Id. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
17 
 
In both his First Declaration (submitted prior to institution) and his 
Second Declaration (submitted after institution), Dr. Brenner testified that he 
was solely responsible for the NR research project related to the 
identification of NR as a compound of interest and therapeutic uses of 
compositions comprising NR. Ex. 2002 ¶ 14; Ex. 2015 ¶ 12. Dr. Brenner 
testified that Dr. Bieganowski only acted on his direction and did not 
contribute to or conceive of any aspect to the NR research regarding the 
therapeutic uses of NR. Ex. 2002 ¶ 14; Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 4, 11–12. For example, 
in his Second Declaration, Dr. Brenner testified as follows: 
All of the ideas to conduct these experiments were mine 
alone. I was the person who identified nicotinamide riboside as 
a particular compound of interest and came up with the plan for 
locating and identifying the nicotinamide riboside kinase gene. 
I then directed others in my lab, including post-doctoral fellow 
Pawel Bieganowski, to conduct specific experiments to locate 
the gene. After Dr. Bieganowski performed the assays that I 
directed him to perform and after the nicotinamide riboside 
kinase gene was located, I also directed Dr. Bieganowski to 
perform additional experiments using milk to locate a natural 
source of nicotinamide riboside. 
The idea for therapeutic uses and compositions of 
nicotinamide riboside, including the therapeutic compositions 
recited in the claims of the ’807 patent, were mine alone. 
Although there were other scientists that worked for me in my 
lab at Dartmouth and that performed experiments and assays as 
part of my NR research project, I came up with the ideas for 
that work independently from those other scientists. With 
respect to Dr. Bieganowski, I came up with the specific 
experiments and assays that I thought were appropriate for 
carrying out my ideas, and Dr. Bieganowski faithfully executed 
those experiments and assays at my direction and under my 
supervision. 
Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 11–12. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
18 
 
With respect to the disclosure in the Cell Article, Dr. Brenner testified 
that he performed studies to establish that NR is a NAD+ precursor in a 
previously unknown eukaryotic NAD+ synthetic pathway. Ex. 2015 ¶ 30. 
Dr. Brenner testified he then set out to find sources of NR that could be used 
in a therapeutic composition. Id. Dr. Brenner testified that he directed 
Dr. Bieganowski to perform the experiments reported in the Cell Article, 
which confirmed that NR could be used in a therapeutic composition. Id. 
In his testimony Dr. Brenner explains in detail how each portion of 
the Cell Article cited in the Petition was his own work. Id. ¶¶ 31–34. For 
example, Dr. Brenner testified: 
The IPR Petition also relies on language from page 499 
of the Cell article, including the disclosure that “[w]e used the 
yeast qns1 mutant to screen for natural sources of nicotinamide 
riboside and, as shown in Figure 5, we found it in a vitamin 
fraction of cow’s milk” and that “[t]he persistence of ‘niacin’ as 
a mixture of nicotinamide and nicotinic acid may attest to the 
utility of utilizing multiple pathways to generate NAD+ and 
suggests that supplementation with nicotinamide riboside as [a] 
third importable NAD+ precursor may be beneficial for certain 
conditions.” Ex. 1008 at 499; see Petition at 33, 41, 43-44, 48. 
This is the portion of the Cell article that specifically describes 
the screening assay that I alone developed to locate sources of 
nicotinamide riboside that could ultimately be used in 
therapeutic compositions in humans. As I have previously 
described, I developed that assay myself and Dr. Bieganowski 
performed the assays at my direction. The result of that assay 
revealed that nicotinamide riboside is found in milk in trace 
amounts, while the other previously-known NAD+ precursors 
(i.e., nicotinic acid and nicotinamide) did not score positively in 
the pathway-specific assay. In light of that discovery, and as I 
reported in the Cell article, I also concluded that NR would be a 
useful therapeutic for certain conditions. 
Id. ¶ 31 (alterations in original). 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
19 
 
Dr. Bieganowski’s testimony corroborates Dr. Brenner’s testimony 
that Dr. Bieganowski performed the work reflected in the Cell Article at the 
direction of Dr. Brenner. Ex. 2003 ¶ 7; Ex. 2004, 19. Specifically, in his 
declaration, Dr. Bieganowski testified: 
I was a member of Dr. Charles Brenner’s laboratory at 
Dartmouth College from July 1, 2003 until my departure at the 
end of 2006. During that time, I assisted Dr. Brenner with his 
research project relating to nicotinamide riboside. Dr. Brenner 
designed the project and I was responsible for performing, at 
Dr. Brenner’s direction, the experiments and assays he had 
designed for identifying yeast and human genes that have 
nicotinamide riboside kinase activity. 
Ex. 2003 ¶ 7. In addition, Dr. Bieganowski testified that he “did not 
contribute to the claimed inventions of the ’807 patent or to any aspect 
of Dr. Brenner’s nicotinamide riboside research project regarding 
therapeutic uses or compositions of nicotinamide riboside.” Id. ¶ 8. 
Having considered the evidence submitted by Patent Owner, we find 
Patent Owner has satisfied its burden of production to show the Cell Article 
is not prior art. We find the testimony of Dr. Brenner—as corroborated by 
the testimony and disclaimer of Dr. Bieganowski—to be persuasive 
evidence that the relied-upon portions of the Cell Article represent the work 
of Dr. Brenner alone. See In re Mathews, 408 F.2d 1393, 1396 (CCPA 1969) 
(finding applicant’s declaration and prior art inventor’s disclaimer sufficient 
to overcome a § 102(e) rejection). 
The burden of production thus shifts back to Petitioner to rebut Patent 
Owner’s evidence and show the Cell Article qualifies as prior art. In 
response, Petitioner challenges the sufficiency of Patent Owner’s evidence 
and asserts that Dr. Bieganowski made a significant contribution to the work 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
20 
 
described in the Cell Article making the Cell Article the work of another. 
Reply 4–19. We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments. 
Petitioner contends that the declarations of Dr. Brenner and 
Dr. Bieganowski are conclusory and lack the required corroboration. Id. at 
5–6. Petitioner further contends Dr. Brenner’s testimony is not credible and 
is biased. Id. at 7–12. Petitioner points to Dr. Brenner’s bias based on his 
relationship with Patent Owner. Id. at 12–13. Petitioner also argues 
Dr. Bieganowski’s testimony does not corroborate Dr. Brenner’s testimony. 
Id. at 13–19. We address each of these contentions in turn. 
(1) Dr. Brenner’s Testimony 
Petitioner contends that Dr. Brenner’s testimony is not credible. 
Reply 7. Petitioner argues that Dr. Brenner’s testimony that 
“contemporaneous” documentation confirmed his memory about the NR 
project is not credible as one of the documents, Dr. Brenner’s Rule 132 
declaration submitted in 2012, was not created until eight years after the Cell 
Article was published. Id. 
Petitioner also contends that Dr. Brenner’s testimony is not credible in 
that Dr. Brenner’s testimony reduces Dr. Bieganowski’s role to that of a 
mere technician. Id. at 8. Petitioner contends this is inconsistent with the 
Cell Article’s listing of Dr. Bieganowski as the lead author. Id. at 9. 
Petitioner contends that Dr. Brenner’s testimony is inconsistent with the fact 
that Dr. Bieganowski was listed as a co-inventor on the provisional 
application, US App. No. 60/543,347 (Ex. 1005), and PCT application, as 
well as an application filed in Australia. Reply 10. Finally, Appellant 
contends Dr. Brenner’s testimony is contradicted by a statement made by 
Dr. Brenner in an interview where he said that he and Dr. Bieganowski 
discovered the vitamin activity of NR, and that NR is an additional, 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
21 
 
unanticipated vitamin that can allow our cells to rebuild NAD+. Id. at 11–
12. 
We have considered Petitioner’s arguments and are not persuaded that 
Dr. Brenner’s testimony is so devoid of credibility as to affect our 
conclusion that the portions of the Cell Article relied upon by the Petitioner 
are the work of Dr. Brenner alone. 
In our Decision to Institute, we agreed with Petitioner that the First 
Declaration of Dr. Brenner was conclusory in nature and also undermined by 
the fact that Dr. Brenner had claimed, as his own, work that was done by 
others. Dec. 17–20. Patent Owner, however, subsequently submitted a 
Second Declaration of Dr. Brenner where he offers further explanation as to 
why the work in the Cell Article cited by Petitioner was his work alone. See 
Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 29–34. Dr. Brenner also provides a more detailed explanation of 
the NR project and the roles he and Dr. Bieganowski played in the project. 
Given the level of detail in Dr. Brenner’s Second Declaration, we do not 
agree with Petitioner’s contention that the Second Declaration is likewise 
conclusory. 
Petitioner contends that Dr. Brenner’s testimony is not credible in that 
it reduces Dr. Bieganowski’s role to that of a mere technician. Reply 8. 
Petitioner argues this is inconsistent with Dr. Bieganowski being listed as 
the lead author of the Cell Article. Id. at 9. Petitioner points to the 
publication policies of the Cell Journal, which requires Dr. Brenner to ensure 
that all appropriate contributors are listed as authors as being inconsistent 
with Dr. Brenner’s assertion that the work in the Cell Article is his alone. Id. 
We are not persuaded that the listing of Dr. Bieganowski as the first 
author of the Cell Article renders Dr. Brenner’s testimony untrustworthy. As 
Patent Owner points out, “Dr. Brenner only claims that he conceived the 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
22 
 
relied-upon portions of the at-issue references, not the Cell article as a whole 
or every aspect of the ’337 PCT Publication’s claims.” Sur-Reply 10 (citing 
Ex. 2002 ¶¶ 16–19; Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 4, 15–34) (emphasis omitted). Moreover, 
although listing Dr. Bieganowski as an author indicates that 
Dr. Bieganowski made some contribution to the content of the Cell Article, 
Petitioner has advanced no evidence that Dr. Bieganowski contributed to the 
relied-upon portions of the Cell Article. See Reply 9. 
Petitioner contends that Dr. Brenner’s 2012 Rule 132 declaration that 
was submitted to the Office is not a contemporaneous document as it was 
prepared almost eight years after the Cell Article was published. Id. at 7. 
Although we agree with Petitioner that the 2012 declaration is not 
“contemporaneous” with the publication of the Cell Article, other 
documents, such as the PCT publication and the provisional application, 
relied upon by Dr. Brenner were prepared at the same time or close to the 
publication date of the Cell Article. See Exs. 1005, 1007, and 1008. We do 
not find Dr. Brenner’s calling his 2012 declaration a contemporaneous 
record rises to the level of rendering his testimony untrustworthy. 
Petitioner contends that Dr. Brenner’s statement in an interview 
during an August 2021 “Habits and Hustles” podcast (Ex. 1034) about his 
work contradicts his testimony and renders it not credible. Reply 11–12. In 
the interview, Dr. Brenner stated “Pawel Bieganowski and I, in 2004, 
discovered the vitamin activity of NR, that NR’s an additional, unanticipated 
vitamin that can allow our cells to rebuild NAD.” Ex. 1034, 4. Petitioner 
contends that “Dr. Bieganowski’s role in the discovery of the pathway 
represents a contribution significant enough to render him a joint inventor of 
the relied-upon subject matter.” Reply 12. Petitioner, however, does not 
present any evidence as to what Dr. Bieganowski’s role was or how it relates 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
23 
 
to the relied-upon portions of the Cell Article and the claimed invention. See 
id. Petitioner only presents unsupported attorney argument that 
Dr. Bieganowski must have made an inventive contribution to the relied 
upon portions of the Cell Article. See id. But “[a]ttorneys’ argument is no 
substitute for evidence.” Johnston v. IVAC Corp., 885 F.2d 1574, 1581 
(Fed. Cir. 1989). 
Petitioner further contends that Dr. Brenner’s testimony is 
undermined by “his clear and substantial bias” based on his financial 
interests. Reply 12. Petitioner contends Dr. Benner is the Chief Scientific 
Advisor to Chromadex, which is the licensee of the ’807 patent. Id. at 12–13. 
Petitioner contends Dr. Brenner’s compensation from Chromadex includes a 
monthly retainer as well as shares and stock options in Chromadex. Id. at 13. 
Petitioner argues that, given Dr. Brenner’s financial stake in Chromadex, 
there is a heightened need for corroboration of Dr. Brenner’s testimony. Id. 
We are not persuaded that Dr. Brenner’s testimony lacks credibility. 
Although Dr. Brenner’s financial interest is a factor in deciding how much 
weight to give his testimony, much of his testimony is corroborated by 
Dr. Bieganowski, who testified that he does not have any ownership or 
financial interest in Chromadex or any other current relationship with 
Dartmouth College. See Ex. 2004, 7:2–13; see also Varian Med. Sys. v. 
William Beaumont Hospital, IPR2016-00160, Paper 82, 29 (PTAB May 4, 
2017) (rejecting petitioner’s argument of inventor’s bias regarding “by 
another” issue because much of the inventor’s testimony was corroborated 
by the disclaimer declarant); Trans Ova Genetics, LC v. XY, LLC, IPR2018-
00250, Paper 35, 10 fn. 9 (PTAB June 26, 2019) (holding that testimony 
from a compensated witness who, as a former board member, may have had 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
24 
 
an interest in the outcome, was credible because it “was under oath and 
subject to cross-examination”). 
Having considered the parties’ arguments and the evidence of record, 
we find Dr. Brenner’s testimony concerning his sole contribution to the 
relied-upon portions of the Cell Article to be credible and persuasive. 
(2) Dr. Bieganowski’s Testimony 
Petitioner contends Dr. Bieganowski’s declaration does not 
corroborate Br. Brenner’s testimony. Reply 13. Petitioner points to our 
initial determination in the Decision to Institute where we found 
Dr. Brenner’s and Dr. Bieganowski’s declarations insufficient to support a 
finding that the relied upon portions of the Cell Article and the PCT 
Publication were the work of Dr. Brenner alone. Id. 
Petitioner contends that there are inconsistencies between the 
testimony of Dr. Bieganowski and that of Dr. Brenner. Id. at 14. In 
particular, Petitioner points to Dr. Bieganowski’s deposition testimony that 
he did not review the Cell Article when he prepared his declaration because 
“I didn’t need to. I did this work. . . . I know what’s in this paper,” and “that 
wasn’t necessary.” Ex. 2004, 12:13–20. Petitioner contends that 
Dr. Bieganowski’s statement that it was not necessary for him the review the 
Cell Article because he did the work and knew what was in the paper 
supports Petitioner’s contention that Dr. Bieganowski made a significant 
contribution of the Cell Article. Reply 14. Petitioner contends that 
Dr. Bieganowski’s role in the work is sufficient to render him a joint 
inventor of the relied-upon subject matter. Id. at 15–16. 
Petitioner contends that the relationship between Dr. Brenner and 
Bieganowski was more than one of “superior-subordinate.” Id. at 17. 
Petitioner contends that Dr. Bieganowski was more than just a student 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
25 
 
working under Dr. Brenner’s supervision. Id. at 16. Petitioner contends that 
the fact that Dr. Bieganowski was a postdoctoral fellow working in 
Dr. Brenner’s laboratory and was listed as the first author on the Cell Article 
supports Petitioner’s contention that the relationship was more than just 
“superior-subordinate.” Id. 
Finally, Petitioner contends that Patent Owner has failed to provide 
any independent documentation to support the testimony of Dr. Brenner and 
Bieganowski. Id. Petitioner contends “[w]hile a patent challenger has the 
burden of producing evidence to support a conclusion of unpatentability, a 
patent owner bears the burden of producing evidence to support a claim that 
an asserted reference is not by another.” Id. at 18. 
We have considered Petitioner’s arguments and the evidence of record 
and find Dr. Brenner’s testimony, coupled with the corroborating testimony 
by Dr. Bieganowski, to be credible and sufficient to establish that the relied-
upon portions of the Cell Article are the work of Dr. Brenner. 
Although we initially found the original declarations of Dr. Brenner 
and Dr. Bieganowski to be insufficient to show the relied upon portions of 
the Cell Article to be the sole work of Dr. Brenner, the record at the time of 
institution did not include any cross-examination testimony of either 
declarant. Moreover, Patent Owner has since submitted a Second 
Declaration of Dr. Brenner, which further explains why the relied upon 
portions of the Cell Article are his work alone and explains the relationship 
between Dr. Brenner and Dr. Bieganowski. Ex. 2015. This second 
declaration is consistent with the deposition testimony of Dr. Bieganowski. 
Compare, e.g., Ex. 2004, 19, with Ex. 2015 ¶ 12. The Second Declaration of 
Dr. Brenner coupled with both the declaration and deposition testimony of 
Dr. Bieganowski leads us now to conclude that the evidence submitted by 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
26 
 
Patent Owner is sufficient and persuasive to show that the relied-on portions 
of the Cell Article are the work of Dr. Brenner alone. 
We are unpersuaded by Petitioner’s argument that Dr. Bieganowski’s 
testimony that he didn’t need to review the Cell Article because he “did this 
work” and “know[s] what’s in this paper” raises his involvement to the level 
of being an inventive contributor to the relied-upon portions of the Cell 
Article. Petitioner has not pointed to any authority or persuasive evidence 
which supports this contention. See Reply 14–16. As the testimony of Drs. 
Brenner and Bieganowski make clear, although Dr. Bieganowski may have 
carried out much of the experimental work discussed in the Cell Article, and 
thus been quite familiar with what was in the article, this record supports our 
conclusion that it was Dr. Brenner who devised the experiments and who 
conceived the claimed invention validated by those experiments. Ex. 2003 
¶¶ 7–8, Ex. 2004, 9–21; Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 11–14. We discern nothing in the 
record before us, other than attorney argument, that Dr. Bieganowski made a 
significant contribution to the work described in the portions of the Cell 
Article relied upon by Petitioner to assert that the claimed invention was 
obvious. 
We are similarly unpersuaded by Petitioner’s argument that the 
relationship between Drs. Brenner and Bieganowski was more than that of 
superior/subordinate and that the nature of their relationship demonstrates 
that Dr. Brenner’s testimony is not credible. Reply 16–17. In support of this 
contention, Petitioner points to the fact that Dr. Bieganowski was a 
postdoctoral fellow who worked in Dr. Brenner’s laboratory for five years; 
that Dr. Bieganowski was the first named author of the Cell Article; and that 
Dr. Bieganowski consulted with Chromadex. Id. Although we have taken 
these facts into account, we do not find that they sufficiently call into 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
27 
 
question both Dr. Brenner’s and Dr. Bieganowski’s testimony regarding 
their relationship vis-à-vis their work on NR. Dr. Brenner and 
Dr. Biegenawoski testified in a consistent manner about their respective 
roles in the laboratory. See Ex. 2015 ¶ 12 (Dr. Brenner testifying that “With 
respect to Dr. Bieganowski, I came up with the specific experiments and 
assays that I thought were appropriate for carrying out my ideas, and 
Dr. Bieganowski faithfully executed those experiments and assays at my 
direction and under my supervision.”); Ex. 2003 ¶ 7 (Dr. Biegenawoski 
testifying that “Dr. Brenner designed the project and I was responsible for 
performing, at Dr. Brenner’s direction, the experiments and assays he had 
designed for identifying yeast and human genes that have nicotinamide 
riboside kinase activity.”); Ex. 2004, 19:12–14 (Dr. Biegenawoski testifying 
that “So the way the lab was organized was that [Dr. Brenner] was designing 
experiments, and I was making them.”). 
We thus agree with Patent Owner that the testimony of Drs. Brenner 
and Bieganowski leads to the conclusion that the relationship between Drs. 
Brenner and Bieganowski, at least as it related to the NR project, was that of 
superior and subordinate. We are not inclined to infer a different relationship 
or a more significant role for Dr. Bieganowski based on the length of time he 
worked for Dr. Brenner, the fact that he was listed as the first author on the 
Cell Article, or that he consulted for Chromadex regarding NR. Reply 16–
17. Absent any other persuasive evidence that the working relationship 
between Drs. Brenner and Bieganowski was other than as consistently 
described by those two individuals under oath, we credit the testimony of 
these two witnesses. 
We are not persuaded that Patent Owner needed to produce additional 
independent, contemporaneous evidence to sufficiently corroborate the 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
28 
 
testimony of Drs. Brenner and Bieganowski. See Reply 18–19. In Katz, the 
predecessor of our reviewing court held that a declaration of an inventor was 
sufficient to establish that a prior art reference was not the work of another 
where the declaration stated that (1) the inventor was “the sole inventor of 
the subject matter described and claimed” in the patent application at issue, 
(2) the inventor was “the sole inventor of the subject matter which is 
disclosed in [the prior art publication] and disclosed and claimed in the 
application submitted herewith,” and (3) “the other authors of publication . . 
. were students working under the direction and supervision of the inventor . 
. . and while co-authoring the publication, are not co-inventors of the subject 
matter described therein.” Katz, 687 F.2d at 452, 455–56. Like the inventor’s 
declaration considered in Katz, Dr. Brenner’s Second Declaration in this 
proceeding affirmatively states: (1) “I alone am the one that conceived of 
using NR in therapeutic compositions, as claimed in the ‘’807 patent,” (2) “I 
alone came up with the ideas reflected in the relied-upon portions of the 
‘’337 PCT Publication and Cell Article,” and (3) “any work performed by 
Dr. Bieganowski as to the relied-upon portions of ’337 PCT Publication and 
the Cell article was performed at my direction and supervision and occurred 
after I came up with the ideas for that work.” Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 10, 14, 15. We 
also note that Dr. Brenner’s Second Declaration is much more detailed than 
the inventor’s declaration found sufficient in Katz. Moreover, Dr. Brenner’s 
testimony in this case is corroborated by Dr. Bieganowski, who testified that 
he worked under Dr. Brenner’s supervision and that the relied-upon portions 
of the Cell Article were not his contribution. Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 7–8; Ex. 2004, 19, 
21–22. As noted in Katz, the submission of disclaiming affidavits or 
declarations by the other authors “would have ended the inquiry,” but did 
not find that was required by the statute or Rule 132. Katz, 687 F.2d at 455. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
29 
 
Petitioner contends that our reviewing court requires us to view the 
totality of the circumstances when deciding whether a reference is the work 
of another and that the totality of the circumstances in the present case 
supports a conclusion that the Cell Article is the work of another. Reply 6, 
19. In support of this contention Petitioner cites to EmeraChem, 859 F.3d at 
1347. Id. The facts in the present case are distinguishable from those in 
EmeraChem. 
In EmeraChem, our reviewing court found an inventor’s declaration 
insufficient to establish that a prior art reference was not “by another,” 
where “the declaration amounts to a naked assertion by an inventor that he 
and a co-inventor are the true inventors of the passages cited” and “[n]othing 
in the declaration itself, or in addition to the declaration, provides any 
context, explanation, or evidence to lend credence to the inventor’s bare 
assertion.” EmeraChem, 859 F.3d at 1345. Although the lack of 
contemporaneous documentary evidence was one factor that led to the 
court’s conclusion, the court expressly stated “[w]e do not suggest that an 
inventor must produce contemporaneous documentary evidence in every 
case to support his or her declaration,” and “[a] number of factors may guide 
the corroboration assessment, including the time period between the event 
and trial and the interest of the corroborating witness in the subject matter in 
suit.” Id. at 1346–47. In this proceeding, however, the testimony of 
Dr. Brenner and Dr. Bieganowski sufficiently corroborates each other as to 
Dr. Brenner’s contribution (and Dr. Bieganowski’s lack of inventive 
contribution) to the relied-upon teachings of the Cell Article. See Ex. 2015 
¶¶ 11–12; Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 7–8; see also Nobel Biocare Servs. AG v. Instradent 
USA, Inc., 903 F.3d 1365, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (“Corroborating evidence 
may include documentary or testimonial evidence. . . . Circumstantial 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
30 
 
evidence can be sufficient corroboration”). Thus, when the totality of the 
evidence is considered, we find that the evidence found missing in 
EmeraChem is present in the case before us. 
(3) Work of Others 
Petitioner also contends that the Cell Article represents the work of 
another as the relied-upon portions of the Cell Article were the work of 
researchers other than Dr. Brenner and Dr. Bieganowski. Pet. Reply 8. 
Petitioner contends the techniques used by Dr. Bieganowski in the course of 
his work were known in the art as were all the elements of the claims. Id. at 
8–10. Citing our decision in IPR2017-01796, Petitioner contends that 
Dr. Brenner did not invent the subject matter of claim 1 of the ’086 patent 
which is directed to NR in admixture with a carrier. Id. at 10. 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments. Although the 
laboratory techniques and starting materials used by Drs. Brenner and 
Bieganowski may have been known in the art, that is not the claimed 
invention. The invention as recited in claim 1 is directed a composition 
comprising isolated NR combined with one or more of tryptophan, nicotinic 
acid, or nicotinamide and one of the recited carriers, wherein the 
composition is formulated for oral administration and increases NAD+ 
biosynthesis upon oral administration. See Ex. 1001, col. 53. That the certain 
individual elements of the claimed composition may have been known 
elsewhere in the prior art does not lead to a conclusion that the relied-upon 
portions of the Cell Article are “by another.” 
Petitioner cites In re Facius, 408 F.2d 1396 (CCPA 1969) for the 
proposition that the relied-upon portions of the Cell Article may still be 
applied as prior art “if [they] do not represent the inventive work of 
Dr. Brenner, but instead represent the work of those in the prior art.” Pet. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
31 
 
Reply 8–9 (emphasis omitted). The present case is distinguishable from the 
facts in Facius. 
In Facius, the issue was whether a reference was available as prior art. 
408 F.2d at 1403. The appellant submitted an affidavit stating that although 
he assisted in the development of the invention claimed in the reference, he 
did not “invent other relied-upon portions of the reference.” Id. at 1402. Our 
reviewing court found that this affidavit was insufficient to overcome the 
prima facie case that the reference was available as prior art, noting that the 
statements in the affidavit “are not inconsistent with the possibility of 
appellant’s having merely brought the prior art to the attention of the 
patentee and perhaps having done some ‘design’ work on it.” Id. at 1407. 
The court in Facius stated that the appellant could have overcome the 
rejection if the appellant had shown that he himself had made the invention 
in the relied-upon portion of the reference, but he had not. Id. By contrast 
here, Dr. Brenner unequivocally testified that he alone came up with the 
relied-upon teachings of the Cell Article. Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 29–34. 
Based on the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we determine 
that Petitioner has not satisfied its burden to prove the portions of the Cell 
Article relied upon for obviousness challenge represent the work of another 
so as to qualify that reference as prior art under § 102(a). 
b) The PCT Publication 
Citing various passages of the PCT Publication, Petitioner contends 
that the PCT Publication anticipates the claims of the ’807 patent. Pet. 51–
54. Petitioner contends that the PCT Publication is the work of another under 
35 U.S.C. § 102 as the publication lists Drs. Brenner and Bieganowski as co-
inventors. Pet. Reply 2. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
32 
 
Patent Owner once again contends that the relied-upon passages of the 
PCT Publication are the work of Dr. Brenner alone and are not the work of 
another. PO Resp. 14. As with its contentions regarding the Cell Article 
discussed above, Patent Owner supports its arguments with the declarations 
of Dr. Brenner and Dr. Bieganowski and the deposition testimony of 
Dr. Bieganowski. See PO Resp. 16–18. 
As with the Cell Article, although we find Petitioner satisfied its 
initial burden of production, we find Patent Owner then has met its burden 
of production through the declarations of Dr. Brenner and Bieganowski and 
the deposition testimony of Dr. Bieganowski. For the reasons discussed 
above, the burden of production thus shifted back to Petitioner to establish 
that the relied-upon portions of the PCT Publication are the work of another. 
Petitioner attempts to satisfy its burden by attacking the credibility of 
Drs. Brenner and Bieganowski, making largely the same arguments 
discussed and rejected above. We find these arguments equally 
unpersuasive as applied to the PCT Publication. Petitioner, however, makes 
one additional argument regarding the PCT Publication, which we address 
below. See Reply 9–10. 
In particular, Petitioner contends that the testimony regarding 
Dr. Brenner being the sole inventor of the relied-upon portions of the PCT 
Publication is contradicted by the fact that Drs. Brenner and Bieganowski 
were both listed as inventors on the PCT Publication and on the earlier filed 
provisional application, US App. No. 60/543,347. Id. Petitioner contends 
that Dr. Brenner checked both of these applications to be sure they were 
accurate, including with regard to inventorship. Id. Petitioner contends that 
this is inconsistent with Dr. Brenner’s declaration, where he claims to be the 
sole inventor of the subject matter disclosed and claimed in the PCT 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
33 
 
Publication. Id. at 11. To this point, Patent Owner responds by arguing that 
“the issue here is not correctness of inventorship of the asserted [the PCT 
Publication] or applications leading from the [the PCT Publication] to the 
’807 patent.” Sur-Reply 11. As noted by Patent Owner, “even if Petitioner 
were correct (and it is not) that the record shows that Dr. Brenner made the 
sole inventive contribution to the entirety of the [the PCT Publication] or, 
alternatively, that Dr. Bieganowski made an inventive contribution to the 
’701 Application, this would not change the fact that Petitioner has failed to 
establish that that Dr. Bieganowski made an inventive contribution to the 
relied-upon portions of the at-issue prior art references.” Id. at 11–12. 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s additional argument with regard 
to the PCT Publication. Although the listing of Dr. Bieganowski on the 
provisional application and the PCT Publication suggests that 
Dr. Bieganowski may have contributed in some manner to the invention 
described in one or more of the claims in those documents, it does not show 
that Dr. Bieganowski contributed to the relied-upon portions of the PCT 
Publication. As with the Cell Article, Petitioner asks us to infer from the 
mere listing of Dr. Bieganowski as a co-inventor of the reference that he 
must be an inventor of the relied-upon portions of the reference. But, unlike 
with an issued patent, we are not aware of any authority suggesting that 
there is a presumption or inference that the inventors named on a PCT 
publication or a patent application should be considered the true inventors of 
all portions of the reference. Cf. Ethicon, Inc. v. U.S. Surgical Corp., 135 
F.3d 1456, 1460 (Fed. Cir. 1998) (“Patent issuance creates a presumption 
that the named inventors are the true and only inventors.”). In this regard, we 
give credence to the explanation that Patent Owner may have properly 
determined that Dr. Brenner was the sole inventor of the claimed subject 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
34 
 
matter as amended during prosecution, and thus corrected the inventorship to 
remove Dr. Bieganowski before the ’807 patent issued. Given the 
corroborated testimony of Dr. Brenner that he is the sole inventor of the 
relied upon portions of the references, Dr. Bieganowski’s unequivocal 
disclaimer of the inventions, and a lack of other evidence suggesting that 
Dr. Bieganowski made any contribution to the relied-upon portions of the 
references, we decline to make any inference based on Dr. Bieganowki 
having been listed as a co-inventor on the PCT Publication or any of the 
applications leading up to the ’807 patent. 
For the reasons stated above, with we determine that, based on the 
arguments and evidence presented at trial, Petitioner has not satisfied its 
burden to prove the portions of the PCT Publication relied upon for its 
anticipation challenge represent the work of another so as to qualify that 
reference as prior art under § 102(e). 
c) Conclusion 
Having found that neither the Cell Article or the PCT Publication is 
the work of another and therefore not available as prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(a) or § 102(e), we find Petitioner has not established by a 
preponderance of the evidence that any challenged claim of the ’807 patent 
is unpatentable. 
III. MOTIONS TO EXCLUDE 
Both Petitioner and Patent Owner have filed motions to exclude. 
Paper 36 (“PO Mot.”) and 37 (“Pet. Mot.”). We address each of these in 
turn. 
A. Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Patent Owner seeks to exclude Exhibit 1044 which is the second 
declaration of Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Jaffrey. PO Mot. 1. Patent Owner 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
35 
 
contends that the declaration is not proper expert testimony under FRE 702 
nor is it relevant. Id. at 4–11. We do not rely on Dr. Jaffrey’s testimony in 
rendering this Decision. Accordingly, we dismiss Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Exclude as moot. 
B. Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
Petitioner seeks to exclude all of the declarations of Dr. Brenner and 
Dr. Bieganowski, Exs. 2002, 2003, 2015, 2020, and 2021 “because they 
provide insufficient evidence to show sufficient basis for the matter to which 
the declarants testify, and they provide unqualified legal opinions that are 
not based on sufficient facts or data.” Pet. Mot. 2. 
Petitioner contends that Dr. Brenner’s statements that 
Dr. Bieganowski was not the inventor of the relied-upon portions of the Cell 
Article and the PCT Publication constitutes a legal opinion that Dr. Brenner 
is not qualified to give. Id. at 3. Petitioner also contends that the testimony 
given by Dr. Brenner and Bieganowski is uncorroborated and they fail to 
provide any factual detail about the work done in the NR project. Id. at 3–5. 
Petitioner contends that the declarations should be excluded as they 
“rest on self-serving, uncorroborated assertions by interested parties that 
makes their probative value substantially outweighed by their undue 
prejudice and risk of confusing the issues.” Id. at 5. 
We begin by noting that we did not rely on Exhibits 2020 or 2021 in 
rendering this decision. Accordingly, that portion of Petitioner’s motion is 
dismissed as moot. 
With respect to the portions of Dr. Brenner’s testimony wherein he 
appears to opine about the ultimate issue of inventorship, we do not rely on 
that portion of Dr. Brenner’s testimony in our decision. Accordingly, that 
portion of Petitioner’s motion is moot. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
36 
 
Turning to the remainder of Petitioner’s motion, the issues raised by 
Petitioner go to the credibility of Drs. Brenner and Bieganowski and not the 
admissibility of their testimony. See MaxLinear, Inc. v. Cresta Tech. Corp., 
IPR2015-00594, Paper 90, 7, 10 (PTAB Aug. 15, 2016) (recognizing that 
“Petitioner’s contention that the Declarations are inconsistent” with other 
evidence “is not material in an admissibility determination”); DraftKings 
Inc. v. Interactive Games LLC, IPR2020-01107, Paper 39, 17 (PTAB Jan. 4, 
2022) (holding that “testimony . . . does not need corroboration by other 
documentary evidence to be admissible under Fed. R. Evid. 702” and “[t]o 
the extent Petitioner argues otherwise, Petitioner addresses the weight to be 
given [the] testimony, as opposed to its admissibility”). For this reason, we 
deny Petitioner’s Motion to exclude. 
IV. CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, we conclude that Petitioner has not 
established by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–3 of the ’807 
patent are unpatentable based on any of the grounds presented. 
In summary: 
 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
Claims 
 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–3 
103 
Cell Article, 
Rosenbloom 
 
1–3 
1–3 
102 
PCT Publication 
 
1–3 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1–3 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
37 
 
ORDERED that claims 1–3 of the ’807 patent are not held 
unpatentable as obvious over the Cell Article combined with Rosenbloom; 
FURTHER ORDERED that claims 1–3 of the ’807 patent are not held 
unpatentable as anticipated by the PCT Publication; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed in part as moot and denied in part; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
the parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
38 
 
PETITIONER: 
Michael T. Rosato 
Lora M. Green 
Tasha M. Thomas 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
mrosato@wsgr.com 
lgreen@wsgr.com 
tthomas@wsgr.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
John L. Abramic 
Jamie L. Lucia 
Benjamin R. Holt 
STEPTOE & JOHNSON LLP 
jabramic@steptoe.com 
jlucia@steptoe.com 
bholt@steptoe.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
39 
 
 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-00491 
Patent 8,197,807 B2 
40 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
[Attorney name] 
[LAW FIRM] 
[email] 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
[Attorney name] 
[LAW FIRM] 
[email]