--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper No. 78 
571-272-7822 
Date: September 8, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
MYLAN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., MSN LABORATORIES 
PRIVATE LTD. and MSN PHARMACEUTICALS INC., 
Petitioners, 
v. 
BAUSCH HEALTH IRELAND LIMITED, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2022-007221 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
 
 
Before TINA E. HULSE, CYNTHIA M. HARDMAN, and 
MICHAEL A. VALEK, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
VALEK, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
Granting-in-Part Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Denying Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) 
 
 
 
1 IPR2023-00016 has been joined with this proceeding. 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc. (“Mylan”) filed a Petition (Paper 1, 
“Pet.”), seeking inter partes review of claims 1–6 of U.S. Patent 
No. 7,041,786 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’786 patent”). We instituted trial on all of 
the grounds in the Petition. Paper 16, 32. 
Following institution, MSN Laboratories Private Ltd. and MSN 
Pharmaceuticals Inc. (collectively “MSN”) filed a substantially identical 
petition in IPR2023-00016. That proceeding was instituted and joined with 
this one. See Paper 25 (granting joinder). Herein, we refer to Mylan and 
MSN collectively as “Petitioner.”2 
Bausch Health Ireland Limited (“Patent Owner”) then filed a 
Response (Paper 70,3 “Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 38, “Reply”), 
and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 71, “Sur-reply”). We held a 
hearing on June 14, 2023, and a transcript is of record. Paper 75 (“Tr.”). In 
addition, both Parties have filed motions to exclude certain exhibits. Paper 
53 (“PO MTE”); Paper 67 (“Pet. MTE”). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and evidence, we find that 
Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
challenged claims of the ’786 patent are unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. 
§ 316(e). Moreover, as explained below, we grant Patent Owner’s motion to 
exclude in part and deny Petitioner’s motion to exclude. 
 
2 MSN has agreed to an “understudy role” in this proceeding. See 
IPR2023-00016, Paper 14. 
3 Portions of Patent Owner’s Response and Sur-reply were initially filed 
under seal. See Papers 28 and 51. Patent Owner has since filed unredacted 
versions that we refer to herein. See Paper 73 (Patent Owner agreeing to 
make these papers public). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
3 
II. 
BACKGROUND 
A. Real Parties in Interest 
In addition to itself, Mylan identifies the following real parties in 
interest (“RPI”): Mylan Inc. and Viatris Inc. See Paper 9, 2 (identifying 
these entities as parent companies); Paper 16, 31 (accepting Petitioner’s 
representation that these entities are RPI). MSN identifies MSN Laboratories 
Private Limited and MSN Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as RPI. IPR2023-00016, 
Paper 16, 2. Patent Owner identifies itself and Salix Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as 
RPI. Paper 4, 2. 
B. The ’786 Patent 
The ’786 patent issued on May 9, 2006, from a utility application filed 
on March 28, 2002, and claims priority to a provisional application filed on 
January 17, 2002. Ex. 1001, codes (22), (45), (60). 
The ’786 patent is titled “Guanylate Cyclase Receptor Agonists for 
the Treatment of Tissue Inflammation and Carcinogenesis.” Ex. 1001, code 
(54). According to the Specification, 
[t]he present invention relates to the therapeutic use of 
guanylate cyclase receptor agonists as a means for enhancing 
the intracellular production of cGMP. The agonists may be used 
either alone or in combination with inhibitors of cGMP-specific 
phosphodiesterase to prevent or treat cancerous, pre-cancerous 
and metastatic growths, particularly in the gastrointestinal tract 
and lungs. In addition, the agonists may be used in the 
treatment of inflammatory disorders such as ulcerative colitis 
and asthma. 
Id. at 1:14–23. 
The Specification explains that “[u]roguanylin, guanylin and bacterial 
ST [i.e., heat-stable enterotoxin] peptides are structurally related peptides 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
4 
that bind to a guanylate cyclase receptor and stimulate intracellular 
production of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP).” Ex. 1001, 1:26–
30. “This results in the activation of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane 
conductance regulator (CFTR),” which in turn “leads to stimulation of 
sodium and water secretion into the intestinal lumen.” Id. at 1:30–36. 
“Therefore, by serving as paracrine regulators of CFTR activity, cGMP 
receptor agonists,” such as uroguanylin, guanylin, and bacterial ST peptides, 
“regulate fluid and electrolyte transport in the GI tract.” Id. at 1:36–39. 
“The present invention is based upon the development of new agonists 
of guanylate cyclase receptor” that “are analogs of uroguanylin.” Ex. 1001, 
3:3–6. The Specification describes the sequence for its “most preferred” 
uroguanylin analog in SEQ ID NO:20, which is reproduced below. 
 
Id. at 5:7–12. SEQ ID NO:20 provides the primary structure of a 16-amino 
acid long peptide. The sequence in SEQ ID NO:20 differs from that of the 
“Parent compound: uroguanylin” (shown in SEQ ID NO: 1) in that it has a 
“Glu3,” i.e., a glutamic acid (Glu) at position 3 in the peptide sequence, 
whereas human uroguanylin has an “Asp3,” i.e., an aspartic acid (Asp) at 
that position.4 See id. at 11 (Table 2). This is the only difference between the 
 
4 Both parties use a superscript to denote the position of the residue in an 
amino acid sequence. See, e.g., Pet. 1, 38; Resp. 2 (referring to “Glu3” and 
“Asp3”). In addition to Glu, other synonyms for glutamic acid appearing in 
the record include “glutamate” and the letter “E” from the single-letter code 
for amino acids. In addition to Asp, other synonyms for aspartic acid include 
“aspartate” and the letter “D.” 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
5 
sequence in SEQ ID NO:20 and the naturally–occurring human uroguanylin 
sequence in SEQ ID NO:1. Id.; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 24–25. 
According to the Specification, the peptide of SEQ ID NO:20 
has been found to have enhanced biological activity as an 
agonist of cGMP production due to its enhanced binding 
constant for the guanylate cyclase receptor, and is superior to 
uroguanylin with regard to temperature and protease stability 
and with regard to its biological activity at the physiologically 
favorable pH range (pH 6 to 7) in the large intestine. 
Ex. 1001, 5:16–23. Table 4, reproduced below, shows data from a “T84 cell-
based assay for determining the intracellular levels of cGMP.” Id. at 15:35–
36. 
“As shown in Table 4, SP304 (SEQ ID NO:20) gave the greatest 
enhancement of intracellular cGMP of all the” peptides tested. Id. at 15:53–
58. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
6 
C. Challenged Claims 
The Petition challenges claims 1–6. Claims 1–3 and 6 are independent 
claims. They provide as follows: 
1. A peptide consisting of the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID 
NO:20. 
2. A composition in unit dose comprising a guanylate cyclase 
 
receptor agonist peptide consisting of the amino acid sequence 
 
of SEQ ID NO:20. 
3. A composition in unit dose form comprising: 
a) a guanylate cyclase receptor agonist peptide consisting 
of the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO: 20; and 
b) at least one compound selected from the group 
consisting of: a cGMP-dependent phosphodiesterase inhibitor, 
an anti-inflammatory agent, an antiviral agent and an anticancer 
agent. 
 
6. A peptide conjugate comprising polyethylene glycol (PEG) 
attached to a peptide consisting of the amino acid sequence 
SEQ ID NO:20. 
 
Ex. 1001, 37:1–12, 38:7–9. Claims 4 and 5 additionally limit the 
compositions of either claim 2 or 3 to a “dose form . . . selected from the 
group consisting of a tablet, a capsule, a solution and an inhalation 
formulation” (claim 4) and to further comprise “one or more excipients” 
(claim 5). Id. at 38:1–6. 
Claim 1 is directed to a peptide with the sequence of SEQ ID NO:20. 
The parties’ papers and exhibits refer to this peptide by several names, 
including [Glu3]-human uroguanylin, [Glu3]-UG, plecanatide, and SP-304. 
See, e.g., Pet. 5 (noting that Patent Owner “markets [Glu3]-human 
uroguanylin as TRULANCE® (plecanatide)”); Resp. 1; Ex. 1001, 10:42–63 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
7 
(referring to the Glu3-substituted analog of human uroguanylin as SP304). 
Plecanatide “is the active pharmaceutical ingredient in Trulance®, which is 
FDA-approved for the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation . . . and 
irritable bowel syndrome with constipation.” Resp. 1; see also Pet. 5. 
(similar); Ex. 1055 (prescribing information for “TRULANCE (plecanatide) 
tablets”). 
D. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioners assert the following grounds of unpatentability: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §5 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
103(a) 
Currie6, Li7 
2, 4, 5 
103(a) 
Currie, Li, Narayani8 
3–5 
103(a) 
Currie, Li, Narayani, Campieri9 
6 
103(a) 
Currie, Li, Ekwuribe10 
 
In support of these grounds, Petitioner relies on declarations from 
Blake R. Peterson, Ph.D. submitted with the Petition (Ex. 1002) and Reply 
(Ex. 1063) and a declaration from Michael S. Epstein, M.D. (Ex. 1064). 
 
5 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 Stat. 284 
(2011) (“AIA”), included revisions to 35 U.S.C. § 103 that became effective 
after the filing of the application that led to the ’786 patent. Therefore, we 
apply the pre-AIA version of 35 U.S.C. § 103. 
6 U.S. Pat. 5,489,670, issued Feb. 6, 1996 (Ex. 1005) (“Currie”). 
7 Z. Li et al., Purification, cDNA Sequence, and Tissue Distribution of Rat 
Uroguanylin, 68 Regulatory Peptides 45–56 (1997) (Ex. 1006) (“Li”). 
8 R. Narayani et al., Polymer-coated Gelatin Capsules as Oral Delivery 
Devices and their Gastrointestinal Tract Behavior in Humans, 7 J. 
Biomater. Sci. Polymer Edn. 39–48 (1995) (Ex. 1007) (“Narayani”). 
9 M. Campieri et al., Oral Budesonide is as Effective as Oral Prednisolone 
in Active Crohn’s Disease, 41 Gut 209–214 (1997) (Ex. 1008) (“Campieri”). 
10 U.S. Pat. 5,359,030, issued Oct. 25, 1994 (Ex. 1009) (“Ekwruibe”). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
8 
Patent Owner relies on declarations from Kunwar Shailubhai (Ex. 2023, 
Ex. 2066), Stephen G. Davies (Ex. 2024), and Scott A. Waldman (Ex. 2025). 
III. 
ANALYSIS OF THE ASSERTED GROUNDS 
A. Legal Standards 
Under pre-AIA § 103(a), a claim is unpatentable for obviousness if, to 
one of ordinary skill in the pertinent art, “the differences between the subject 
matter sought to be patented and the prior art are such that the subject matter 
as a whole would have been obvious at the time the invention was made.” 
35 U.S.C. § 103(a) (2006); see also KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 
398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of 
underlying factual determinations including (1) the scope and content of the 
prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the 
prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) when in evidence, 
objective evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 
1, 17–18 (1966). 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
 
Relying on the testimony of its declarant, Dr. Peterson, Petitioner 
contends that as of January 17, 2002: 
A skilled artisan would have been familiar with signaling 
peptides and their biochemistry, as the accompanying exhibits 
prove. The specification admits an artisan would also have 
known how to choose and prepare various dosage forms when 
it notes the use of known alternatives without further guidance 
on when and how to use them. A Ph.D. in peptide chemistry, 
protein engineering, or a related field, or alternatively, a 
master’s degree in one of these fields plus two to five years of 
experience in drug development would represent typical 
education and experience for a skilled artisan. EX1002, 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
9 
¶¶40-43. This individual would have worked in consultation 
with a team including, e.g., a pharmaceutical chemist and/or a 
pharmacist familiar with formulating peptides for 
administration. 
Pet. 13. 
 
Patent Owner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
(“POSA”) 
would have a B.S. degree in chemistry or a related field and 2-5 
years of experience in drug development that could include 
experience with peptide chemistry and/or peptide engineering. 
The POSA could also include individuals having a master’s 
degree or Ph.D. in chemistry or a related field with 
comparatively less experience in drug development involving 
peptide chemistry and/or peptide engineering. The POSA could 
have worked in consultation with individuals with knowledge 
and experience with the target drug receptor and of the disease 
condition to be treated. In particular, this team could include a 
clinical pharmacologist with experience with the target drug 
receptor (here, GCC receptors) or a medical doctor with 
experience in treating GI disorders, who may also have 
experience designing and running clinical trials, or a 
pharmaceutical formulator. 
Resp. 25–26 (citing Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 30–32). However, Patent Owner’s 
expert states his analysis and conclusion would be the same under 
Petitioner’s definition of a POSA. Ex. 2024 ¶ 32. 
 
The parties’ descriptions of a POSA are substantially similar. 
Indeed, neither side identifies any meaningful distinction between the 
two. Because we find Petitioner’s description of the level of ordinary 
skill in the art to be sufficiently supported by the record, we apply it 
for our analysis. That said, if we applied Patent Owner’s description, 
all of our findings and conclusions would be the same. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
10 
C. Claim Construction 
Petitioner asserts that “[t]he claim terms do not require construction to 
apply the grounds.” Pet. 14. Patent Owner does not respond to this 
contention, or otherwise address claim construction in its Response. 
Accordingly, neither party has identified any claim term for construction. 
We agree that no formal claim construction is necessary for purposes 
of our Decision. See Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad OceanMotor 
Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (explaining that it is only 
necessary to “construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and only to the extent 
necessary to resolve the controversy’” (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. 
& Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
D. Overview of the Cited References 
i. 
Currie 
 
Currie is a United States Patent that was issued on February 6, 1996. 
Ex. 1005, code (45). Petitioner contends, and Patent Owner does not dispute, 
that Currie qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Pet. 22. 
Currie describes human uroguanylin. Ex. 1005, 1:47–63. Currie 
discloses the amino acid sequence for human uroguanylin in SEQ ID NO:1, 
which is reproduced below. 
 
Id. at 1:50–55. The peptide shown in SEQ ID NO:1 of Currie is 16 amino 
acids long and has an Asp3. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
11 
 
Currie teaches that human uroguanylin “is an endogenous stimulator 
of intestinal guanylate cyclase” and “has been found to stimulate increases in 
cyclic GMP levels in a manner similar to guanylin and the STs.”11 Ex. 1005, 
2:6–8. Currie describes tests in which human uroguanylin “caused a 
concentration-dependent increase in T84 cell cyclic GMP” and “appeared to 
be more potent than human guanylin, but less potent than ST.” Id. at 6:11–
14, Fig. 3A.12 Currie also describes the results of a “competitive binding 
assay” showing “ST and human uroguanylin had similar affinities for the 
receptors on T84 cells and human guanylin had a much lower affinity.” Id. at 
6:16–19, Fig. 3B. According to Currie these and other results described 
therein, suggest “human uroguanylin may . . . act as a laxative and be useful 
in patients suffering from constipation, e.g., cystic fibrosis patients who 
suffer severe intestinal complications from constipation.” Id. at 2:20–24. 
ii. 
Li 
Li is an article from a scientific journal bearing a 1997 publication 
date. Ex. 1006, 45. Petitioner contends, and Patent Owner does not dispute, 
that Li qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Pet. 24. 
Li describes the amino acid sequence for rat uroguanylin, explaining it 
has “high homology with uroguanylin” from humans and opossum 
uroguanylin. Ex. 1006, Abstr. Figure 6a of Li, reproduced below, is a 
 
11 Currie explains that “STs” are a “family of heat stable enterotoxins” 
produced by E. coli and other bacteria “that activate intestinal guanylate 
cyclase” and “cause secretory diarrhea.” Ex. 1005, 1:31–39. 
12 Although it refers to “Fig. 4a” and “Fig. 4b,” the results Currie describes 
appear to be those shown in Figures 3A and 3B. Compare Ex. 1005, 6:11–
22, with id. at Figs. 3A–B. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
12 
sequence alignment comparing the amino acid sequences of uroguanylins, 
guanylins and ST from different species. 
 
Id. at 52. Figure 6a shows the sequence for rat uroguanylin (first row) 
aligned with the sequences for opossum uroguanylin (second row) and 
human uroguanylin (third row), with shading added to indicate “amino acid 
identities” (i.e., positions where the sequences have the same amino acid). 
Id. The alignment in Figure 6a shows that human and opossum uroguanylin 
have an aspartic acid (D) residue at position 3 in those sequences, whereas 
rat uroguanylin has a glutamic acid (E) at the corresponding position. Figure 
6a also depicts “stippled arrowheads,” i.e., gray triangles, above the residues 
at positions 2 and 3 and a “solid arrowhead,” i.e., a black triangle, above the 
residue at position 9. See id. at 54 (left column). Li explains that these 
“arrowheads denote structural features described in the text.” 
 
Li teaches that 
 
[t]he affinity of GCC [i.e., guanylate cyclase type C 
receptor] for uroguanylin (opossum or human) is about 10-fold 
higher than its affinity for guanylin (rat or human). Thus, 
features that are found in uroguanylin, but not in guanylin, offer 
information about structural elements that specify the strength 
of the ligand/receptor interaction. Of particular interest are two 
residues that are basic or uncharged in guanylin but acidic in 
uroguanylin (stippled arrowheads), and one residue that 
contains an aromatic ring in guanylin but an acidic amide in 
uroguanylin (solid arrowhead). 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
13 
Ex. 1006, 54 (left column). Li explains that rat uroguanylin “follows the 
consensus sequence of uroguanylin rather than that of guanylin” “[a]t all 
three positions” denoted by the arrowheads in Figure 6a “and thus we would 
expect its affinity to be comparable to that of opossum or human 
uroguanylin.” Id. 
iii. 
Narayani 
Narayani is an article from a scientific journal bearing a 1995 
publication date. Ex. 1007, 39. Petitioner contends, and Patent Owner does 
not dispute, that Narayani qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). 
Pet. 26. 
Narayani describes tests of polymer-coated gelatin capsules. Ex. 1007, 
Abstr. Narayani explains that 
[g]elatin capsules were coated with various concentrations of 
sodium alginate and cross-linked with appropriate 
concentrations of calcium chloride and tested in vitro for 
resistance to gastric and intestinal medium. Gelatin capsules 
coated with 20% w/v of the polymer which gave the most 
promising result in vitro were evaluated in human volunteers 
for their in vivo gastro intestinal tract behavior. 
Id. Narayani teaches that “the alginate coated gelatin capsules remained 
intact as long as they were retained in the stomach (up to 3 h) and then 
migrated to the ileocecal region of the intestine and disintegrated.” Id. 
According to Narayani, 
[t]he results of this study clearly suggested that alginate-coated 
gelatin capsules are safe candidates as oral delivery devices to 
carry microspheres containing bioactive peptides and proteins 
and dump them selectively in the large intestine where 
therapeutic action or drug absorption is desired. The 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
14 
polymer-coated gelatin capsules will facilitate the routine use of 
the oral route of drug delivery for protein and peptide drugs. 
Id. at 47. 
iv. 
Campieri 
Campieri is an article from a scientific journal bearing a 1997 
publication date. Ex. 1008, 209. Petitioner contends, and Patent Owner does 
not dispute, that Campieri qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). 
Pet. 27. 
Campieri describes a clinical study involving the oral administration 
of certain steroids, i.e., prednisolone and budesonide, to treat Crohn’s 
disease. Ex. 1008, Abstr. Campieri teaches that budesonide in “controlled 
ileal release (CIR) capsules . . . administered at 9 mg once daily or 4.5 mg 
twice daily, is comparable to prednisolone in inducing remission in active 
Crohn’s disease.” Id. 
v. 
Ekwuribe 
Ekwuribe is a United States Patent that issued on October 25, 1994. 
Ex. 1009, code (45). Petitioner contends, and Patent Owner does not dispute, 
that Ekwuribe qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Pet. 28. 
Ekwuribe discloses “[a] stabilized conjugated peptide complex 
comprising a peptide conjugatively coupled to a polymer including 
lipophilic and hydrophilic moieties.” Ex. 1009, Abstr. Ekwuribe discloses 
examples that incorporate polyethylene glycol (PEG) into the polymer. See 
id. at 13:4–52. Ekwuribe teaches that “[t]he presence of these PEG residues 
will impart hydrophilic properties to the polymer and to the corresponding 
polymer-peptide conjugates.” Id. at 12:41–43; 14:50–55. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
15 
E. Ground 1: Obviousness over Currie and Li 
 
Petitioner contends that claim 1 would have been obvious over the 
combination of Currie and Li. See Pet. 32–39. More specifically, Petitioner 
contends that Currie discloses the amino acid sequence for human 
uroguanylin, which differs from the claimed SEQ ID. NO:20 in only respect. 
That is, in the human uroguanylin sequence there is an aspartic acid residue 
at position 3 (“Asp3”), whereas SEQ ID NO:20 has a glutamic acid residue at 
positions 3 (“Glu3”). Petitioner contends that it would have been obvious to 
modify uroguanylin by substituting glutamic acid for the aspartic acid at 
position 3 (i.e., “the Glu3 substitution”), thereby resulting in the peptide of 
claim 1. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the only difference between the 
uroguanylin sequence disclosed in Currie and the peptide of claim 1 is that 
uroguanylin has an Asp3, whereas the recited peptide has a Glu3. Rather, 
Patent Owner argues that it would not have been obvious to modify Currie’s 
uroguanylin sequence as Petitioner contends. See Resp. 26–66. 
The parties’ disputes are focused on three issues: (1) whether it would 
have been obvious to select uroguanylin as a lead compound for 
modification; (2) assuming uroguanylin was selected as a lead, whether it 
would have been obvious to make the Glu3 substitution; and (3) Patent 
Owner’s unexpected results showing, which it offers as objective evidence 
of the alleged non-obviousness of the recited peptide. We address each of 
these issues below before reaching an ultimate conclusion on obviousness. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
16 
i. 
Whether a POSA would have had a reason to select human 
uroguanylin as a lead compound 
 
Petitioner contends that a POSA would have recognized uroguanylin 
“as a good candidate for oral administration for delivery to the intestines to 
treat constipation” and therefore selected it as a lead compound for further 
modification. See Pet. 19 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 59–61, 82–86, 89–93, 107). 
Patent Owner responds to Petitioner’s contentions, arguing that “a 
POSA would not have selected human uroguanylin as a lead compound over 
heat-stable enterotoxins.” Resp. 29. Patent Owner explains that “[h]eat 
stable enterotoxins (STs) are secretory peptides produced by some bacterial 
strains, such as enterotoxigenic E. coli.” Id. at 13. According to Patent 
Owner, STs were known to be more stable than other GCC agonist peptides 
and “exhibited a potency and binding affinity that surpassed uroguanylin and 
guanylin in the acidic and alkaline pHs of both the small and large 
intestines.” Id. at 14. 
In addition, Patent Owner asserts that “human uroguanylin was 
plagued by isomeric instability,” i.e., it “was known to have two topological 
interconverting isomers: Isomer A, which was known to be biologically 
active, and Isomer B, which was known to be biologically inactive.” Resp. 
29 (citing Ex. 2011, 27; Ex. 2020, 223). According to Patent Owner, 
[b]ecause of human uroguanylin’s known 
interconversion/topoisomerism dilemma and its attendant 
problems with manufacture, formulation, storage and in vivo 
unpredictability, a POSA would not have selected human 
uroguanylin as a lead compound. Instead . . . the heat-stable 
enterotoxins would have been a far more promising option, for 
they were not afflicted with topoisomerism, were more 
biologically effective, and were pH-independent, giving them 
greater versatility throughout the small intestine and colon. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
17 
Id. at 32–33. 
Petitioner disputes Patent Owner’s arguments against the selection of 
human uroguanylin as a lead compound for developing synthetic analogues. 
See Reply 4–11. According to Petitioner, “[u]roguanylin’s known properties 
were very promising for synthesizing an analogue” and “Currie 
acknowledged enterotoxins’ higher potency yet identified uroguanylin as a 
very promising lead compound for further modification.” Id. at 4–5 (citing 
Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 10–12). Petitioner contends that a POSA would have 
understood that “maximizing potency beyond uroguanylin was not 
necessarily desirable” because “replicating enterotoxin’s potency and lack of 
pH sensitivity might cause severe diarrhea and even death.” Id. at 6–7 (citing 
Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 16–18; Ex. 1064 ¶¶ 42–46; Ex. 1062, 62:5–64:13, 76:13–79:20; 
Ex. 1071). 
Petitioner also asserts that topoisomerism would not have led a POSA 
away from selecting uroguanylin as a lead compound. See Reply 7–11. 
According to Petitioner, uroguanylin was known to freely covert between 
topoisomers at acidic pH of 4.5, but a POSA “would have expected oral 
uroguanylin not to be exposed to this low pH for over an hour, with no more 
than 1% interconversion” and therefore “[u]roguanylin was known as stable 
and effective in vivo after oral administration.” Id. at 7 (citing Ex. 1063 ¶ 27; 
Ex. 1018, G641–G642; Ex. 2021, 2:28–3:1). Moreover, Petitioner asserts 
that Patent Owner’s arguments about potential purification and storage 
problems are overstated because “purifying topoisomers was 
straightforward” and “administering pharmaceuticals as mixtures of 
interconverting active and inactive forms was common, e.g., racemic drugs 
like ibuprofen.” Id. at 8–10 (citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 34, 40, 42). 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
18 
In its Sur-reply, Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s evidence that 
uroguanylin would only be expected to spend an hour exposed to pH 4.5 in 
vivo because it is based “on gastrointestinal pHs and transit times in healthy 
patients, not constipated patients.” Sur-reply 3. According to Patent Owner, 
“Petitioner also downplays the difficulties with purifying, formulating, and 
storing human uroguanylin––difficulties a POSA would have considered 
when selecting a lead compound.” Id. at 4–5. Thus, Patent Owner contends 
that uroguanylin’s “topoisomeric instability” and “inferior potency” 
presented unnecessary challenges, which a POSA would have avoided by 
instead selecting a heat-stable enterotoxin as a lead compound. See id. 2–3. 
We find that Petitioner has the better argument on this issue. As 
Petitioner points out, it “need only identify ‘some reason’ that would have 
sufficed for a chemist to modify” human uroguanylin. Reply 3 (quoting 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Teva Pharms. USA, Inc., 752 F.3d 967, 973 
(Fed. Cir. 2014)); see also Otsuka Pharm. Co. v. Sandoz, Inc., 678 F.3d 
1280, 1292 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (“In determining whether a chemist would have 
selected a prior art compound as a lead, the analysis is guided by evidence of 
the compound’s pertinent properties.”). 
Here, Currie itself provides that reasoning. Currie specifically 
identifies uroguanylin as a potential “laxative” that may “be useful in 
patients suffering from constipation, e.g. cystic fibrosis patients who suffer 
with severe intestinal complications from constipation.” Ex. 1005, 2:20–24. 
Currie also teaches that STs affect the same biological pathway, but are 
derived from pathogenic bacteria and are dangerous. Id. at 1:30–44. Thus, 
Currie’s teachings and data showing that uroguanylin exhibits activity that is 
intermediate between the higher activity associated with STs and the lower 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
19 
activity associated with guanylin (see, e.g., id. at Figs. 3A–B) support 
Dr. Peterson’s testimony that a POSA would have recognized uroguanylin as 
a candidate for “treating constipation using a more controlled version” of the 
same pathway targeted by STs. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 59–60. This evidence is 
sufficient to show that a POSA would have been motivated to select human 
uroguanylin as a lead compound. 
Patent Owner’s evidence that topoisomerism was a known concern 
with human uroguanylin does not negate Petitioner’s rationale for selecting 
uroguanylin as a lead compound. See Resp. 29–32 (citing Ex. 2010, 236; Ex. 
2011, 27, 30; Ex. 2020, 223; Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 49–60, 127–34). Rather, it 
suggests that isomeric instability was a challenge, but not one that would 
discourage further investigation of uroguanylin analogues. In this regard, we 
credit the testimony of Petitioner’s declarants that a POSA would have 
understood that the negative effects caused by in vivo interconversion could 
be mitigated by using known techniques, e.g., formulating a tablet to target 
release in the higher pH environment of the intestines as opposed to the 
lower pH environment of the stomach. See Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 24–29; Ex. 1064 
¶¶ 24–32 (explaining, inter alia, that the “GCC receptor that uroguanylin 
activates is concentrated in the proximal small intestines,” an “enteric 
coating” can be used to “protect[] the tablet from the stomach fluids,” and 
that “if exposure to prolonged acidic conditions were a concern there were 
routine approaches” that could be taken to address such). 
Finally, Patent Owner’s argument that STs would have been viewed 
as a better choice for a lead compound does not overcome Petitioner’s 
showing that human uroguanylin would also have been a “natural choice for 
further development efforts.” See Bristol-Myers, 752 F.3d at 973 (quoting 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
20 
Altana Pharma AG v. Teva Pharms. USA, Inc., 566 F.3d 999, 1008 (Fed. 
Cir. 2009)). The Federal Circuit has cautioned that it would be overly 
restrictive to view the “lead compound test” to require “that the prior art 
must point to only a single lead compound for further development.” Altana, 
566 F.3d at 1008. Here, Petitioner articulates reasoning supported by 
evidence to explain why a POSA would have selected uroguanylin for 
further development in view of both its advantages and disadvantages 
relative to STs. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 59–61, 89–90; Ex. 1005, 1:30–44, 2:20–24; 
Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 16–21. We find Petitioner’s showing sufficient to meet its 
burden even if a POSA might also have viewed STs as another class of 
promising lead compounds. 
ii. 
Whether it would have been obvious to make the Glu3 substitution 
Petitioner argues that it would have been obvious to make the Glu3 
substitution to human uroguanylin. More specifically, Petitioner, relying on 
testimony from Dr. Peterson, asserts that: (1) aspartic acid and glutamic 
acid are structurally similar such that substituting glutamic acid for aspartic 
acid would have been regarded as a “conservative substitution,” which was a 
“primary strategy employed by protein engineers” (Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 73–75); 
(2) Li teaches that the presence of an acidic residue at position 3 in human 
uroguanylin is of “particular interest” to the ligand/receptor interaction and 
its sequence alignment shows that rat uroguanylin has a glutamic acid at the 
corresponding position, both of which would suggest substituting glutamic 
acid for the Asp3 in human uroguanylin (id. ¶¶ 137–152); (3) a POSA would 
have expected that the peptide resulting from this substitution “would be 
comparably more protonated than native human uroguanylin . . . in the large 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
21 
intestine and intestinal mucosa” and therefore it would have been reasonably 
expected to have “improved activity” as compared to the native human 
uroguanylin (id. ¶¶ 165–170); and (4) a POSA would have understood that 
another benefit of this substitution would be that it eliminates known sources 
of aspartimide formation during synthesis (id. ¶¶ 175–179). See Pet. 34–39. 
Patent Owner argues that “a POSA would not have substituted Asp3 
with Glu3 with a reasonable expectation of success” because nothing in the 
art suggested that doing so would have addressed uroguanylin’s 
interconversion issue or improved its activity. Resp. 38. Patent Owner 
asserts that “[i]f anything, a POSA would have inserted a third disulfide 
bridge,” i.e., made a different modification to the peptide,13 because “it was 
known from the heat-stable enterotoxins that the third disulfide bridge made 
them more conformationally rigid and stable (preventing their 
interconversion) and also beneficially led to a ‘more efficient interaction 
with the receptor’ and ultimately their higher potencies.” Id. at 39 (quoting 
Ex. 2010, 230, 235; Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 145–146). 
Patent Owner also disputes Petitioner’s argument that a POSA would 
have been motivated to make the Glu3 substitution because it is a 
“conservative substitution.” See Resp. 41–51. According to Patent Owner, 
Petitioner’s conservative substitution rationale “runs contrary to the lead 
 
13 Disulfide bridges are formed between cysteine residues. For example, 
SEQ ID NO: 20 in the Specification shows a first disulfide linkage (denoted 
by an “*”) between the cysteines at positions 4 and 12 and a second disulfide 
linkage between the cysteines at positions 7 and 15 (denoted by an “**”). 
Ex. 1001, 5:6–16; Ex. 1002 ¶ 23. Therefore, adding a third disulfide bridge 
would involve modifications to add cysteine residues rather than a Glu3 
substitution. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
22 
compound analysis,” which requires an expectation that the lead compound 
could be modified “to improve upon its activity.” Id. at 41–42 (internal 
quotations omitted). Instead, urges Patent Owner, “[i]t was understood that a 
conservation substitution ‘of an amino acid with another amino acid with 
similar physicochemical properties will not influence the stability and 
function of the protein.’” Id. at 43 (quoting Ex. 2035, 397). Patent Owner 
points to Jonson (Ex. 2035), which was “published shortly before 2002 [and] 
stated that ‘very different spatial preferences were found for glutamic acid 
and aspartic acid’” and “‘[t]he common belief that a glutamic acid to 
aspartic acid mutation is conservative is contrary to the observations 
shown.’” Id. (quoting Ex. 2035, 397, 400). Patent Owner also cites 
references it contends show the importance of Asp3 to human uroguanylin’s 
activity to suggest that a POSA would not have been motivated to make a 
change to that residue. See id. at 49–51 (citing Ex. 1021; Ex. 2020; Ex. 
2021; Ex. 2041). 
Patent Owner further contends “Petitioner reads more into Li than the 
POSA would have objectively understood Li to convey” because Li is 
directed primarily to rat uroguanylin. Resp. 46 (citing Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 160–165). 
According to Patent Owner, “[a] POSA would not have looked to rat 
uroguanylin to improve upon human uroguanylin” because “Li’s 
experimental data demonstrated that rat uroguanylin (fraction 16 in Fig. 3) 
was less active than all other GCC agonists tested” and rat uroguanylin was 
“know to suffer from topoisomerism to an even greater extent than human 
uroguanylin.” Id. at 47 (citing Ex. 1006, 49 (Fig. 3); Ex. 2011, 30). 
Moreover, Patent Owner argues that “the affinities of uroguanylin and 
guanylin were known to depend strongly on pH, with uroguanylin showing 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
23 
increased affinity at acidic pH and guanylin demonstrating increased affinity 
at alkaline pH.” Id. at 48 (citing Ex. 1021, 2075). According to Patent 
Owner, a POSA with the “motivational objective” of treating constipation 
“would not have read Li and looked to modify human uroguanylin with rat 
uroguanylin but, if anything, would have looked to either the heat-stable 
enterotoxins or guanylin.” Id. at 49 (citing Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 165, 188–192). 
Turning to the Petitioner’s other arguments for making the Glu3 
substitution, Patent Owner asserts that the argument that a Glu3 substitution 
would have been expected to result in a peptide with better activity because 
glutamic acid has a higher pKa than aspartic acid is “fundamentally flawed.” 
Resp. 52. According to Patent Owner, “Petitioner and Dr. Peterson rely 
exclusively on the pKa values for the side-chain groups of Asp and Glu as 
free amino acids” even though “Dr. Peterson admitted, ‘it’s not accurate to 
compare a free amino acid pKa necessarily with a peptide amino acid pKa.’” 
Id. (quoting Ex. 2026, 101:15–102:2). Patent Owner argues “[t]he prior art 
establishes that Asp could actually deprotonate at a higher pH” than Glu 
depending on its interactions with “the surrounding amino acids in the 
peptide chain” and “environmental milieu,” undermining this aspect of 
Petitioner’s rationale for making the Glu3 substitution. Id. at 53–54 (citing 
Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 182–186; Ex. 2045, 37 (Table 1)). 
Moreover, Patent Owner argues that the additional benefit of avoiding 
aspartimide formation during synthesis would not have motivated a POSA to 
make the Glu3 substitution because “such an assertion . . . would result in the 
categorical nonuse of Asp in peptide development––an absurd result.” 
Resp. 56. Patent Owner urges that “Dr. Peterson testified that the prior art 
reported aspartimide formation ‘for glycine and asparagine,’ which are 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
24 
amino acids in human uroguanylin that Dr. Peterson does not believe should 
be replaced.” Id. (quoting Ex. 2026, 119:14–121:3). Therefore, according to 
Patent Owner, a “POSA would not have been motivated to substitute an 
amino acid residue to avoid a source of aspartimide, which could be easily 
avoided with protecting groups or removed through purification.” Id. at 57. 
Petitioner replies to Patent Owner’s argument that a POSA would 
have been motivated to add a third disulfide bridge, noting that “even if 
another modification was also obvious, a POSA had a good reason to make 
[Glu3]-uroguanylin.” Reply 13 (citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 50, 55). Moreover, 
Petitioner asserts that “Marx observed . . . the ionizable side chains of Asp2, 
Asp3, and Glu5” in uroguanylin “‘may be involved in the control of 
stabilization of the two [topo]isomers.’” Id. at 13 (quoting Ex. 2010, 236, 
238). Thus, according to Petitioner, “[a] POSA considering topoisomeric 
conversion . . . had additional reason for the [Glu3]-substitution, an ionizable 
side-chain modification at position 3.” Id. at 14. 
Petitioner replies to Patent Owner’s citation to Jonson, urging that it 
“found an exception in a different peptide to the ‘common belief that a Glu 
to Asp mutation is conservative’ because side-chain length mattered for 
tryptophan” which is not present in uroguanylin. Reply. 15 (citing Ex. 2035, 
400). According to Petitioner, “Jonson confirms replacing Asp with Glu 
generally retains a peptide’s activity, with the correlation being ‘particularly’ 
true for ‘charged residues’ like Asp and Glu.” Id. at 15–16 (quoting 
Ex. 2035, 401, Fig. 4). 
Regarding Patent Owner’s other citations purporting to show the 
importance of Asp3 to uroguanylin’s activity, Petitioner explains that 
“deleting Asp3 is not the same as substituting Glu3.” See id. at 16–17 (citing 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
25 
Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 90–91). According to Petitioner, Li and other prior art taught 
“only that all uroguanylin peptides have aspartate or glutamate residues at 
these positions and these acidic residues should not be deleted.” Id. at 17 
(internal quotations omitted); see also id. at 19 (explaining that while 
Ex. 2021 identifies Asp2 and Asp3 as “highly conserved,” the authors did not 
mark those residues in italics as they did with other residues they “believe[d] 
are essential for activity”). 
Petitioner also contends that Patent Owner “is wrong to say Li teaches 
rat uroguanylin was less potent because of the Glu3-substitution.” Reply 17. 
According to Petitioner, “[t]he experiments in Li Fig. 3” that Patent Owner 
relies upon “are not designed to, and do not, determine that rat uroguanylin 
is less potent” because the rat uroguanylin in fraction 16 was “extracted 
from rat intestines” and compared to synthetic standards for other peptides 
“merely to illustrate that preincubation provided no activity benefit––similar 
to fraction 16.” Id. at 18 (citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 79–87). Thus, urges Petitioner, 
“Li does not even use identical amounts in each assay and provided no 
opportunity to compare the different peptides’ potency.” Id. (citing Ex. 1063 
¶¶ 86–87). 
Petitioner replies to Patent Owner’s evidence that the R group pKa of 
free amino acids is different from their pKa in the peptide, urging that 
evidence “relate[s] to residues buried inside a peptide” that “are not 
analogous to the Asp3 or Glu3 pKas in plecanatide,” which “were known to 
be not buried.” Reply 20 (citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 101–103; Ex. 2043, 2; Ex. 
2044, 567–570 (Table 1); Ex. 2045, 34–35, 37 (Table 1)). According to 
Petitioner, “Dr. Peterson never argued pKa values would be identical in the 
peptide chain,” but rather that “the relative difference between the pKas of 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
26 
the two amino acids in the peptide at the solvent-exposed, unburied position 
3 of uroguanylin would be very similar to the difference in the free amino 
acids” and that this difference would have motivated a POSA to make a Glu3 
substitution. See id. (citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 98–100, 104; Ex. 2026, 100:3–13). 
Regarding the motivation to avoid aspartimide formation, Petitioner 
replies that “the problem is pairing (e.g., of aspartate or cysteine) on an 
aspartate’s amino end, not these residues’ mere existence.” Reply 21 (citing 
Ex. 1063 ¶ 111). According to Petitioner, Patent Owner’s argument that 
“aspartimide impurities might be removed through purification or reduced 
using additional protecting groups . . . cannot teach away from an otherwise-
favorable substitution” that would have avoided this undesirable pairing of 
residues. See id. at 21–22 (citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 112–113; Ex. 1024, Abstr., 
202 (Table 2); Ex. 1022, 64; Ex. 1023, 107, 111). 
In its Sur-reply, Patent Owner generally disputes Petitioner’s 
contentions above, continuing to urge that “a POSA would not have been 
motivated to make the ‘specific molecular modifications’ to human 
uroguanylin with a reasonable expectation of achieving plecanatide.” See 
Sur-reply 9–18 (quoting Takeda Chem. Indus., Ltd. v. Alphapharm Pty., 
Ltd., 492 F.3d 1350, 1356–57 (Fed. Cir. 2007)). 
Upon considering the parties’ arguments and evidence, we find that 
Petitioner’s conservative substitution rationale demonstrates a motivation to 
make the Glu3 substitution to human uroguanylin with a reasonable 
expectation of success. We are not, however, persuaded by the other 
rationales, i.e., Petitioner’s pKa, aspartimide formation, and topoisomerism 
arguments, Petitioner contends would have motivated that modification. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
27 
Petitioner posits that it would have been obvious to make the Glu3 
substitution because it was a “conservative substitution,” i.e., a single 
substitution of one acidic residue (Asp) for the only other residue with a 
carboxylic acid in its side chain (Glu) based on Li’s teaching that the 
presence of certain acidic residues in uroguanylin, as opposed to the basic or 
uncharged residues found at the corresponding positions in guanylin, is “[o]f 
particular interest.” Pet. 34 (quoting Ex. 1006, 54) (emphasis omitted). Li 
supports that rationale. More specifically, it teaches that uroguanylin has a 
“10-fold higher” affinity for GCC than guanylin and therefore the “features 
that are found in uroguanylin, but not in guanylin, offer information about 
structural elements that specify the strength of the ligand/receptor 
interaction.” Ex. 1006, 54. Li identifies those elements by marking them 
with arrowheads in Figure 6a below. Id. at 52. 
 
Figure 6a is a sequence alignment of different guanylin, uroguanylin and ST 
peptides with the amino acid sequence for human uroguanylin in the third 
row from the top. Id. Figure 6a includes “stippled arrowheads” marking two 
positions in the alignment, which correspond to the Asp (D) residues at 
positions 2 and 3 in human uroguanylin.14 Id. at 54. The rat and opossum 
uroguanylin sequences have either an Asp or Glu (E) at the corresponding 
 
14 Figure 6a also includes an arrowhead over the residue (N) at position 9 in 
human uroguanylin, thereby identifying it as another position of interest. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
28 
positions. Id. at 52. Li teaches that the fact that these residues are “acidic” 
(i.e., either Asp or Glu) in all of the uroguanylin sequences is one of the 
features that specifies uroguanylin’s higher affinity for GCC. Id. at 54. Thus, 
Li both highlights position 3 in human uroguanylin as one of three positions 
of interest and suggests that if a change were made there it should be the 
substitution of another acidic residue, i.e., the Glu3 substitution. In addition, 
Li evidences that a POSA would have reasonably expected that the Glu3 
substitution could be successfully tolerated because rat uroguanylin already 
has a Glu at the corresponding position and is “expect[ed]” to have affinity 
“comparable to that of opossum or human uroguanylin.” Id. 
We disagree with Patent Owner’s argument that the data in Figure 3 
of Li would have suggested that rat uroguanylin was less potent than 
uroguanylins from other species. According to Patent Owner, fraction 16 in 
Li’s Figure 3 is rat uroguanylin. Resp. 47 (citing Ex. 1006, 49, Fig. 3). 
Fraction 16, as well as the other peptide-containing fractions in Figure 3, 
were isolated from rat intestines, whereas the data for guanylin, uroguanylin, 
and STa in that figure comes from testing of synthetic standards. See Ex. 
1006, 46 (describing preparation of fractions from rat intestines), 49 (Fig. 3 
caption describing data for “synthetic” guanylin and uroguanylin), 50–51; 
Ex. 1060, 167:12–168:8; Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 84–85. Dr. Peterson persuasively 
testifies that a POSA would not have compared data from an isolated peptide 
with a synthetic standard to assess their relative activity. Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 81–82, 
85–86; see also Ex. 1060, 144:8–20 (Dr. Davies acknowledging on cross-
examination that one would not use a synthetic standard in such an assay). 
We also credit Dr. Peterson’s testimony that there is no way to know 
whether fraction 16 contained a comparable amount of peptide to the 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
29 
synthetic standards tested in Figure 3 and therefore the data there do not 
show that fraction 16 was more or less potent than opossum or human 
uroguanylin. Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 87, 89. Indeed, Patent Owner’s argument that the 
data in Figure 3 show that rat uroguanylin is less potent is expressly 
contradicted by Li’s other teachings. That is, Li’s authors stated that they 
“expect [rat uroguanylin’s] affinity to be comparable to that of opossum or 
human uroguanylin” and that “[d]ose/response curves with synthetic rat 
peptide will be required to test this idea directly.” Ex. 1006, 54. Thus, we 
find Dr. Peterson’s testimony above more credible than the competing 
testimony of Dr. Davies (see Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 79, 164) on this point. 
While Li does not suggest that rat uroguanylin is less potent than 
uroguanylins from other species, there is also nothing in the record that 
suggests a POSA would have expected rat uroguanylin to have greater 
potency. See Tr. 15:7–16:7 (Petitioner’s counsel acknowledging there is no 
such evidence in the record); Ex. 1063 ¶ 82 (explaining that Li’s tests “do 
not permit comparison of the affinity or potency of rat uroguanylin to human 
or opossum uroguanylin”). Thus, Petitioner has not shown that a POSA 
would have expected the Glu3 substitution to improve potency or any other 
property of the resulting peptide. Instead, Li merely evidences a reasonable 
expectation that the peptide resulting from the Glu3 substitution would retain 
activity similar to human uroguanylin. This supports Dr. Peterson’s 
testimony, which we credit, that a POSA would understand this to be a 
“conservative substitution.” See Ex. 1002 ¶ 76 (explaining that when 
orthologs from “related species have different amino acids at a particular 
position (variant residues), this often indicates that the particular observed 
differences preserve the functionality of the proteins” and they “often will 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
30 
differ by conservative substitutions, that is, substitutions involving similar 
amino acid residues”) (internal quotations omitted). 
Contrary to Patent Owner’s assertion, Petitioner’s “conservative 
substitution” rationale for making the Glu3 substitution is consistent with 
precedent. See Resp. 41–42. The Federal Circuit has explained that the 
rationale for generating analogs of a lead compound may simply be an 
expectation that the resulting compound will exhibit “similar properties.” 
See Bristol-Myers, 752 F.3d at 973 (quoting Otsuka, 678 F.3d at 1293); In re 
Dillon, 919 F.2d 688, 692 (Fed. Cir. 1990) (en banc)). For example, in 
Bristol-Myers the expert testimony showed that “[a]fter selecting a lead 
compound” a POSA “would seek to make small, conservative changes to 
that structure” because doing so was common in drug development. 752 
F.3d at 974. Here, Dr. Peterson offers analogous testimony, which we credit, 
explaining that making conservative substitutions was a “primary strategy” 
that protein engineers at the time used to develop synthetic analogs of 
naturally-occurring peptides. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 73–75. Moreover, Dr Peterson 
persuasively testifies that it was a routine matter for a POSA to synthesize 
and characterize the properties of such synthetic analogs. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 66–67, 
106, 130–131; Ex. 1063 ¶ 14; see also Ex. 1005, 3:8–45 (teaching that 
human uroguanylin can be prepared by conventional peptide synthesis 
methods). 
Patent Owner’s remaining arguments against Petitioner’s conservative 
substitution rationale are also unavailing. Patent Owner cites Jonson’s 
statement that “very different spatial preferences were found for glutamic 
acid and aspartic acid” and “[t]he common belief that a glutamic acid to 
aspartic acid mutation is conservative is contrary to the observations 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
31 
shown.” Resp. 43 (quoting Ex. 2035, 397, 400). But those observations 
relate to “tryptophan-glutamic acid” and “tryptophan-aspartic acid” pairs, 
which a POSA would have understood to be inapplicable to human 
uroguanylin because it does not contain any tryptophan residues. Ex. 2035, 
400. Indeed, contrary to Patent Owner’s position, Jonson provides further 
evidence that conservative substitution was a common strategy for making 
peptide analogs. See id. at 397 (“In protein engineering the concept of 
conservative mutations is frequently used. The general idea is that a 
substitution of an amino acid with another amino acid with similar 
physico-chemical properties will not influence the stability and function of 
the protein.”). 
Patent Owner’s arguments about other “substituting options” are 
likewise unavailing. See Resp. 38–39 (urging that a POSA would have been 
motivated to add a third disulfide bride), 44–45 (asserting there are 
“approximately 2016” substitutions that could be made to the 16 amino acids 
in human uroguanylin). It is true that if a POSA were to consider using any 
one of the 20 standard amino acids at any of the 16 positions in human 
uroguanylin there would be a huge number of possible variations. However, 
as explained above, Li highlights a handful of interesting positions with 
arrowheads, including human uroguanylin’s Asp3, and suggests that the 
acidic side chain at that position “specifies” uroguanylin’s higher affinity as 
compared to guanylin. Ex. 1006, 52 (Fig. 6A), 54. Thus, we credit 
Dr. Peterson’s testimony that Li substantially narrows the pool of 
substitutions a POSA could have made in the abstract to a finite set of 
conservative substitutions, which includes the Glu3 substitution, that a POSA 
would have been motivated to make. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 148, 156, 161 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
32 
(testifying that a POSA’s “attention immediately would have been drawn” to 
the positions identified in Li and that “[a]spartic and glutamic acid are the 
only two amino acids that possess an acidic side chain”). The fact that there 
may be some other obvious changes to try, e.g., a Glu2 substitution15 or a 
modification to add a third disulfide bridge as Patent Owner urges (see Resp. 
39–40), does not undermine Petitioner’s showing that a POSA would have 
been motivated to make the Glu3 substitution with a reasonable expectation 
of success. See Bristol-Myers, 752 F.3d at 975–76 (noting other possible 
modifications a POSA might make to the lead compound, but determining 
that “the steps of deciding which bond to modify and how to modify that 
bond equate to a small, finite number of changes to try”) (internal quotations 
omitted). 
We also disagree with Patent Owner’s argument that a POSA would 
not have made the Glu3 substitution because certain references taught the 
importance of Asp3 to human uroguanylin’s activity. See Resp. 49–51 (citing 
Ex. 1021 (Hamra 1997); Ex. 2020 (Klodt); Ex. 2021 (WO ’266)). Hamra 
1997 studied synthetic analogs of opossum uroguanylin wherein the three N-
terminal residues (Gln-Glu-Asp) had been deleted, finding that deleting 
those residues reduced binding affinity under acidic conditions. See 
Ex. 1021, 2709. According to Patent Owner, Klodt “[s]imilarly” reported 
that “deleting Asp 3 in human uroguanylin left it with very little activity.” 
Resp. 49 (citing Ex. 2020, 228 (Fig. 4)). But we agree with Petitioner that 
 
15 As shown above, Li’s Figure 6 marks both the Asp2 and Asp3 in human 
uroguanylin with stippled arrowheads. For this reason, Petitioner 
acknowledges that Li also evidences a motivation to make the Glu2 
substitution. See Pet. 38–39. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
33 
“deleting Asp3 is not the same as substituting Glu3.” Reply 16. Indeed, if 
anything, these references support Li’s teaching that the presence of an 
acidic residue, either Asp or Glu, at position 3 in human uroguanylin is one 
of the features that specifies uroguanylin’s higher affinity relative to 
guanylin. See Ex. 1006, 54. Thus, they do not undermine Petitioner’s 
conservative substitution rationale, which is premised on that teaching. 
The statements Patent Owner points to in WO ’266 are not enough to 
overcome Petitioner’s showing. WO ’266 teaches that uroguanylin peptides 
have been identified from a variety of species, including humans and rats 
and “[t]he functionally active domain in most of these peptides is highly 
conserved.” Ex. 2021, 17:21–30. This teaching accords with Li’s 
observation that the uroguanylin sequences in its Figure 6A all share acidic 
residues at the positions corresponding to positions 2 and 3 in human 
uroguanylin. See Ex. 1006, 54. Moreover, while the “preferred embodiment” 
taught and claimed in WO ’266 retains Asp2 and Asp3 while permitting 
modifications at certain other positions (see Ex. 2021, 13:20–33, 29:2–16), 
the preferences of the inventors in that patent application do not overcome 
Petitioner’s evidence showing that a POSA would have regarded the Glu3 
substitution as a conservative substitution to try. Indeed, as Petitioner points 
out, Asp2 and Asp3 are not among the residues marked with bold and italic 
letters in Figure 7, which WO ’266 teaches are the “residues . . . believed to 
be required for the functional activity of these peptides.” Id. at 7:26–8:3, Fig. 
7. Thus, like Hamra 1997 and Klodt, WO ’266 does not undermine 
Petitioner’s showing that a POSA would have understood the Glu3 
substitution to be a conservative substitution and therefore would have been 
motivated to make that modification to human uroguanylin. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
34 
While the record supports Petitioner’s conservative substitution 
rationale, the other rationales Petitioner offers for making the Glu3 are not 
persuasive. First, Petitioner’s argument that the Glu3 substitution “would 
have been expected to result in a protonated glutamate at a higher pH (pKa = 
4.25 rather than aspartic acid’s 3.65) for better activity in the less acidic 
environment of the intestinal lumen” is based on the pKa values for the R 
group of the free amino acid. See Pet. 36 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 157–61; 
Ex. 1012, 118, Table 5-1); Ex. 2024 ¶ 174. However, both sides’ experts 
have since testified that it is not accurate to compare free amino acid pKa 
with the pKa when they are incorporated into the peptide chain because the 
latter will be affected by its surrounding environment. Ex. 2026, 101:12–
102:2; Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 176–78. Indeed, the record reflects that “the pKa value 
for an ionizable R group can change somewhat when an amino acid becomes 
a residue in a peptide” because “[t]he loss of charge in the α-carboxyl and α-
amino groups, interactions with other peptide R groups, and other 
environmental factors can affect the pKa.” Ex. 1012, 127. For this reason, 
the same text Petitioner cites to show the pKa values of aspartic and 
glutamic acid cautions that those values “cannot be strictly applied to 
peptides.” Id. 
Petitioner’s argument that the “relative difference between the pKas 
of the two amino acids in the peptide . . . would be very similar to the 
difference in the free amino acids” is unpersuasive. Reply 20 (citing 
Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 98–100, 104; Ex. 2026, 100:3–13). Patent Owner offers 
evidence showing that the R group pKa of aspartic acid and glutamic acid in 
peptides can vary widely from the pKa of the free amino acid. Ex. 2043, 2; 
Ex. 2044, 567–70 (Table 1). Patent Owner’s evidence includes an instance 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
35 
in which the pKa of aspartic acid’s R group was the same or even higher 
than that of glutamic acid when incorporated into a peptide, which directly 
undermines Petitioner’s position that the relative difference would be the 
same. Ex. 2045, 37 (Table 1). Petitioner dismisses this evidence, urging that 
it relates to “residues buried inside a peptide” that “are not analogous to the 
Asp3 or Glu3 pKas in plecanatide.” Reply 20. But that misses the point. The 
record shows there are interactions beyond just whether the residue is buried 
that can affect the pKa. See, e.g., Ex. 1012, 127 (“interactions with other 
peptide R groups, and other environmental factors can affect the pKa”); 
Ex. 2069, 96:19–97:2, 97:19–98:1 (Dr. Peterson acknowledging that 
intrachain hydrogen bonds can affect pKa). Neither Petitioner, nor 
Dr. Peterson, sufficiently address these other interactions, much less do they 
do so within the context of the particular amino acid sequences at issue here. 
Accordingly, we credit Dr. Davies’s testimony that a POSA “would have 
understood that the pKa values of amino side chain groups could not be 
predicted when the amino acid was incorporated into a peptide” and 
therefore would not have expected the Glu3 substitution to result in a peptide 
that would “remain protonated at a higher pH as compared to Asp or result 
in better activity in less acidic environments.” Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 178–186. 
Second, Petitioner’s argument that a POSA would have been 
motivated to make the Glu3 substitution to avoid aspartimide formation is 
unpersuasive. According to Petitioner, changing the peptide to eliminate Asp 
pairs in its primary structure would have been an obvious solution to avoid 
the known problem associated with aspartimide formation during synthesis. 
However, each of the references Petitioner cites teach a different solution––
the use of protecting groups––to avoid aspartimide without changing the 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
36 
target molecule. Ex. 1022, 63; Ex. 1023, 111; Ex. 1024, 204; Ex. 2024 
¶¶ 198–201 (analyzing these references). Moreover, as Patent Owner points 
out, Dr. Peterson testified on cross-examination that the presence of other 
amino acids (e.g., glycine and asparagine) can also cause aspartimide 
formation. Resp. 56 (citing Ex. 2026, 119:14–19). Petitioner does not 
explain why a desire to avoid aspartimide formation would have motivated 
the Glu3 substitution, but not the substitution of other residues in human 
uroguanylin that might lead to the same problem. See Reply 21–22. For 
these reasons, we credit Dr. Davies’s testimony that a POSA “would not 
have been motivated to substitute an amino acid residue to avoid a source of 
aspartimide, which could be easily avoided with protecting groups.” 
Ex. 2024 ¶ 203. 
Petitioner replies that “alternatives” like protecting groups “cannot 
teach away from an otherwise-favorable substitution.” Reply at 21. But 
again, this misses the point. It is Petitioner’s burden to show that its rationale 
would have motivated the Glu3 substitution. Patent Owner need not show 
that the prior art teaches away from such. At most, Petitioner shows that the 
Glu3 substitution might provide some post hoc benefit by simplifying 
synthesis of the modified peptide––not that a desire to avoid aspartimide 
formation would have motivated a POSA to change the peptide itself by 
making the Glu3 substitution. 
Finally, the argument in Petitioner’s Reply that Marx would have 
motivated the Glu3 substitution because it teaches “the ionizable side chains 
of Asp2, Asp3, and Glu5 ‘may be involved in the control and stabilization of 
the two’” topoisomers of human uroguanylin is not persuasive. Reply 13–14 
(quoting Ex. 2010 (Marx), 236, 238). As Patent Owner points out, Marx 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
37 
says only that the ionizable side chains of these residues “may be involved” 
and seemingly contradicts that observation with data it concludes show that 
“isomerization is not affected by the amino-terminal region of uroguanylin.” 
Sur-reply 11 (quoting Ex. 2010, 236) (emphasis omitted). Thus, we do not 
agree with Petitioner’s suggestion that Marx teaches that making the Glu3 
substitution would affect interconversion between the topoisomers. Even if 
Marx were interpreted as Petitioner suggests, both Asp and Glu have an 
ionizable side chain. Making the Glu3 substitution would not change the fact 
that there is an ionizable side position. Thus, the record does support 
Petitioner’s suggestion that a POSA would have expected the Glu3 
substitution to affect topoisomerization, much less that a POSA would have 
been motivated to make the Glu3 substitution for this reason. 
iii. 
Unexpected results 
Patent Owner offers evidence it contends shows that “the particular 
features of plecanatide” provide unexpected and superior results compared 
to human uroguanylin. See Resp. 58–66. Patent Owner presents this 
evidence in four categories of allegedly unexpected results: “(1) stabilization 
against interconversion, (2) unexpected superior potency, (3) surprisingly 
superior heat stability, and (4) unexpected superior binding affinity.” Id. at 
58. According to Patent Owner, this evidence “underscores the lack of any 
reasonable expectation of success and supports the patentability of 
plecanatide.” Id. 
Before turning to the specifics of Patent Owner’s evidence as it relates 
to each category of results, we address certain global issues with Patent 
Owner’s showing. Patent Owner primarily relies on tests and data from three 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
38 
different sources: Table 4 in the Specification, Exhibit 2027, and Exhibit 
2028.16 It is undisputed that the uroguanylin (also referred to as SP-301) in 
Patent Owner’s tests is human uroguanylin and that SP-304 is a peptide 
consisting of the amino acid sequence in SEQ. ID. NO: 20, as recited in 
claim 1. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 10:39–63 (providing definitions); Ex. 2027, 
TRUL00018210 (showing sequences), TRUL00018218 (correcting 
sequence for uroguanylin); Ex. 2024 ¶ 217; Ex. 2066 ¶ 13. The only 
difference in the amino acid sequence of SP-301 and SP-304 is the latter’s 
Glu3 substitution. Id. Patent Owner’s evidence also includes data for SP-302 
and SP-303, which are other test peptides derived from human uroguanylin. 
SP-303 has the sequence of human uroguanylin, but with a Glu2 substituted 
for the Asp2. Id. SP-302 has both the Glu2 and Glu3 substitution. Id. 
Petitioner contends that the human uroguanylin (SP-301) in Patent 
Owner’s tests is not the closest prior art because it was tested as a mixture of 
the active and inactive topoisomers. See Reply 23. We disagree with 
Petitioner. As Patent Owner points out, “[h]uman uroguanylin naturally 
interconverts between, and exists as a mixture of, two isomers.” Sur-reply 
20; see also Ex. 2011, 28 (“topological isomers of human uroguanylin are 
not stable in solution and are readily interconvertible”); Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 67–68; 
Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 49–52. The record also supports Patent Owner’s position that 
 
16 Exhibits 2027 and 2028 are study reports submitted as part of Patent 
Owner’s New Drug Application (NDA) for a plecanatide-containing drug 
product. See Paper 26, 1–3; Paper 61, 9. These exhibits were initially filed 
under seal (see id.), but Patent Owner has since filed unredacted versions of 
those papers. While the unredacted exhibits still bear confidentiality 
designations, they are nevertheless publicly-available. See Paper 73 (Patent 
Owner agreeing to make these papers public). 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
39 
“[s]ome amount of interconversion to the inactive conformation was 
inevitable” in its testing. Sur-reply 20 (citing Ex. 2010, 238; Ex. 2011, 31 
(noting that “interconversion may occur during the course of the analysis” 
especially under acidic conditions)). Thus, Patent Owner’s tests reflect the 
use of human uroguanylin as it naturally exists, i.e., a mixture with some 
interconversion between topoisomers, which is the closest prior art to the 
peptide of claim 1. 
 
Petitioner also contends that the alleged unexpected results are not 
reasonably commensurate with the scope of claim 1 because Patent Owner 
“never assert[s] their results represent all topoisomers of SEQ ID NO. 20” 
and claim 1 “neither requires a particular topoisomer nor excludes mixtures 
of SEQ ID NO. 20 topoisomers.” Reply 22–23. We disagree. First, the 
extent to which SP-304 interconverts between an active and inactive 
topoisomer, if at all, is not clear on this record. Petitioner and Dr. Peterson 
assert that Patent Owner’s “later patents . . . explain [that] the ’786 patent’s 
synthesis methods produce mixed topoisomers.” Reply 22; Ex. 1063 ¶ 148 
(citing Ex. 1068, 3:30–41). But the exhibit they cite is more equivocal, 
stating only that “synthesis of peptides for pharmaceutical application 
present a number of special problems such as an overall low yield . . . and/or 
high levels of impurities (e.g., contaminants resulted from organic solvents 
used during syntheses or purification, and degradation products or 
topoisomers created, e.g., during purification).” Ex. 1068, 3:35–41. 
Moreover, as explained below, Patent Owner’s HPLC data show that, unlike 
human uroguanylin, SP-304 did not form an inactive topoisomer under the 
conditions tested there. Infra § III.E.iii.1. Thus, Petitioner has not 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
40 
established the premise for its argument, i.e., that the peptide of claim 1 
readily interconverts between an active and inactive topoisomer. 
 
Second, even if it had been shown that the peptide of claim 1 is 
subject to topoisomerization, Patent Owner’s unexpected results evidence 
would still be reasonably commensurate with the scope of that claim. While 
“unexpected results must be commensurate in scope with the claims, 
“absolute identity of scope” is not required. Genetics Institute, LLC v. 
Novartis Vaccines and Diagnostics, Inc., 655 F.3d 1291, 1308–09 (Fed. Cir. 
2011) (citing cases rejecting unexpected results “where the evidence was 
plainly disproportionate to the scope of the claim”). Claim 1 here is narrowly 
drawn to a peptide consisting of a single 16 amino acid long sequence. All of 
the unexpected results Patent Owner alleges are based on data from tests of 
SP-304, i.e., a peptide consisting of that sequence. Thus, even if we assume 
there is more than one topoisomer of the sequence recited in claim 1 and the 
activity of those topoisomers differed from each other, Patent Owner’s SP-
304 data would not be disproportionate to the overall scope of this narrowly-
drawn claim. 
For these reasons, Patent Owner has established a sufficient nexus 
between claim 1 and its experimental results evidence and demonstrated that 
these results it describes compare the claimed peptide (SP-304) to the closest 
prior art. Having resolved these global issues, we turn to the specifics of 
Patent Owner’s evidence for each of its categories of results. 
1. Interconversion stability 
Patent Owner argues that “[p]lecanatide’s particular combination of 
structural features yielded a peptide that is unexpectedly stabilized against 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
41 
interconversion as compared to human uroguanylin.” Resp. 58. As evidence, 
Patent Owner offers data from an experiment involving “[s]amples of 
plecanatide (SP-304) and human uroguanylin (UroG) [that] were incubated 
for 16 hours at 37°C in a solution having a pH of 3.0” and “then analyzed by 
HPLC [i.e., high pressure liquid chromatography].” Id. (citing Ex. 2028, 
TRUL00018269). The results of that analysis are shown in the figure 
reproduced below. Ex. 2028, TRUL00018269. 
 
 
The figure above shows HPLC chromatographs of uroguanylin on the left 
and SP-304 on the right. The uroguanylin chromatograph shows a first peak 
labeled “Active fraction” next to a second, smaller peak labeled “Inactive 
fraction.” Id. In contrast, the SP-304 chromatograph shows only a single 
peak. According to Patent Owner, the result shown in this data “would not 
have been expected, for nothing in the art would have suggested that the 
Asp3 to Glu3 substitution would have improved human uroguanylin’s 
isomeric stability, let alone to this degree.” Resp. 59 (citing Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 
210–215). 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
42 
 
We find Patent Owner’s evidence persuasive to show that the Glu3 
substitution results in an unexpected improvement in interconversion 
stability. HPLC was a known technique for separating the topoisomers of 
human uroguanylin. Ex. 2010, 230–231; Ex. 2011, 27–28; Ex. 2020, 223; 
Ex. 2028, TRUL00018269; see also Ex. 1063 ¶ 40 (Petitioner’s expert 
confirming same). It was also known that one of human uroguanylin’s 
topoisomers was biologically active, whereas the other was “practically 
inactive.” Ex. 2011, 31; see also Ex. 2010, 229 (noting “the existence of two 
topological stereoisomers of which only one induces intracellular cGMP 
elevation”). The chromatograph for uroguanylin in Patent Owner’s data is 
consistent with these teachings, showing two peaks representing the active 
and inactive topoisomers. Compare Ex. 2028, TRUL00018269 (Fig. 1) with 
Ex. 2011, 28 (Fig. 2). The chromatograph for SP-304 shows a markedly 
different result, i.e., a “single peak,” which was confirmed “using the 
cGMPT T84 cell assay” to represent “the fully active conformer of SP-304.” 
Ex. 2028, TRUL00018269; Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 208–209. 
 
We agree with Patent Owner and credit Dr. Davies’s testimony 
(Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 210–215) that a POSA would not have expected the Glu3 
substitution to produce such a result. Indeed, the premise for Petitioner’s 
“conservative substitution” rationale is that the Glu3 substitution would have 
been expected to produce an analog having similar properties to human 
uroguanylin. See, e.g., Pet. 1, 36 (stating a POSA “would have expected this 
particular conservative substitution to retain excellent receptor-activating 
activity”); Reply 3 (urging that the reason to modify a known compound 
may be an expectation that the new compound will have “similar properties 
to the old”) (internal quotations omitted). Patent Owner’s HPLC data, 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
43 
however, demonstrate a difference in kind between the data for SP-304 (a 
single HPLC peak) and uroguanylin (two distinct peaks corresponding to the 
active and inactive topoisomer) after incubation under the same conditions. 
As Dr. Davies explains, “topoisomers exist as a mixture of compounds with 
different[] spatial conformations” that are “continuously interconverting 
between spatial conformations” with “varying degrees of interconversion 
stability.” See Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 51–56. Thus, Patent Owner’s data show that the 
Glu3 substitution results in a peptide that, assuming it interconverts at all, is 
more stable against interconversion than the parent, unmodified peptide. 
Marx further shows that this result would not have been expected. The 
Asp3 residue in human uroguanylin is the third residue from the amino-
terminal end of that peptide. But Marx teaches that “isomerization is not 
affected by the amino-terminal region of uroguanylin.” Ex. 2010, 236. Marx 
also suggests that a different modification, i.e., adding a “third disulfide 
bond apparently would lead to a preference of a structure similar to the” 
biologically active isomer. See Resp. 39–40 (quoting Ex. 2010, 235). Thus, 
Marx suggests that a POSA seeking to stabilize uroguanylin against 
interconversion to the inactive isomer should pursue modifications other 
than the Glu3 substitution. 
Nevertheless, Petitioner cites Marx and Klodt, urging that the “prior 
art suggested acidic residues at positions 2-3 contribute to stabilization.” 
Reply 28. We disagree. As explained above, Marx teaches that it is the 
“ionizable side-chains” in Asp2 and Asp3 that “may be involved in the 
control of stabilization of the two isomers.” Ex. 2010, 236. The substitution 
of one acidic residue (Asp) with another residue having an acidic side chain 
(Glu) does not affect this; both the Glu3 and Asp3 peptide would still have an 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
44 
ionizable side chain at the same position. Petitioner also refers to Klodt’s 
observation that “the ‘sterical bulk’ of ‘other residues’ far from the C-
terminus may influence interconversion.” Reply 13 (quoting Ex. 2020, 228). 
But that teaching does not identify Asp3. Rather, what Klodt says is that 
“other residues, in particular between the inner cysteine residues, also 
influence [stability of topoisomers] by their sterical bulk.” Ex. 2020, 228 
(emphasis added). Asp3 is not located between the cysteine residues in 
human uroguanylin. See Ex. 1005, 1:50–55 (SEQ ID NO: 1); Ex. 1006, 52 
(Fig. 6a) (showing that human uroguanylin has cysteine residues at positions 
4, 7, 12, and 15). Accordingly, neither Marx nor Klodt supports Petitioner’s 
position that a POSA would have expected the result shown in Patent 
Owner’s HPLC data. 
Petitioner’s argument that Patent Owner has not shown that the 
incubation conditions for its experiment “(e.g., pH 3 for 16 hours)” are 
“relevant” is unavailing. Reply 27. First, Petitioner does not explain what it 
objects to regarding these incubation conditions. See id. To the extent 
Petitioner contends the conditions differ from those in vivo when a peptide is 
orally administered, that distinction does not undermine Patent Owner’s 
showing because the data still show that plecanatide exhibited unexpectedly 
improved interconversion stability under the conditions tested. Moreover, 
Petitioner’s suggestion that these conditions are somehow not relevant is at 
odds with the fact that the data were apparently submitted to the FDA as part 
of Patent Owner’s NDA. See Paper 61, 9 (Patent Owner representing that 
“Preclinical Study Report Nos. SP-PH-001 (Ex. 2027) and SP-PH-004 
(Ex. 2028) are a part of the NDA submitted to the FDA for Trulance®”); 
Paper 26, 1 (similar). 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
45 
Petitioner’s argument that Patent Owner should have additionally 
provided NMR data to confirm the structure of the peptide in each HPLC 
peak because “its HPLC protocol may have been optimized to separate 
topoisomers of [uroguanylin] but not SP-304” is not persuasive. Reply 28 
(citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 146–147). HPLC was a known technique for separating 
topoisomers of uroguanylin. Ex. 2010, 230–31; Ex. 2011, 27–28; Ex. 2020, 
223; Ex. 2028, TRUL00018269; Ex. 1063 ¶ 40. Thus, we see no reason why 
Patent Owner’s HPLC data are not itself sufficient to show the alleged 
results. Indeed, the premise for Patent Owner’s argument, i.e., Dr. Peterson’s 
testimony that the SP-304 peak “is relatively broad with some degree of 
tailing, raising the question of whether the HPLC protocol employed was 
simply lacking in optimization to resolve the topoisomers of this peptide” 
(Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 146–147), is just speculation. In contrast, we find the testimony 
Patent Owner offers from Dr. Shailubhai—who “directed the preparation 
and testing” resulting in Patent Owner’s data, provides detailed information 
regarding the HPLC conditions, and concludes that the chromatograph 
shows “only a single peak” for SP-304 (Ex. 2066 ¶¶ 17–20)—more credible 
than the speculative testimony from Dr. Peterson that Petitioner cites. 
2. Potency 
Patent Owner argues that “Plecanatide is also unexpectedly more 
potent than human uroguanylin, stimulating significantly more cGMP 
production in T84 cells.” Resp. 60. In addition to Table 4 in the 
Specification, Patent Owner relies on the following data from Table 1 in 
Exhibit 2027. Id. at 61 (reproducing Ex. 2027, TRUL00018222 (Table 1)); 
see also Ex. 1001, 16:1–18 (Table 4) (showing some of the same results). 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
46 
 
Table 1 above shows data for plecanatide (SP-304), human uroguanylin (SP-
301) and other test peptides (SP-302 and SP-303) at different concentrations 
in the T84 cGMP stimulation bioassay. According to Patent Owner, these 
data show that “plecanatide increased cGMP production by about 56% at 10-
6 M (320 v. 205 pmol/well)” and “achieved 50% of its maximal effect at less 
than half of the concentration of human uroguanylin (1.x10-7 M v. 
2.3x10-7M).” Id. at 60. 
Patent Owner also relies on the data in Figure 2 of Exhibit 2028, 
reproduced below, showing potency of human uroguanylin, SP-302, SP-303, 
and SP-304 at pH 5.5, 6.0, 6.5, and 7.0. Resp. 61–62 (citing Ex. 2028, 
TRUL00018270); see also Ex. 2028, TRUL00018273 (showing raw data). 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
47 
 
Figure 2 above is a bar graph of cGMP data for plecanatide, human 
uroguanylin, SP-302, and SP-303 at different pHs ranging from 5.5 to 7.0. 
According to Patent Owner, these data show “as compared to human 
uroguanylin, plecanatide increased cGMP production by about 105% at pH 
6.0 and by about 49% at pH 6.5.” Resp. 61–62. Relying on testimony from 
Dr. Waldman, Patent Owner argues that this “increased pH sensitivity and 
better potency in the acidic portion of the intestine allows higher fluid 
secretion to treat constipation while its activity advantageously drops at pH 7 
(in the colon) to minimize the likelihood of diarrhea.” Id. at 63 (citing Ex. 
2025 ¶¶ 103–104, 110, 111). 
Petitioner replies that the “magnitude” of the differences in Patent 
Owner’s potency data “is well within the . . . experimental error for these 
experiments and does not demonstrate any real, significant, or material 
difference in cGMP activity between the two peptides.” Reply 24 (citing 
Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 118–135). Referring to Table 4 in the Specification, Petitioner 
urges that its “cGMP values cannot be read to conclude a statistically 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
48 
significant difference exists between the tested peptides, as even 
Dr. Shailubhai confirmed.” Id. (citing Ex. 1061, 33:19–34:15). Petitioner 
also asserts that “Dr. Davies testified a 40% difference in cGMP values for 
the same peptide in the same experiment does not reflect an actual difference 
but merely ‘a different way to interpret the data.’” Id. at 24–25 (quoting and 
citing Ex. 1060, 57:8–10, 54:3–4, 61:8–18, 74:8–17). Petitioner further 
urges that the raw data in Tables 2–3 of Exhibit 2028 “show higher nominal 
cGMP values for uroguanylin than for plecanatide at the same 
concentration with the same assay protocol.” Id. at 25 (citing Ex. 1063 
¶¶ 131–134). Moreover, Petitioner points to other data Patent Owner 
submitted to FDA, which it contends “indicates both peptides induced 
similar cGMP-production levels at the same concentration used to generate 
the Table 1 data [in Exhibit 2027] that was included in Table 4 [of the 
Specification].” Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 1069, 26, 30). 
We find Patent Owner’s showing of unexpectedly improved potency 
and pH sensitivity persuasive. Patent Owner provides tests showing “the 
stimulation of cGMP synthesis in T84 cells by plecanatide (SP-304), human 
uroguanylin (SP-301)” as well as SP-302 and SP-303 as a measure of these 
peptides’ relative potency. See Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 217, 222, 224. Both the data in 
Table 4 of the Specification and Table 1 of Exhibit 2027 show that SP-304 
produced a higher cGMP level in the T84 cell bioassay than SP-301 
(uroguanylin). See Ex. 1001, 16:1–18 (Table 4); Ex. 2027, TRUL00018222 
(Table 1). As Patent Owner points out, the difference at 10-6 M was more 
than 50% higher. Id. Moreover, Table 1 shows that SP-304 produced higher 
cGMP over a wide range of tested concentrations (10-7 M to 10-5 M) and that 
SP-304’s EC50, i.e., the “median effective concentration (required to induce 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
49 
a 50% effect),” was about half that of uroguanylin.17 Ex. 2027, 
TRUL00018222 (Table 1). The data also show that SP-302 and SP-303 
produced values similar to or slightly worse than uroguanylin at 10-6 M. See 
Ex. 1001, 16:1–18 (Table 4); Ex. 2027, TRUL00018222 (Table 1). Thus, 
Patent Owner’s data show that SP-304 exhibited improved potency values 
compared to both the parent peptide, human uroguanylin, as well as two 
other test peptides (SP-302 and SP-303) comprising different substitutions 
of the aspartic acid residues at positions 2 and 3. 
The data in Figure 2 of Exhibit 2028 also supports Patent Owner’s 
position. As Patent Owner points out, the data show that the Glu3 
substitution resulted in increased cGMP production at pH 6 and 6.5 as 
compared to uroguanylin and the other tested peptides. Resp. 61–62 (citing 
Ex. 2028, TRUL00018270, TRUL000018273). Dr. Waldman offers 
testimony, which we credit, that both the increased activity and “pH 
sensitivity” are unexpected and “clinically meaningful” because 
this unexpected pH sensitivity in the acidic areas of the 
intestines allows plecanatide’s unexpectedly superior selective 
activity in the [pH environment of] the small intestine to 
provide fluid into the intestine to treat constipation, rather than 
in the colon, where its activity drops (pH 7) and is thus less 
likely to cause adverse effects, like diarrhea. In other words, 
plecanatide’s targeted activity in the small intestine (not in the 
 
17 Petitioner asserts that the EC50 values in Table 1 were amended to 
“eliminate[] the purported 10-fold potency difference” shown in the original 
version of that table. Reply 24. While this is true, Petitioner’s observation is 
inapposite because Patent Owner relies only on the amended values. See 
Resp. 60–61 (showing Table 1 as amended). Moreover, as Patent Owner 
explains, this amendment did not change the underlying cGMP data used to 
calculate those EC50 values. Sur-reply (citing Ex. 2027, TRUL00018222). 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
50 
colon) advantageously reduces the diarrhea rate in patient 
populations. 
Ex. 2025 ¶ 110; see also Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 37–38 (explaining that “[a]s of 2002, 
all available treatment options [for constipation] targeted the colon or both 
the colon and small intestine,” which “is in stark contrast to plecanatide, 
which even today, is the only [chronic idiopathic constipation] and [irritable 
bowel syndrome with constipation] treatment to preferentially target the 
small intestine”). These differences, particularly the improved pH sensitivity 
at pH 6.0 and 6.5 shown in Figure 2 of Exhibit 2028, represent a difference 
in kind from the data for human uroguanylin. 
Dr. Davies’s testimony that these results would have been unexpected 
because they show “that similar and/or seemingly minor modifications to 
human uroguanylin result in significant changes to biological activity in 
unpredictable ways” is persuasive. See Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 228–230. Li identifies 
both of the aspartic acid residues at position 2 and 3 in human uroguanylin 
as being of “particular interest.” See Ex. 1006, 52 (Fig. 6a), 54. And 
Petitioner appears to acknowledge that according to its own logic, a POSA 
relying on Li would also have been motivated to make the Glu2 substitution. 
See Pet. 39 (“a POSA could also make [Glu2]-human uroguanylin as an 
operable synthetic uroguanylin”). However, Patent Owner’s data show that 
surprisingly only the Glu3 substitution results in improved potency compared 
to uroguanylin, whereas other conservative substitutions (i.e., the Glu2 in 
SP-303 and the combination of the Glu2 and Glu3 substitutions in SP-302) 
resulted in peptides with cGMP and EC50 values similar to or worse than the 
parent peptide. Nothing in the record suggests such results would have been 
expected. 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
51 
Petitioner’s argument that the differences between the values in Patent 
Owner’s data are immaterial and can be attributed to experimental error is 
unpersuasive. The data Patent Owner cites consistently show higher activity 
for SP-304 as compared to the other peptides tested. Moreover, Table 4 in 
the Specification states that the result for SP-304 is “statistically significant.” 
Ex. 1001, 16:19.18 Petitioner asserts that Dr. Shailubhai “confirmed” that 
result was not statistically significant in his deposition. Reply 24 (citing 
Ex. 1061, 33:19–34:15). But all Dr. Shailubhai said was that the P value was 
calculated by someone else on his team and that he could not recall what 
SP-304 was compared to for that calculation. Ex. 1061, 33:19–34:15. None 
of that suggests the SP-304 result in Table 4 is not, in fact, significant. 
So too, the testimony Petitioner cites from its cross-examination of 
Dr. Davies is inapposite and does not undermine Patent Owner’s showing. 
See id. at 24–25 (quoting and citing Ex. 1060, 57:8–10, 54:3–4, 61:8–18, 
74:8–17). That testimony relates to a discrepancy between the value reported 
for SP-302 in Table 4 (225 pmol/well) and the value reported for SP-302 at a 
10-6 M concentration in Table 1 of Exhibit 2027 (185 pmol/well). Ex. 1060, 
70:6–71:5. Both SP-302 values are still well below the cGMP value reported 
for SP-304 (315 pmol/well) and we credit Dr. Davies’s testimony that 
looking at the data “as whole, it doesn’t change any interpretation you would 
put on the data.” Id. at 74:8–22. 
 
18 The note below Table 4 states “[t]he value observed for SP304 was 
statistically significant with a p > 0.5.” Ex. 1001, 16:19. Dr. Shailubhai 
explains—and Petitioner does not dispute—that there is a typographical 
error with the p value and that it “should say p < 0.05.” Ex. 2066 ¶ 9. 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
52 
Dr. Peterson’s testimony that a difference in the results for SP-304 in 
Patent Owner’s data can be attributed to experimental error is not 
persuasive. See Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 118–35. Patent Owner offers multiple data sets, 
showing improved potency values for SP-304 relative to uroguanylin, SP-
302, and SP-303. Ex. 1001, 16:1–18 (Table 4); Ex. 2027, TRUL00018222 
(Table 1); Ex. 2028, TRUL00018270, TRUL00018273 (Table 2). In 
response, Dr. Peterson suggests that other statistical analysis could have 
been done or that these experiments should have been replicated to confirm 
their reliability. See Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 122–23. But that does not undermine the 
veracity of the data Patent Owner has presented.19 Dr. Peterson also cites the 
same deposition testimony of Dr. Shailubhai and Dr. Davies discussed 
above, picking at the edges of Patent Owner’s evidence by comparing results 
from different experiments in an attempt to suggest that any difference 
between the values for uroguanylin and SP-304 is unreliable. See Ex. 1063 
¶¶ 125–135. For example, Petitioner and Dr. Peterson point to the raw data 
for Patent Owner’s pH sensitivity assays in Table 2 and compare them to the 
data for the thermostability assays in Table 3 of Exhibit 2028. See Reply 25 
(citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 131–34; Ex. 2028, TRUL00018273 (Tables 2–3)). But 
these are different experiments and Petitioner has not sufficiently shown that 
the conditions (e.g., pH) are similar such that the comparison Dr. Peterson 
makes is accurate. For these reasons, we credit the testimony of Dr. Davies 
and Dr. Waldman that Patent Owner’s data demonstrate significant and 
unexpectedly improved potency and pH sensitivity for SP-304 as compared 
 
19 Moreover, at least for the results in Table 1 the “[s]amples were run in 
duplicate[] incubations and each sample was run as duplicates in ELISA 
test.” Ex. 2027, TRUL00018211; Ex. 2023 ¶ 15. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
53 
to uroguanylin (see Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 216–30; Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 95–111) over the 
competing testimony Petitioner offers from its experts. 
3. Heat stability 
Patent Owner asserts that “[p]lecanatide is also unexpectedly more 
heat stable than human uroguanylin.” Resp. 64. Patent Owner relies on data 
from an experiment in which SP-304 and human uroguanylin “were 
compared after heating at 95°C for up to 90 minutes” and then tested “[i]n 
the T84 cell-based assay at specific times.” Id. (citing Ex. 2028, 
TRUL00018268, TRUL00018270–71). Data for this experiment are 
depicted in Figure 3 of Exhibit 2028, which is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 3 above is a line graph showing the change in “% cGMP Levels” of 
plecanatide, human uroguanylin, SP-302, and SP-303 over time. Ex. 2028, 
TRUL00018271. According to Patent Owner, the data in Figure 3 show that 
SP-304 retained virtually all of its activity, whereas “uroguanylin lost about 
15% of its activity after 90 minutes.” Id. (quoting Ex. 2028, 
TRUL00018270). Patent Owner argues this result “would have been 
unexpected in view of the one methylene group difference” between 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
54 
glutamic acid and aspartic acid and that “[a] POSA would have expected, at 
best, that plecanatide would have had a similar thermostability to human 
uroguanylin, as was reported for peptides with other minor variations like 
SP-302 and SP-303.” Id. at 65 (citing Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 236, 238). 
Petitioner replies that “the data do not support [Patent Owner’s] 
argument.” Reply 26. According to Petitioner, Patent Owner and Dr. Davies 
“overstate the difference between the nominal cGMP value observed for SP-
301 after heat treatment (10–13%, not 15% or 20%), ignore that SP-301 and 
SP-303’s initial cGMP values were 6-13% greater than those for SP-304, 
and present the data to create a false impression that significant or material 
heat-stability differences exist.” Id. at 26–27 (citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 136–138, 
141–143). In addition, Petitioner argues that the “nominal cGMP values” in 
Patent Owner’s data “repeatedly swing back and forth” and that “SP-304’s 
cGMP values begin much lower than the other peptides and end ~7% higher 
after heat treatment, and even the patent admits ‘[b]iological activity . . . did 
not change significantly.’” Id. at 27 (quoting Ex. 1001, 16:19–28). For these 
reasons, Petitioner urges that Patent Owner “fails to demonstrate any 
material difference in kind between peptides” with respect to their 
thermostability. Id. (citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 135–144, 176). 
We agree with Petitioner that Patent Owner’s thermostability data do 
sufficiently demonstrate a difference in kind between SP-304 and human 
uroguanylin. The raw data for Figure 3 is shown in Table 3 below. Ex. 2028, 
TRUL00018273. 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
55 
 
The data in Table 3 show that cGMP levels for SP-304 vacillated at the 
different time points in the experiment, ranging from as low as 20.44 
pmol/well to as high as 21.88 pmol/well after heat treatment for 90 minutes. 
Id. As Dr. Peterson explains, this is a nominal increase of about 7% that 
“cannot be attributed to reversing degradation of the peptide” through heat 
treatment, which, if anything, would reduce activity. Ex. 1063 ¶ 139. Thus, 
this increase is “attribut[able] to experimental error.” Id. 
Similar vacillation can be seen between some of the data points for the 
other peptides in Table 3 with the nominal cGMP level increasing slightly 
notwithstanding additional heat treatment. In particular, uroguanylin’s 
cGMP level after 60 minutes (18.76 pmol/well) is slightly lower than its 
activity after 90 minutes (18.96 pmol/well). See also Ex. 2028, 
TRUL00018271 (Figure 3 showing uroguanylin had lost about 10% of its 
original cGMP level after 60 minutes). The result in Exhibit 2028 is 
contradicted by the Specification, which describes results from what appears 
to be a similar thermostability assay,20 but states that the “[b]iological 
 
20 While the description of the protocols is similar, it is unclear if the 
Specification describes the same or merely a very similar experiment to that 
described in Exhibit 2028. See Ex. 1060, 47:3–22 (Dr. Davies testifying that 
“[i]t certainly looks like the same experiment”). In either event, the 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
56 
activity of [uroguanylin] did not change significantly after 60 minutes” and 
was “reduced to about 80%” of its original value after 90 minutes. Ex. 1001, 
16:23–28. 
Neither Patent Owner, nor Dr. Davies, sufficiently account for these 
discrepancies. See Sur-reply 25 (referring to “downward trajectory” of 
uroguanylin’s heat stability compared to plecanatide). Dr. Davies charts the 
data from Table 3 using a linear regression model to try to show a difference 
in the “line trends” between uroguanylin and SP-304. Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 235–36. 
But that analysis does not explain the discrepancy between the line trend for 
uroguanylin and the Specification’s observation that activity for uroguanylin 
“did not change significantly after 60 minutes.” Ex. 1001, 16:23–28. 
Moreover, unlike the data Patent Owner relies upon for its other unexpected 
results arguments, the magnitude of the purported differences between the 
values for SP-304 and uroguanylin in Table 3 of Exhibit 2028 are much 
smaller. For these reasons, we agree with Petitioner that Patent Owner’s 
thermostability data does not sufficiently demonstrate a difference in kind 
between the thermostability of SP-304 compared to that of human 
uroguanylin. 
4. Binding affinity 
Patent Owner asserts that “[p]lecanatide also has an unexpected and 
superior binding affinity as compared to human uroguanylin.” Resp. 66. 
Patent Owner relies on data from Liu (Exhibit 2046), a research article 
published in the Anticancer Research journal in 2009. Ex. 2046, 3777. 
 
description of the results in the Specification is inconsistent with the data in 
Table 3 of Exhibit 2028. 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
57 
According to Patent Owner, “Liu conducted an independent study 
demonstrating, and as shown in Table 1 [reproduced below], plecanatide 
(E3-uroguanylin) binds to the GCC receptor with 8-fold higher affinity than 
native human uroguanylin.” Resp. 66 (reproducing table from Ex. 2046, 
3779). 
 
Table 1 above shows IC50 values21 from a competitive binding assay 
described in Liu. See Ex. 2046, 3778–3779. Patent Owner compares the IC50 
value reported for uroguanylin (39.8 ± 14.9 nM) to the IC50 value for 
E3-uroguanylin (5.0 ± 0.3 nM) from Table 1 above. Relying on testimony 
from Dr. Davies and Dr. Waldman, Patent Owner argues this approximately 
“8-fold increase in binding affinity would have been unexpected given the 
single methylene group difference [between aspartic acid and glutamic acid] 
and also meaningful, for it demonstrates substantially greater potency for 
cGMP production to treat constipation as shown above.” Resp. 66 (citing 
Ex. 2024 ¶ 243; Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 94, 110–11). 
 
21 As Dr. Davies explains, “IC50 is a quantitative measure that indicates how 
much (or what concentration) of a particular inhibitory substance (e.g. drug) 
is needed to inhibit, in vitro, a given biological process or biological 
component by 50%.” Ex. 2024 ¶ 239; see also Ex. 2025 ¶ 90 (similar 
explanation from Dr. Waldman). 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
58 
Petitioner does not dispute that the data in Liu’s Table 1 show an 8-
fold increase in binding affinity. See Reply 26. Instead, Petitioner urges this 
is not an unexpected result because Patent Owner “does not contend this 
binding-affinity increase translated into an 8-fold potency increase.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1064 ¶¶ 47–49). 
We find Patent Owner’s showing of unexpectedly improved binding 
affinity persuasive. The data in Liu’s Table 1 shows that plecanatide 
exhibited significantly improved binding affinity over uroguanylin. Indeed, 
Liu observes that “[a] conservative D3E substitution [i.e., the Glu3 
substitution] significantly increased the binding affinit[y] of the resultant 
uroguanylin analogs.” Ex. 2046, 3779. This observation supports the 
testimony of Patent Owner’s experts, which we credit, that a POSA would 
not have expected this conservative substitution to result in such a large 
improvement in binding affinity. Ex. 2024 ¶ 243; Ex. 2025 ¶ 94. 
The record also shows that binding affinity is a relevant consideration 
because it is an indicator of potency. Dr. Davies testifies that plecanatide’s 
“unexpectedly better” IC50 “is indicative of the superior activity of 
plecanatide.” Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 241–43. Dr. Waldman similarly testifies that this 
result is “significant because plecanatide would be seen as more potent in 
activating the receptors to stimulate greater cGMP production and 
potentially better relief of constipation.” Ex. 2025 ¶ 94. Their testimony is 
consistent with the use of binding affinity assays to analyze and compare 
similar peptides in various other references. See, e.g., Ex. 1005, Fig. 3B, 
6:15–22; Ex. 1021, 2709; Ex. 2065, F345F (using binding assays to analyze 
biological activity and relative potency of uroguanylin and guanylin). 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
59 
Petitioner’s argument that Patent Owner’s showing is insufficient 
unless the difference in binding affinity translates into a corresponding 
potency increase is not credible given Petitioner’s own reliance on such data. 
See Reply 26. As Patent Owner points out, Currie uses a similar competitive 
binding assay to assess the “relative affinity” of human uroguanylin, human 
guanylin, and STa. See Sur-reply 25; Ex. 1005, Fig. 3B, 6:15–22. Petitioner 
relies on this data, reproducing the binding affinity results shown in Currie’s 
Figure 3B in the Petition and urging that “Figure 3B . . . illustrates the 
increased potency of human uroguanylin compared to human guanylin.” Pet. 
23. So too, Li cites uroguanylin’s “10-fold higher . . . affinity” as support for 
its teaching identifying certain positions of “particular interest.” See Ex. 
1006, 54. As explained above, this is the same teaching Petitioner relies 
upon for its conservative substitution argument. See supra § III.E.ii. 
The testimony Petitioner cites from Dr. Epstein does not show 
otherwise. According to Dr. Epstein, the result in Liu “would not have been 
viewed as ‘superior’ or ‘unexpected’ from a clinical standpoint” because 
“[b]inding affinity is really only relevant to a clinician to the extent it 
translates to activity.” Ex. 1064 ¶ 48. To the extent Dr. Epstein is suggesting 
that a POSA would not consider significantly improved binding affinity 
relevant, his testimony is belied by Currie, Li, and the other evidence noted 
above. Accordingly, we do not find the testimony Petitioner cites (i.e., 
Ex. 1064 ¶¶ 47–49) credible to rebut Patent Owner’s showing of significant 
and unexpectedly improved binding affinity. 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
60 
iv. 
Conclusion for Ground 1 
Weighing the record as a whole in view of the findings and analysis 
above, we conclude that Petitioner has not met its burden to show that 
claim 1 would have been obvious over Currie and Li. The evidence 
suggesting that it would have been obvious to make the Glu3 substitution 
because it is a conservative substitution is substantially outweighed by 
Patent Owner’s comparatively strong evidence demonstrating unexpected 
results relating to improved interconversion stability, potency, and binding 
affinity from the Glu3 substitution. Indeed, Patent Owner’s unexpected 
results showing is sufficiently strong that we would reach the same 
conclusion even if we had found the other rationales Petitioner offers for 
making the Glu3 substitution (i.e., higher side-chain pKa and avoiding 
aspartimide formation) to be persuasive. See Millennium Pharms., Inc. v. 
Sandoz Inc., 862 F.3d 1356, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“Evidence of objective 
indicia [such as unexpected results] ‘can be the most probative evidence of 
nonobviousness in the record,’ and . . . enable[s] ‘the court to avert the trap 
of hindsight.’”) (quoting Leo Pharm. Prods., Ltd. v. Rea, 726 F.3d 1346, 
1358 (Fed. Cir. 2013). Accordingly, Petitioner has not shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claim 1 is unpatentable. 
F. Other Grounds 
Petitioner’s other grounds challenge dependent claims 2–6 and are 
premised on Petitioner’s showing in Ground 1 for the limitations of claim 1. 
See Pet. 40–53. Petitioner relies on the additional references asserted in these 
grounds only for their teachings regarding the additional limitations recited 
in the dependent claims. Id. Because Petitioner has not shown that claim 1 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
61 
would have been obvious over Currie and Li, the premise for Petitioner’s 
other grounds has not been established. Accordingly, Petitioner has not 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 2–6 are unpatentable. 
IV. 
PATENT OWNER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
Patent Owner moves to exclude Exhibit 1067 and paragraphs 34, 149, 
152–157, 160, 162–164, and 166–167 of Exhibit 1063, which are portions of 
Dr. Peterson’s second declaration relying on Exhibit 1067. PO MTE 1. 
Exhibit 1067 is “an excerpt from the file history of European Patent (EP) 
No. 1 379 224,” the European analogue to the ’786 patent, which was 
previously the subject of an opposition proceeding before the European 
Patent Office (EPO). See id. As Patent Owner explains, Exhibit 1067 
“contains statements including data, made by the opponent [i.e., a party 
opposing the EP patent in the opposition proceeding] in Europe and its 
witness, Mark Currie.” Id. at 1; see also Ex. 1067, 88–98, 120–127 (letter 
briefs of “Opponent 1” and “Annex A: Experimental Report” to those letter 
briefs describing “experiments . . . performed on behalf of Opponent 1”). 
Patent Owner argues that Exhibit 1067 should be excluded because 
the statements Petitioner relies upon in that exhibit are inadmissible hearsay 
under Federal Rule of Evidence (FRE) 802 and the data therein is not 
offered in accordance with 37 C.F.R. § 42.65(b), which requires that a party 
who relies on a technical test or data from such a test provide an affidavit 
with certain information. Id. at 1–5.22 Patent Owner raises similar arguments 
 
22 Patent Owner also seeks to exclude Ex. 1067 under FRE 106 “because it is 
an incomplete excerpt of the file history.” PO MTE 5. We do not agree that 
Exhibit 1067 should be excluded under FRE 106. As Petitioner points out, 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
62 
for excluding the testimony of Dr. Peterson that relies on Exhibit 1067. See 
id. at 5–9 (arguing the testimony should be excluded under FRE 402, 403, 
and 802 because it is premised on inadmissible experiments and data 
described in Exhibit 1067). 
Petitioner opposes Patent Owner’s motion to exclude. Paper 61 (“Pet. 
Opp.”). According to Petitioner, Exhibit 1067 is an admissible record of a 
public office that falls under the hearsay exception in FRE 803(8). Pet. Opp. 
1–2. Petitioner also argues that Exhibit 1067 is not hearsay because it is 
“offered for a purpose other than to prove the truth of the matter asserted.” 
Id. at 3. Petitioner further asserts that the description of the experiments and 
data in the expert report and letter, which Petitioner refers to as “Dr. Currie’s 
submission,” is admissible because it is “a more reliable comparator” than 
the data Patent Owner offers as evidence of unexpected results. Id. at 4–5 
(citing FRE 807). 
Regarding Dr. Peterson’s reliance on such, Petitioner argues that “the 
Federal Rules of Evidence expressly permit an expert to rely on hearsay in 
forming an opinion (FRE 703)” and both sides’ experts “have testified on 
hearsay sources.” Id. at 6 (citing Exs. 2027 and 2028). Petitioner also 
opposes Patent Owner’s argument for exclusion under 37 C.F.R. § 42.65(b), 
urging that Patent Owner has not moved to strike and “here no data was 
generated by Dr. Peterson, Mylan, or anyone affiliated with them, and 
Dr. Currie provided sufficient detail for the purposes for which Dr. Peterson 
relies upon EX1067.” Id. at 14–15. 
 
Patent Owner has access to the complete file history. Paper 61 (“Pet. Opp.”) 
6–7. 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
63 
In reply, Patent Owner argues that “Exhibit 1067 is not a public 
record,” but rather “an untrustworthy” excerpt of the European Patent Office 
(EPO) file history. Paper 64 (“PO MTE Reply”) 1. Patent Owner further 
asserts that any use of Exhibit 1067 for non-hearsay purposes “does not 
justify its hearsay use” and “Petitioner does not dispute that it offered 
Exhibit 1067 for the truth of Currie’s testing and results.” Id. Thus, Patent 
Owner urges that “[a]t minimum pages 88-98 and 120-127 of Exhibit 1067 . 
. . should be excluded.” Id. at 1–2. 
Having considered the parties’ arguments, Patent Owner’s motion to 
exclude is granted in part. We exclude pages 88–98 and 120–127 of Exhibit 
1067 and paragraphs 153–157, 160, 163, 164, and 166 of Exhibit 1063. The 
remainder of Patent Owner’s motion is dismissed as moot.23 Our reasoning 
is explained below. 
We agree with Patent Owner that at least portions of Exhibit 1067 that 
Petitioner and Dr. Peterson rely upon are inadmissible hearsay. The excerpt 
of the European Patent (EP) file history in Exhibit 1067 is more than 300 
pages long. Petitioner and Dr. Peterson cite a handful of those pages, which 
come from documents falling into one of two categories: (1) letter briefs and 
an unsigned “Annex A: experimental report” submitted by counsel for the 
opponent in an EPO opposition proceeding more than a decade ago 
(Ex. 1067, 88–98, 120–127), and (2) letter briefs from the EP patentee’s 
counsel at Mintz Levin in the same proceeding (Ex. 1067, 84–86, 99–103, 
 
23 Because these materials are excluded we have not considered them in our 
merits analysis, except where otherwise indicated. 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
64 
138–140).24 From this first category, Petitioner and Dr. Peterson rely on the 
descriptions of experiments and data that were apparently carried out by, or 
at the direction of, the opponent’s witness, Dr. Currie. See Reply 23, 26, 28; 
Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 153–157, 160, 163–164, 166 (citing Ex. 1067, 90–94 120–122, 
125–126).25 As does Petitioner, we refer to this first category of materials as 
“the Currie submission.” 
Petitioner relies on the Currie submission for the truth of the matters 
asserted therein. The Currie submission argues that plecanatide does not 
exhibit unexpected or improved results over human uroguanylin. See 
generally Ex. 1067, 88–98, 120–127. Petitioner makes essentially the same 
arguments, urging there is “no difference in activity, heat stability, or 
topoisomeric interconversion” between uroguanylin and plecanatide, citing 
the Currie submission as evidence. Reply 23; see also id. at 26 (citing 
Ex. 1067 to urge “additional experiments [that] demonstrate SP-304 does 
not improve GC-C receptor affinity 8-fold versus uroguanylin”), 28 (citing 
Ex. 1067 to assert “Dr. Currie . . . used routine HPLC optimization to 
distinguish the SP-304 topoisomers”). Petitioner also relies on the testimony 
 
24 Exhibit 1067 identifies the EP patentee as “Synergy Pharmaceuticals, 
Inc.” See Ex. 1067, 41. Patent Owner appears to acknowledge that it is 
related to the EP patentee. See Sur-reply 20 (referring to statements in the 
EP patentee’s letter briefs (i.e., Ex. 1067, 102, 140) as coming from Patent 
Owner). 
25 The documents Petitioner cites explain that Dr. Currie “is the Chief 
Scientific Officer of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the company that 
performed the above-mentioned experiments that are reported in Annex A, 
on behalf of Opponent 1” and request “permission for Dr Currie to make 
oral submissions at the Oral Proceedings.” Ex. 1067, 126. It is not clear 
whether Dr. Currie provided an oral submission at any proceeding before the 
EPO. 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
65 
of Dr. Peterson who Petitioner says reviewed the Currie submission and 
“concluded Dr. Currie’s experiments are more reliable than” Patent Owner’s 
own data. Reply 23 (citing Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 152–161, 163–167). In other words, 
Petitioner relies on statements (e.g., data) in the Currie submission, which 
were not offered as testimony in this proceeding, as proof that the results 
they describe are true. Those statements are, therefore, hearsay. FRE 801(c). 
Petitioner’s argument that Exhibit 1067 is admissible as a public 
record under FRE 803(8) is unavailing. See Pet. Opp. 1–2. Federal Rule of 
Evidence 803(8) provides an exception to the rule against hearsay for “[a] 
record or statement of a public office” that “sets out: (i) the office’s 
activities; (ii) a matter observed while under a legal duty to report . . . ; or 
(iii) in a civil case . . . findings from a legally authorized investigation.” FRE 
803(8). The only portions of Exhibit 1067 that Petitioner relies upon, i.e., the 
letter briefs and an expert report submitted by counsel––not the EPO—are 
none of those things. See Jordan v. Binns, 712 F.3d 1123, 1132 (7th Cir. 
2013) (explaining the three categories of public records under FRE 803(8)). 
In addition, the public record exception does not apply because Patent 
Owner has sufficiently shown “that the source of information” in the Currie 
submission and the circumstances of its submission “indicate a lack of 
trustworthiness.” FRE 803(8)(B). “The public-records exception is justified 
on the assumption that public officials will perform their duties properly and 
without bias.” Jordan, 712 F.3d at 1132 (emphasis added). But it cannot be 
assumed that the Currie submission was prepared without bias because it is 
the legal briefing of the patent opponent describing experiments conducted 
specifically for the purpose of the opposition proceeding. See Ex. 1067, 90 
(stating that the “Opponent 1 has asked Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
66 
perform experiments” to respond to the data the EP patentee presented in the 
opposition proceeding). The Currie submission contains no sworn testimony, 
nor does the record suggest that Dr. Currie, or anyone else with personal 
knowledge of the tests described in the Currie submission, has ever testified 
or been subject to cross-examination regarding the same.26 The mere fact 
that these materials were submitted to the EPO and as a result entered into 
the EP file history does not make the statements in the Currie submission 
any more trustworthy. Thus, we see no reason why that would qualify the 
hearsay in the Currie submission to be excepted under FRE 803(8) to the 
general rule against hearsay. 
Petitioner’s assertion that “Exhibit 1067 is admissible for the same 
reason USPTO prosecution histories are admissible” is incorrect. Pet. Opp. 
2. To be sure, there are instances when a file history qualifies under the FRE 
803(8) exception. See Valve Corp. v. Ironburg Inventions Ltd., 8 F.4th 1364, 
1374 (Fed. Cir. 2021) (explaining that file histories offered to authenticate a 
reference and show the Office had found that it was published before the 
critical date are admissible because “[t]he patent examiner’s determination 
of the publication date is a ‘factual finding[ ] from a legally authorized 
investigation’” and “‘is supported by sufficient guarantees of 
trustworthiness’”) (quoting FRE 803(8)(A)(iii) and FRE 807(a)(1)). But the 
Currie submission is not a factual finding by the EPO. Nor is there is 
anything in the record suggesting that the EPO ever made any finding based 
on the experiments and data in the Currie submission. To the contrary, both 
 
26 Patent Owner’s counsel represents that Patent Owner did not have an 
opportunity to cross-examine Dr. Currie in the EPO proceeding. Tr. 50:14–
17. 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
67 
sides represent that the EPO did not credit or otherwise make findings based 
on the data in the Currie submission. See Tr. 25:12–18 (Petitioner’s counsel 
stating that the EPO “found itself unable to conclude as to credit any of the 
data”); 50:1–13 (Patent Owner’s counsel stating that “the Currie data was 
not credited” and that the EPO made no findings based upon it); see also Ex. 
2069, 104:15–19 (Dr. Peterson testifying that he understood that the EPO 
did not credit the data). 
It is also true, as Patent Owner points out (see PO MTE Reply 1), that 
our rules expressly address the admissibility of USPTO records. See, e.g., 
37 C.F.R. § 42.61(b) (“Certification is not necessary as a condition to 
admissibility when the evidence to be submitted is a record of the Office to 
which all parties have access.”). But even for a United States patent or 
application, our rules state that a “specification or drawing . . . is admissible 
as evidence only to prove what the specification or drawing describes.” Id. at 
§ 42.61(c). “If there is data in the specification or a drawing upon which a 
party intends to rely to prove the truth of the data, an affidavit by an 
individual having first-hand knowledge of how the data was generated must 
be filed.”27 Id.; see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.65(b) (requiring an affidavit where 
“a party relies on a technical test or data from such a test”). Such rules 
reflect a desire for information to evaluate, potentially through cross-
examination, the source of the data regarding the specifics of the tests 
performed to obtain it. Again, Petitioner has not provided anything like that 
for the Currie submission, leaving open questions as its trustworthiness that 
prevent application of the FRE 803(8) exception. 
 
27 For example, Patent Owner has provided such an affidavit here for the 
data it relies upon from the Specification. See Ex. 2066 ¶¶ 2, 5–9. 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
68 
Petitioner’s reliance on the residual exception to hearsay under 
FRE 807 is similarly unavailing. See Pet. Opp. 5–6. The residual exception 
requires “sufficient guarantees of trustworthiness––after considering the 
totality of circumstances under which it was made and evidence, if any, 
corroborating the statement.” FRE 807(a)(1). For the reasons explained 
above, such guarantees are not present here. The residual exception also 
requires the statement be “more probative on the point for which it is offered 
than any other evidence that the proponent can obtain through reasonable 
efforts.” FRE 807(a)(2) (emphasis added). Petitioner offers the Currie 
submission as evidence of experiments and data that it contends rebut Patent 
Owner’s unexpected results showing. But Petitioner has not demonstrated 
that it could not have reasonably conducted its own experiments to try to 
obtain rebuttal data. 
The non-hearsay uses Petitioner alleges for some of the other parts of 
Exhibit 1067 do not justify admission of the hearsay in the Currie 
submission. Citing the letter briefs of the EP patentee’s counsel in Exhibit 
1067, Petitioner urges that Patent Owner “repeatedly asserted to the EPO 
[that] it was ‘impossible’ to purify uroguanylin.” Pet. Opp. 3 (quoting 
Ex. 1067, 140); see also Reply 23 (citing Ex. 1067, 102–103, 139–140).28 
According to Petitioner, the EP patentee’s statements in these letter briefs 
are not hearsay because they are admissions of a party opponent under FRE 
801(d)(2) or they are admissible for impeachment or similar reasons. Pet. 
 
28 Petitioner incorrectly asserts that the EPO found “‘contradiction’ in 
[Patent Owner’s] positions about purifying uroguanylin.” Pet. Opp. 3 
(quoting Ex. 1067, 59). The statement Petitioner cites appears in a section of 
the EPO decision (14.2.4.1.1) summarizing the opponent’s argument; it is 
not the EPO’s finding. See Ex. 1067, 588–89. 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
69 
Opp. at 4 (citing FRE 803(14)–(15), 804(b)(3) and 806). But even so, 
Petitioner’s argument plainly does not apply to the Currie submission, which 
is not a statement or admission from Patent Owner, but rather statements 
from an adverse party. Accordingly, we agree with Patent Owner that the 
Currie submission (i.e., pages 88–98 and 120–127 of Exhibit 1067) is 
hearsay without exception and therefore should be excluded under FRE 802. 
The fact that Petitioner has not provided an affidavit under 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.65(b) for the Currie submission is a separate basis for its exclusion. 
There is no affidavit from Dr. Currie in the record. While Petitioner argues 
that Dr. Peterson disclosed “all the facts and data on which his opinions are 
based,” Petitioner does not contend that his testimony somehow meets the 
affidavit requirements under § 42.65(b). See Pet. Opp. 14–15. Indeed, 
Dr. Peterson testified that he had never performed a T84 cell assay himself 
and had not communicated with Dr. Currie regarding these tests. See 
Ex. 2069, 10:15–20, 15:22–16:2. Thus, his testimony is not a substitute for 
the missing affidavit. Indeed, Patent Owner raises several questions 
regarding “how the Currie tests were performed and how the Currie data 
were generated” that could affect its veracity, but that remain unexplained 
because an affidavit containing the information required under 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.65(b) was not offered. See PO MTE 4. We see no reason to excuse 
Petitioner from complying with the rule simply because it and Dr. Peterson 
are not “affiliated” with Dr. Currie. Pet. Opp. at 15. Similarly, Petitioner’s 
argument that we should excuse its non-compliance because Patent Owner 
has moved to exclude rather than strike is, on the record before us here, form 
over substance. See id. at 14. 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
70 
We disagree with Petitioner’s argument that excluding the Currie 
submission on this basis would also require us to exclude the Liu reference 
on which Patent Owner relies because a “declaration from Liu’s authors” has 
not been provided. Id. at 14. Liu is a peer-reviewed journal article published 
prior to and independent of the EPO opposition that describes tests and 
results conducted for research purposes,29 whereas the Currie submission 
describes tests from an expert report conducted for the purpose of a legal 
proceeding. See Ex. 1067, 90. The former is not within the scope of the rule. 
See 37 C.F.R. § 42.65 (describing requirements for “Expert testimony; tests 
and data”). Thus, pages 88–98 and 120–127 of Exhibit 1067 are separately 
excluded because Petitioner has not provided an affidavit under 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.65(b) for the testing described therein. 
We also grant Patent Owner’s motion to exclude the portions of 
Dr. Peterson’s second declaration relying upon the tests and data in the 
Currie submission. It is well established that data relied upon by an expert 
need not itself be admissible in order for the expert opinion to be admissible, 
“[i]f experts in the particular field would reasonably rely on those kinds of 
facts or data in forming an opinion.” FRE 703; Wi-LAN Inc. v. Sharp Elecs. 
Corp., 992 F.3d 1366, 1375–76 (Fed. Cir. 2021). “The burden to establish 
reasonable reliance is on the proponent of challenged expert testimony.” Wi-
 
29 Liu was published in the journal Anticancer Research in 2009 and 
therefore predates the start of the EPO opposition proceeding. Ex. 2046, 
3777; Ex. 1067, 44 (stating that Opponent 1 filed its notice of opposition on 
April 22, 2010). None of the authors listed on Liu are ostensibly affiliated 
with Patent Owner, nor does Liu suggest that their work was supported by 
Patent Owner. See Ex. 2046, 3777 (listing authors and their affiliations), 
3782 (acknowledgements). Moreover, Petitioner does not challenge Patent 
Owner’s description of Liu as an “independent” study. See Resp. 66. 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
71 
LAN, 992 F.3d at 1376. Here, Petitioner has not shown that experts in the 
field typically rely on sources like the Currie submission, i.e., legal briefing 
describing experiments conducted solely for the purpose of an EPO 
opposition proceeding without any accompanying testimony. 
The Wi-LAN case is informative. There, the Federal Circuit affirmed 
the district court’s decision excluding unauthenticated source code 
printouts30 and the testimony of the proponent’s expert regarding that source 
code. See Wi-LAN, 992 F.3d at 1370–76. The court explained that it “is 
obviously correct” that “experts typically rely on material, like source code,” 
but the proponent had “not made a showing that source code experts 
reasonably rely on unauthenticated source code printouts.” Id. at 1376. The 
court also agreed with the district court that FRE 703 should not be used as a 
“backdoor to allow the admission of otherwise inadmissible . . . materials.” 
Id. at 1375 (internal quotations omitted). 
In this case, it is clear that experts in the present field typically rely on 
experiments and test data such as T84 cell assays and HPLC 
chromatographs. However, Petitioner has not shown that they do so when 
the only source of such experiments and data is legal briefing generated for 
litigation purposes without any accompanying testimony or opportunity to 
cross-examine of someone with personal knowledge of the experiments and 
data. Nor do we find it appropriate under the circumstances here to permit 
 
30 The proponent in Wi-LAN provided “source code printouts” from third-
party chip manufacturers “together with declarations from employees of the 
manufacturers purporting to authenticate the source code printouts.” Id. at 
1371. However, the proponent “did not establish that the declarants would 
be available to testify at trial” and as a result they could not be used to 
authenticate the source code. See id. at 1372–74. 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
72 
Petitioner to use FRE 703 and Dr. Peterson’s testimony as a backdoor to 
admit otherwise inadmissible test data, notwithstanding the rules requiring 
an affidavit to support such. Therefore, because the Currie submission is 
inadmissible hearsay and Petitioner has not met its burden to show that FRE 
703 applies, we grant Patent Owner’s motion to exclude Dr. Peterson’s 
testimony describing and opining regarding the experiments and data in the 
Currie submission (i.e., Ex. 1063 ¶¶ 153–157, 160, 163, 164, and 166). We 
also exclude those paragraphs because, as explained above, Petitioner has 
not provided an affidavit with the information required by required by 37 
C.F.R. § 42.65(b) for the tests and data Dr. Peterson relies upon from the 
Currie submission. 
Finally, we turn to the portions of Exhibit 1067 Petitioner relies upon 
that are not part of the Currie submission, i.e., the EP patentee’s statements 
in the letter briefs from Mintz Levin regarding the alleged impossibility of 
purifying uroguanylin. See Ex. 1067, 103 (referring to tests “using 
uroguanylin in its naturally-occurring form (i.e a mixture of A- and 
B-forms)” which is “clinically relevant, as [the data] was obtained with the 
peptides in the form in which they are therapeutically administered”), 140 
(“because of the rapid isomeric interconversion of uroguanylin (and the 
much slower interconversion of E3-uroguanylin (SP-304)), it is impossible to 
compare the affinity of the active conformation (only) of uroguanylin to the 
affinity of the active confirmation of [SP-304]”). Petitioner cites these 
statements for its argument that Patent Owner failed to test what Petitioner 
contends is the closest prior art, i.e., isomerically pure uroguanylin 
containing only the fully active topoisomer. It is true that a party or 
declarant’s prior inconsistent statements may be admissible notwithstanding 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
73 
the rule against hearsay. See, e.g., FRE 801(d)(2), 806. However, we agree 
with Patent Owner that the EP patentee’s statements in Exhibit 1067 are not 
inconsistent with the position it takes here i.e., that it is “not possible to 
compare plecanatide with only the active conformation of human 
uroguanylin” because “[s]ome amount of interconversion to the inactive 
conformation was inevitable” and therefore the appropriate comparison is 
between SP-304 and uroguanylin as it naturally occurs. See Sur-reply 20. 
Moreover, as explained above, Patent Owner has shown that its unexpected 
results evidence compares plecanatide to the closest prior art. Supra § 
III.E.iii. Thus, even considering the EP patentee’s statements that Petitioner 
points to in Exhibit 1067, our findings and conclusion as to obviousness 
remain the same. For this reason, we dismiss as moot Patent Owner’s motion 
to exclude the remainder of Exhibit 1067. We also dismiss as moot Patent 
Owner’s motion to exclude paragraphs 34, 149, 152, 162 and 167 of Exhibit 
1063, which rely only on the patentee’s statements in Exhibit 1067 and not 
the Currie submission or the data therein. 
V. 
PETITIONER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
Petitioner moves to exclude four categories of exhibits: (1) Exhibits 
2001–2007, (2) Exhibits 2024 and 2025, (3) Exhibits 2027 and 2028, and (4) 
Exhibit 2040. Pet. MTE 1. Patent Owner opposes Petitioner’s motion. Paper 
59 (“PO Opp.”). We address each category below. 
A. Exhibits 2001–2007 
Petitioner argues these exhibits should be excluded under FRE 402 
and 403 because they were offered only “to support a pre-institution 
argument––Fintiv––that was not preserved during trial.” Pet. MTE 1. We do 

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
74 
not rely on any of these exhibits in rendering our decision on Petitioner’s 
grounds. We, therefore, dismiss as moot Petitioner’s motion to exclude 
Exhibits 2001–2007. 
B. Exhibits 2024 and 2025 
Petitioner moves to exclude the declarations of Patent Owner’s 
experts, Dr. Davies (Ex. 2024) and Dr. Waldman (Ex. 2025). Pet. MTE 1. 
Patent Owner argues Dr. Davies and Dr. Waldman applied a legally 
erroneous standard for their testimony regarding the lead compound analysis 
and reasonable expectation of success. See id. at 2–5. Petitioner also objects 
to their testimony regarding Figure 3 of Li, the pKa of “buried amino acid 
residues . . . and amino acid prevalence,” and “human uroguanylin [being] 
prone to undesirable levels of topoisomeric interconversion.” See id. at 5–8. 
According to Petitioner, Dr. Davies’s and Dr. Waldman’s testimony on each 
of these subjects “should be excluded for being unreliable and lacking 
basis.” Id. Finally, Petitioner contends their testimony relying on Exhibits 
2027, 2028, and 2040 should be excluded because those exhibits are not 
admissible. Id. at 8. 
Patent Owner contends, “Petitioner’s Motion improperly argues the 
weight of the evidence, rather than its admissibility, and is further deficient 
because Petitioner mischaracterizes the relevance of the challenged Exhibits 
and manufactures reliability concerns where none exist.” PO Opp. 1. 
We agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner’s concerns regarding the 
testimony of Dr. Davies and Dr. Waldman go to the weight to be accorded 
such testimony and are not a sound basis for excluding it from the record. 
See PTAB Consolidated Trial Practice Guide (Nov. 2019) 79 (“A motion to 

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
75 
exclude must explain why the evidence is not admissible (e.g., relevance or 
hearsay) but may not be used to challenge the sufficiency of the evidence to 
prove a particular fact.”). Our analysis of the merits addresses each of the 
issues Petitioner points to in its motion and gives appropriate weight to 
Exhibits 2024 and 2025 in view of the record as whole. See supra § III.E. 
Moreover, as explained below, Exhibits 2027 and 2028 are admissible and 
we do not rely on Exhibit 2040. For these reasons, we are not persuaded by 
Petitioner’s arguments and therefore deny its motion to exclude Exhibits 
2024 and 2025. 
C. Exhibits 2027 and 2028 
Petitioner moves to exclude Exhibits 2027 and 2028 under FRE 403, 
FRE 802 and FRE 901. Pet. MTE 9. According to Petitioner, these 
documents “purport to be reports created in 2015, more than a decade after 
the claimed critical date of the invention, [and] signed only by the first 
named inventor, Kunwar Shailubhai,” which “describe studies conducted in 
late 2001 . . . based on the work of ‘Dr. Surendra Dheer,’ who has not 
provided any testimony in this proceeding.” Id. at 9 (quoting Ex. 2027, 1; 
Ex. 2028, 1). Petitioner urges that “[f]ar from being contemporaneous, well-
attested corroborating evidence, these exhibits are belated, self-serving, and 
unauthenticated derivations purportedly of someone else’s unpublished 
notebooks.” Id. at 10. Petitioner also asserts that “[i]f these exhibits are 
admitted, their scope should be restricted to minimize prejudice so far as 
possible.” Id. 
We do not agree that Exhibits 2027 and 2028 should be excluded. As 
an initial matter, Petitioner’s authenticity argument is unpersuasive. 

--- Page 76 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
76 
Documents are authenticated by evidence “sufficient to support a finding 
that the item is what the proponent claims it is.” FRE 901(a). Patent Owner 
has provided that evidence in the form of testimony from Dr. Shailubhai. Dr. 
Shailubhai is the named author of the reports in these exhibits. Ex. 2027, 
TRUL00018203; Ex. 2028, TRUL00018260. Dr. Shailubhai testifies that 
Exhibits 2027 and 2028 are true and correct copies of these reports and that 
he has first-hand knowledge of both the reports and the test data disclosed 
therein. Ex. 2066 ¶¶ 5, 10, 17, 30, 32–34. That testimony is sufficient to 
authenticate Exhibits 2027 and 2028. 
Dr. Shailubhai’s testimony is also sufficient to establish the reports in 
Exhibits 2027 and 2028 as business records under the FRE 803(6) hearsay 
exception. See Ex. 2066 ¶ 31 (testifying regarding the FRE 803(6) 
requirements). Indeed, Petitioner does not articulate any specific argument to 
the contrary in its motion. See Pet. MTE 9–10. 
In its reply, Petitioner asserts that “[d]ocuments created long after the 
fact, without testimony from the person who conducted the study or 
corroboration from anyone but an inventor and that have later been 
modified, can hardly be characterized as ordinary business records.” Paper 
65, 4. We disagree for several reasons. First, Patent Owner offered a witness, 
Dr. Shailubhai, with first-hand knowledge and he testified extensively 
regarding the specifics of the tests and data. See generally Ex. 2066. Indeed, 
Dr. Shailubhai explained that he directed both the testing in the studies and 
the preparation of the reports on those studies. Id. ¶¶ 10, 17, 32–33. He also 
approved those reports. Id. ¶¶ 32–33. Petitioner cross-examined 
Dr. Shailubhai (see Ex. 1061) and identifies nothing deficient regarding this 
testimony. 

--- Page 77 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
77 
Second, Petitioner’s argument that as an inventor, Dr. Shailubhai, 
cannot corroborate his own corroborating documents is inapposite. See Pet. 
MTE 9 (citing Apator Miitors ApS v. Kamstrup A/S, 887 F.3d 1293, 1296–
97 (Fed. Cir. 2018)). Petitioner confuses the corroboration standard for 
establishing an earlier invention date with the rules for admitting documents 
into evidence. See Apator, 887 F.3d at 1295 (describing the “rule of reason” 
analysis for assessing whether an inventor’s testimony regarding invention 
date is sufficiently corroborated by independent evidence). Nothing prevents 
an inventor from authenticating and establishing as business records data 
and reports of which they have personal knowledge. 
Third, the dates on the study reports do not undermine Dr. 
Shailubhai’s testimony. Dr. Shailubhai testifies that the records for these 
studies “were made or obtained at or near the time of occurrence of the 
matters set forth in the records.” Ex. 2066 ¶ 31. Again, Petitioner cites no 
contrary testimony in support of its motion. The mere fact that the reports in 
Exhibits 2027 and 2028 show “Study Dates” in 2001, “Final Report Date[s]” 
in 2008 and subsequent amendments in 2015 does not contradict Dr. 
Shailubhai’s testimony. Ex. 2027, TRUL00018203; Ex. 2028, 
TRUL00018260; see also Ex. 2066 ¶¶ 32, 33. Moreover, as we noted above, 
while the EC50 values in one of those reports (Exhibit 2027) was amended, 
the underlying data reports remained the same throughout. Supra § III.E.iii.2 
n.19. 
Finally, Petitioner’s argument under FRE 403 is unavailing. The 
evidence in Exhibits 2027 and 2028 is relevant to Patent Owner’s 
unexpected results showing. Petitioner’s arguments regarding the reliability 
of the data Patent Owner relies upon goes to the weight of the evidence, not 

--- Page 78 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
78 
its admissibility. For these reasons, we deny Petitioner’s motion to exclude 
Exhibits 2027 and 2028. 
D. Exhibit 2040 
Petitioner argues that Exhibit 2040, “a post-filing date (March 31, 
2004) letter from Michael Pennington, Ph.D[.], to Dr. Kunwar Shailubhai,” 
should be excluded under FRE 403, FRE 802, and FRE 901. Pet. MTE 10–
11. We do not rely on this exhibit in rendering our decision on Petitioner’s 
grounds. We, therefore, dismiss as moot Petitioner’s motion to exclude 
Exhibit 2040. 
 
VI. 
CONCLUSION 
Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that 
claims 1–6 of the ’786 patent are unpatentable. 
Further regarding the parties’ motions to exclude, we grant-in-part Patent 
Owner’s motion and deny Petitioner’s motion. 
Claim(s) 
 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1 
103(a) Currie, Li 
 
1 
2, 4, 5 
103(a) Currie, Li, Narayani 
 
2, 4, 5 
3–5 
103(a) Currie, Li, Narayani, 
Campieri 
 
3–5 
6 
103(a) Currie, Li, Ekwuribe 
6 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1–6 

--- Page 79 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
79 
VII. ORDER 
 
Accordingly, it is: 
 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not shown that claims 1–6 of U.S. 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 are unpatentable; 
 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
(Paper 53) is granted-in part as indicated above; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude (Paper 
54) is denied; and 
 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 

--- Page 80 ---
IPR2022-00722 
Patent 7,041,786 B2 
80 
For PETITIONER: 
 
Jad Mills 
Richard Torczon 
Nicole Stafford 
Dennis Gregory 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI PC 
jmills@wsgr.com 
rtorczon@wsgr.com 
nstafford@wsgr.com 
dgregory@wsgr.com 
 
Andrew Larsen 
Melissa Hayworth 
Christopher Sorenson 
MERCHANT & GOULD P.C. 
alarsen@merchantgould.com 
mhayworth@merchantgould.com 
csorenson@merchantgould.com 
 
 
For PATENT OWNER: 
 
Justin Hasford 
Bryan Diner 
Joshua Goldberg 
Caitlin O’Connell 
Kyu Yun Kim 
FINNEGAN, HENDERSON, FARABOW, 
GARRETT & DUNNER, L.L.P. 
justin.hasford@finnegan.com 
bryan.diner@finnegan.com 
joshua.goldberg@finnegan.com 
caitlin.oconnell@finnegan.com 
kyuyun.kim@finnegan.com