--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 39 
571-272-7822 
Entered: March 24, 2025 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
KINDERFARMS LLC, 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
GENEXA INC., 
Patent Owner. 
_____________ 
 
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
____________ 
 
 
Before DEBORAH KATZ, MICHAEL J. FITZPATRICK, and 
SUSAN L.C. MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
KATZ, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 328(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
KinderFarms, LLC (“Petitioner” or “KinderFarms”) filed a Petition 
requesting post-grant review challenging the patentability of claims 1–24 of 
U.S. Patent No. 11,617,795 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’795 patent”). (See Petition 
(“Pet.”), Paper 2.) Genexa, Inc. (“Patent Owner” or “Genexa”) filed a 
Preliminary Response. (See Paper 6.) 
We instituted trial on March 25, 2024. (Paper 8 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
During trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response. (See Paper 20 
(“PO Resp.”).) Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 25 (“Pet. Reply”)) and Patent 
Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 29 (“PO Sur-reply”)). An oral hearing was 
held on December 12, 2024, and a transcript is of record. (Paper 38 (“Tr.”)). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
full record developed through trial, we determine that Petitioner has proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 326(e). Our reasoning is explained below, 
and we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 328(a). 
A. Real Parties-In-Interest 
Petitioner identifies KinderFarms LLC as its real party-in-interest. 
(See Pet. 73.) Patent Owner identifies Genexa Inc. as its real party-in-
interest. (See Paper 4, 1.) 
B. Related Matters 
The parties report related matters, including U.S. Application No. 
17/817,637, filed on June 8, 2021, as well as U.S. Application Nos. 
17/821,134 and 17/821,137, both filed on August 19, 2022, and the 
litigation, Genexa, Inc. v. KinderFarms, LLC, No. 2:23-cv-08378-GW-AGR 

--- Page 3 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
3 
(C.D. Cal.), is a related matter. (See Pet. 72–73; Mandatory Notices, Paper 
4, 1.) 
C. The ’795 Patent 
The ’795 patent discloses pharmaceutical syrup formulations for oral 
administration that address the problem of unnatural and artificial 
ingredients used to mask the taste of pharmaceutical agents. (See Ex. 1001, 
1:12–35.) Agave syrup is provided as an alternate ingredient. (See id. at 
1:31–34.) 
Claim 1 is illustrative of the subject matter claimed and recites: 
A pharmaceutical syrup formulation for oral 
administration comprising: 
(a) acetaminophen, 
(b) agave syrup, and 
(c) a diluent, wherein the syrup formulation has a 
viscosity of less than 1500 centipoise at about 22 degrees; 
wherein the acetaminophen is suspended in the syrup; 
and wherein the syrup is palatable. 
 
(Id., at 5:34–41.) Claims 2–6 depend on claim 1. (See id. at 5:42–56.) 
Independent claim 7 is similar to claim 1, also reciting a pharmaceutical 
syrup formulation, but with the additional ingredients of an acidic 
preservative and a flavoring agent. (See id. at 5:57–6:5.) Claims 8–17 
ultimately depend from claim 7. (See id. at 6:6–34.) Claim 18 is similar to 
claim 7 and recites: 
A stable, palatable pharmaceutical syrup formulation for 
oral administration consisting essentially of: 
(a) a therapeutically effective amount of acetaminophen; 
(b) agave syrup; 
(c) acidic preservative; 
(d) a flavoring agent, and 

--- Page 4 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
4 
(e) a diluent, wherein the syrup formulation has a 
viscosity of less than 1500 centipoise at about 22 degrees and 
the acetaminophen is suspended in the syrup. 
 
(Id. at 6:35–43.) Claims 19–24 depend from claim 18. (See id. at 6:44–58.) 
D. Evidence and Grounds of Challenge 
Petitioner relies on the following patent evidence. 
 
Name 
Patent Document 
Exhibit 
FR458 
FR 2,993,458 A1 
1004 
’4666 Patent 
U.S. 4,684,666 
1005 
WO133 
WO 95/00133 A1 
1006 
WO742 
WO 2012/018742 A2 
1007 
 
Petitioner relies on the testimony of Michael Crowley, Ph.D. (See Ex. 
1003 (“Crowley Decl.”)), and Patent Owner relies on the testimony of Cory 
J. Berkland, Ph.D. (see Ex. 2009 (“Berkland Decl.”).) Both Dr. Crowley 
and Dr. Berkland testify that they have extensive experience in the 
pharmaceutical field, including in drug formulations. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 4–
16; Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 4–15.) Neither party contests the qualifications of the other 
party’s witness. We find both Dr. Crowley and Dr. Berkland to be qualified 
to provide opinion testimony on subject matter relevant to the proceeding. 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–24 are unpatentable on the following 
grounds: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–24 
103 
FR458, ’4666 Patent, 
WO133 
1–17 
103 
WO742, ’4666 Patent, 
WO133 
1–24 
112(b) 
Indefiniteness 
 

--- Page 5 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
5 
As an initial matter, we note that Petitioner presents its indefiniteness 
ground “[i]n the alternative” and argues that the claims are indefinite “[t]o 
the extent” that Patent Owner makes certain arguments about the scope of 
the terms “palatable,” “stable,” and “consisting essentially of.” (Pet. 68–72.) 
In our decision to institute post-grant review, we indicated that we were not 
persuaded on the record before us at the time by Petitioner’s arguments that 
the limitations in claims 1–24 are indefinite under 35 U.S.C. § 112(b). (See 
Paper 8, 17–18.) In the Patent Owner Response, Patent Owner states that 
the indefiniteness ground was premised on positions that Patent Owner did 
not assert, and therefore, the ground is moot. (PO Resp. 68.) Petitioner does 
not dispute Patent Owner’s characterization of the alternative indefiniteness 
ground. (See generally Reply.) We agree that Petitioner’s indefiniteness 
challenge is an alternative to its obviousness challenges and is premised on 
positions not taken by Patent Owner, and, accordingly, we do not discuss 
this ground of challenge further as it is moot in view of our resolution of the 
obviousness challenges. 
 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
In a post-grant review, Petitioner has the burden of proving 
unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence. See 35 U.S.C. § 326(e). 
The burden never shifts from Petitioner. Cf. Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. 
Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (interpreting the 
corresponding and similarly worded statute for inter partes reviews, 35 
U.S.C. § 316(e)). 

--- Page 6 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
6 
A claim is unpatentable “if the differences between the claimed 
invention and the prior art are such that the claimed invention as a whole 
would have been obvious before the effective filing date of the claimed 
invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which the claimed 
invention pertains.” 35 U.S.C. § 103. “[W]hen a patent ‘simply arranges 
old elements with each performing the same function it had been known to 
perform’ and yields no more than one would expect from such an 
arrangement, the combination is obvious.” KSR Int'l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 
U.S. 398, 417 (2007) (quoting Sakraida v. Ag Pro, Inc., 425 U.S. 273, 282 
(1976)). 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
The parties’ positions about the level of ordinary skill in the art are 
similar. (See Pet., 13–14; see PO Resp., 10–12.) In light of the parties’ 
arguments and evidence, we determine that the ordinarily skilled artisan 
would have had a bachelor of science degree in a relevant life sciences field, 
such as chemistry, biochemistry, or pharmacy, with at least three to four 
years of work or laboratory experience in pharmaceutical formulations and 
would have had access to team members having experience in 
pharmaceutical formulation and pharmaceutical regulatory approvals. (See 
Pet. 13–14; see PO Resp. 10–12; see Dec. 6–7.) Both of the parties’ 
proposals as to the level of ordinary skill in the art are consistent with the 
disclosure of the ’795 patent and the asserted prior art. The distinction 
between the parties’ proposals is minimal and would not change the outcome 
of this Decision. Thus, we adopt and apply Patent Owner’s proposal. 

--- Page 7 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
7 
C. Claim Construction 
Although Petitioner puts forth constructions for terms in the claims of 
the ’795 patent, Patent Owner argues that we need not expressly construe 
any terms to resolve the controversy between the parties. (See Pet. 14–19; 
see PO Resp. 12.) Except as indicated below, we agree that express 
construction of the claim terms is not required because the parties do not 
materially dispute the meanings of the terms. See Realtime Data, LLC v. 
Iancu, 912 F.3d 1368, 1375 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“The Board is required to 
construe ‘only those terms . . . that are in controversy, and only to the extent 
necessary to resolve the controversy.’” (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. 
Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
Limitation (c) of claim 1 recites “syrup formulation” once and then 
“syrup” by itself twice. The parties agree that two recitations of “syrup” by 
itself mean and are synonymous with “syrup formulation.” (See Tr. 15:16–
19 (counsel for Petitioner: “[T]he term, syrup, by itself, means the 
formulation. And for that reason, we--it’s our position that it’s the syrup 
formulation that has the specific viscosity requirements as well as the other 
features that we discussed.”); 31:17–20 (counsel for Patent Owner: “But 
those wherein clauses, what it’s referring to, the syrup formulation and the 
syrup -- it was all to a complete to a final formulation, right, it’s not just the 
agave syrup. Everybody here recognizes and understands that from that 
perspective.”).) Thus, the parties agree that the “viscosity of less than 1500 
centipoise at about 22 degrees” limits the final “pharmaceutical syrup 
formulation for oral administration,” not the “agave syrup” limitation in 
limitation (b) of claim 1. 

--- Page 8 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
8 
D. Asserted Prior Art 
1. FR458 
FR458 addresses the “growing interest in organic products and low-
calorie products, especially for liquid pharmaceutical compositions” and 
recognizes a need to mask the unpleasant taste of some drugs. (Ex. 1004, 
abstract, 2:43–45; see Pet. 19–20.) To satisfy this need, FR458 teaches 
“(certified) organic agave syrup as a vehicle for liquid dosage forms, active 
pharmaceutical ingredients . . . alone or in combination, suspending agents 
and natural flavorings.” (Ex. 1004, abstract; see Pet. 19–20.) FR458 
exemplifies that drugs formulated with organic agave syrup include 
analgesics, such as “paracetamol” and ibuprofen. (See Ex. 1004, 3:86–90, 
5:127–133; see Pet. 20.) Patent Owner does not dispute that “paracetamol” 
is an alternative name for acetaminophen commonly used outside of the U.S. 
(See Ex. 1003 ¶ 38.) 
FR458 provides a formulation in Example 1 containing the following 
ingredients: 

--- Page 9 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
9 
 
 
(Ex. 1004, 8:199–204; see Pet. 21; see PO Resp. 15–16.) The listed 
ingredients include paracetamol at 2.5g, certified agave syrup at 45g, 
xanthan gum at 0.4g, certified agar-agar at 0.2g, glycerin at 5g, sodium 
citrate at 0.5g, anhydrous citric acid at 0.4g, natural strawberry flavoring at 
0.01g, and purified water “Up to 100 ml.” FR458 teaches that these 
ingredients are combined, wherein 
[t]he xanthan gum and the agar-agar are mixed with the 
glycerin to obtain Solution A. The paracetamol is suspended 
225 [sic] in the syrup to obtain Solution B. Solution A is added 
to Solution B and mixed well. The water is topped up to 100 ml 
and everything is mixed together. The preparation is placed in 
vials. 
 
(FR458, Ex. 1004, 8:199–2041; see Pet 21; see PO Resp. 16.) 
 
1 The “[sic]” appears in the source document (FR458, Ex. 1004, 8:199–204). 

--- Page 10 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
10 
2. WO742 
WO742 teaches that it was known to use “natural agave extract as a 
sweetener to replace all or part of the high-calorie sugars and/or artificial 
sweeteners added in foods and medicines, thereby promoting an important 
reduction of calories and the elimination of artificial sweeteners by using 
natural agave extract as the main sweetening ingredient.” (Ex. 1007, 8:8–12 
(citing U.S. Pat. Application Publication No. US 2009/0148580); see 
Pet. 22–23.) WO742 discloses a pharmaceutical composition of 
dextromethorphan and a carrier comprising agave nectar, water, and ethanol. 
(See Ex. 1007, 9:18–23.) WO742 teaches further that the pharmaceutical 
composition can include other active drug agents, such as analgesics, 
including acetaminophen. (See Ex. 1007, 13:21–29, 15:4–5; see Pet. 23.) 
WO742 also teaches that agave was known to be a “syrup-like product,” 
which can be “thinner or thicker in consistency (viscosity),” although a 
specific viscosity or type of agave syrup is not disclosed. (Ex. 1007, 7:20–
23; see Pet. 22; see PO Resp. 17–19 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 104.) 
3. ’4666 Patent 
The ’4666 patent teaches stabilized ibuprofen syrup suitable for liquid 
administration. (See Ex. 1005, abstract; see Pet. 24.) The ’4666 patent 
teaches that orally administered moderately viscous syrups are useful for 
treating various medical conditions, including pain, and that liquid 
acetaminophen products are known. (See Ex. 1005, 1:11–15, 29–32; see 
Pet. 24.) The syrup of the ’4666 patent can include a sweetening agent, 
although as Patent Owner argues, the ’4666 patent does not mention agave 
syrup. (See PO Resp. 19 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 87).) 

--- Page 11 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
11 
The ’4666 patent teaches that the “viscosity of the product should be 
controlled for optimum stability.” (See Ex. 1005, 4:9–10; see Pet. 25.) 
Specifically, the ’4666 patent teaches that a “viscosity of about 1000 to 3000 
centipoise at 20° C, as measured by the Brookfield Synchro-Lectric 
viscometer, is the preferred range.” (See Ex. 1005, 4:10–12; see Pet. 25; see 
PO Resp. 20.) Claim 11 of the ’4666 patent is drawn to a stabilized liquid 
ibuprofen syrup suitable for oral administration and states that “the viscosity 
is about 100 to 3000 centipoise at 20o C.” (Ex. 1005, 6:66–67.) There is 
disagreement between the parties as to whether the “100” is a typographical 
error and “1000” was intended to be recited instead. 
We need not and do not reach this issue because even the range of 
1000 to 3000 centipoise, which the ’4666 patent clearly teaches, overlaps 
significantly with the range recited in the challenged claims (i.e., “less than 
1500 centipoise”). Also, as explained below, we find that WO133 also 
teaches a range sufficient to support Petitioner’s patentability challenge. 
4. WO133 
WO133 teaches oral formulations of acetaminophen in suspension 
with sweetening agents to mask the taste, although WO133 does not teach 
using agave as a sweetener. (See Ex. 1006, abstract; see Pet. 25–26; see PO 
Resp. 21.) WO133 teaches including a suspension agent for dispersing the 
acetaminophen in the aqueous medium and an additive agent for decreasing 
the solubility of acetaminophen in the aqueous medium, along with the 
sweetening agent. (See Ex. 1006, 2:14–3:18, 5:11–6:6; see Pet. 16; see PO 
Resp. 21–22.) WO133 teaches a target viscosity of the resulting oral 
formulation of from 200 to 900 centipoise, preferably 300 to 700 centipoise. 
(See Ex. 1006, 7:27–8:3; see Pet. 26; see PO Resp. 22.) WO133 provides 

--- Page 12 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
12 
examples of “viscous suspension[s]” of acetaminophen, including 
sweetening agents. (See Ex. 1006, 9:2–10:8, Examples 1 and 2; see Pet. 26.) 
E. Ground 1 
Petitioner argues that claims 1–24 of the ’795 patent would have been 
obvious over FR458 in combination with the ’4666 patent and/or WO133, 
under 35 U.S.C. § 103.2 (See Pet. 27–33.) 
1. Independent Claims 1, 7, 18 
(a) Claim 1 
Claim 1 is drawn to a pharmaceutical syrup formulation for oral 
administration that has three ingredients: acetaminophen, agave syrup, and a 
diluent. (See Ex. 1001, 5:34–41.) The syrup formulation of claim 1 must 
have a viscosity of less than 1500 centipoise at about 22 degrees. The 
acetaminophen must be suspended in the syrup, and the syrup must be 
palatable. (See id.) 
As Petitioner argues, each of FR458, the ’4666 patent, and WO133 
relates to “[a] pharmaceutical syrup formulation for oral administration,” as 
recited in the preamble to claim 1 of the ’795 patent. (See Pet. 29–30 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 107).) Specifically, FR458 teaches liquid pharmaceutical 
 
2 Petitioner asserts that the combination of FR458 and the ’4666 patent, the 
combination of FR458 and WO133, as well as the combination of all three 
references, teach each limitation of claim 1 and provide motivation to 
combine and a reasonable expectation of success, explaining the “and/or” 
provision in the grounds of challenge. (See Pet. 28 n.14.) Patent Owner 
argues that the “and/or” provision “renders Petitioner’s grounds more 
ambiguous and lacking sufficient particularity to support a finding of 
unpatentability” and that “Petitioner does not address each of these three 
proposed combinations with particularity in a reasonable discernable 
manner.” (PO Resp. 37–38.) We disagree and, as discussed below, explain 
why claim 1 would have been obvious as proposed by Petitioner. 

--- Page 13 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
13 
preparations for oral administration that include certified organic agave 
syrup. (See Ex. 1004, 1:4–7, 3:58–68.) The ’4666 patent teaches stabilized 
liquid ibuprofen syrup formulations for oral administration. (See Ex. 1005, 
1:6–15, 2:4–15.) And WO133 teaches liquid acetaminophen compositions 
for oral administration that include a sweetening agent, such as honey or 
corn syrup. (See Ex. 1006, 2:14–25, 6:7–25.) Patent Owner does not 
present argument or evidence to the contrary. 
Petitioner argues that FR458, the ’4666 patent, and WO133 each teach 
formulations for oral administration of acetaminophen. (See Pet. 30 (citing 
Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 109–112).) We find that FR458 provides 
paracetamol (acetaminophen) as an example of an analgesic useful in 
pharmaceutical suspensions or syrups for oral administration. (See 
Ex. 1004, 5:127–133, Examples 1, 4 (providing ingredients including 
paracetamol).) We find that the ’4666 patent teaches that acetaminophen is 
“widely used as an analgesic” that can be formulated as a liquid. (See 
Ex. 1005, 1:18–35.) And we find that the disclosure of WO133 is “relate[d] 
to acetaminophen compositions in which acetaminophen is presented in 
taste-masked form.” (See Ex. 1006, 1:4–19.) Patent Owner does not present 
argument or evidence to the contrary. 
Petitioner argues that FR458 teaches formulations for oral 
administration that include both acetaminophen and agave syrup. (See 
Pet. 30 (citing Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 at ¶¶ 113–115).) We find that it 
does. (See Ex. 1004, pages 8–10 (Examples 1-4).) Patent Owner does not 
present argument or evidence to the contrary. 
Petitioner argues that each of FR458 and the ’4666 patent teach 
including a diluent, specifically water, in the pharmaceutical formulation for 

--- Page 14 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
14 
oral administration. (See Pet. 30 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 116–118).) We find 
that FR458 provides examples of formulations with active pharmaceutical 
ingredients (e.g., paracetamol) and agave syrup that include “Purified water 
Up to 100 ml.” (Ex. 1004, 8–10, Examples 1–4.) We find further that the 
’4666 patent provides examples of formulations with analgesics and 
“Deionized water, q.s.,” wherein the water makes up the remainder of the 
formulation. (Ex. 1005, 4:45–55 (Example 1).) Patent Owner does not 
present argument or evidence to the contrary. 
Petitioner argues that each of FR458, the ’4666 patent, and WO133 
teaches that the active pharmaceutical ingredient can be suspended in an oral 
formulation. (See Pet. 32–33 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 122–123).) We find that 
FR458 teaches “pharmaceutical suspensions or syrups for oral 
administration based on syrups with low glycemic indexes, consisting 
mainly of certified organic agave syrup alone or in combination with other 
syrups.” (Ex. 1004, 3:58–68; see also 7:187–198, 8:200–202 (Example 1, 
“The paracetamol is suspended . . . in the syrup to obtain Solution B. 
Solution A [including agave syrup] is added to Solution B and mixed 
well.”), 10:225–226 (Example 4, “The ibuprofen and the paracetamol are 
suspended in the agave syrup to make Solution B.”).) We find that the 
’4666 patent teaches masking the unpleasant taste characteristics of 
ibuprofen when in suspension with sweetness. (See Ex. 1005, 3:50–53.) 
And we find that WO133 teaches that, “when the concentration of additive 
agent and suspension agent are properly adjusted, the taste of acetaminophen 
can be masked effectively.” (See Ex. 1006, 3:16–18; see also, 4:16–28 
(“The acetaminophen compositions of the present invention contain a 

--- Page 15 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
15 
suspension agent or mixtures of suspension agents.”), 8:17–24, 13:24–14:6.) 
Patent Owner does not present argument or evidence to the contrary. 
Petitioner argues that each of FR458, the ’4666 Patent, and WO133 
teaches a syrup that is palatable because each describes formulations that 
seek to mask the taste of the analgesic included in the oral formulation. (See 
Pet. 33 (citing Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 124–128.) We find that FR458 
teaches that some drugs are formulated in suspension to mask unpleasant 
taste. (See Ex. 1004, 2:43–45; see also pages 8–10, Examples 1–4 
(providing formulations with analgesics and agave syrup).) We find that the 
’4666 patent teaches it is desirable to mask the naturally bitter and 
unpleasant flavor of ibuprofen in a product with high sweetness. (See 
Ex. 1005, 2:19–21, 3:50–53.) And we find that WO133 teaches masking the 
unpalatable taste of acetaminophen with sweetening agents. (See Ex. 1006, 
1:19–2:6, 3:8–18, 5:11–26, 9:3–4.) Patent Owner does not present argument 
or evidence to the contrary. 
In summary, we find that all of the cited prior art references are 
focused on oral formulations that use sweeteners to mask the taste of 
analgesics. Whereas the ’4666 patent and WO133 provide for suspensions 
of acetaminophen and sweetening agents in general, FR458 specifically 
provides for suspensions of acetaminophen and agave syrup. (See Pet. 
Reply 2 (“FR458 discloses nearly all claim elements of claims 1-24 of the 
’795 patent.”).) Patent Owner does not present argument or evidence to the 
contrary. 
Furthermore, although Patent Owner disputes the contention that the 
’4666 patent teaches oral formulations of analgesics with a viscosity of 
about 100 to 3000 centipoise at 20o C, Patent Owner does not dispute that 

--- Page 16 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
16 
the ’4666 patent teaches a range of 1000–3000 cP. Nor does Patent Owner 
dispute that WO133 teaches oral formulations of acetaminophen in 
suspension with sweetening agents to mask the taste and make the 
formulation more palatable, wherein the target viscosity of the resulting oral 
formulation of from 200 to 900 centipoise, preferably 300 to 700 centipoise. 
(See Ex. 1006, abstract, 7:27–8:3, 9:2–10:8, Examples 1 and 2; see Pet. 25–
26; see PO Resp. 21–22.) 
Patent Owner’s argument is that Petitioner merely mixes and matches 
the prior art for individual claim elements, without assessing the obviousness 
of the claims as a whole. (See PO Resp. 23–24, 51–52.) Patent Owner 
argues that Petitioner fails to articulate a motivation for combining specific 
disclosures of FR458, the ’4666 patent, and WO133. (See PO Resp. 40.) 
We disagree. 
Petitioner’s arguments persuade us that, although FR458 does not 
teach a viscosity and WO133 does not use agave syrup as a sweetening 
agent, one of ordinary skill in the art would have considered the claimed 
formulations to be obvious in view of their combined teachings. Both 
references are related to the same problem – making oral formulations of 
active pharmaceutical ingredients, specifically analgesics, palatable. We are 
persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art would have considered it 
obvious to combine the teachings of each of these references to achieve a 
sweetened formulation of an analgesic, specifically a suspension of 
acetaminophen and agave syrup, that has a viscosity between 200 and 900 
cP for oral administration. 
Petitioner argues that because “both the ’4666 Patent and WO133 
disclose appropriate viscosity ranges for an oral formulation with an 

--- Page 17 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
17 
analgesic, it is unnecessary for the Board to conclude that Example 1 of the 
FR458 meets this limitation.” (Pet. 31.) Petitioner supports this argument 
by citing to the testimony of Dr. Crowley that each ingredient in the 
combination would be carrying out a function it was already known to 
perform in an oral analgesic formulation and, thus, the result of this 
combination would have been predictable to one of ordinary skill in the art. 
(See Ex. 1003 ¶ 102.) Dr. Crowley testifies further that one of ordinary skill 
would have been able to easily substitute the sweetening agents used in the 
analgesic formulations disclosed in the ‘4666 Patent and WO133 (e.g., 
sucrose, sorbitol, etc.) for agave syrup in an amount that would not change 
the overall sweetness/palatability of the formulation. (See Ex. 1003 ¶ 102.) 
Thus, Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
considered a palatable oral pharmaceutical syrup formulation including 
acetaminophen as a suspension, with a viscosity overlapping the range 
recited in claim 1, as taught in the ’4666 patent and WO133, and also 
including agave syrup to mask the unpleasant taste of the acetaminophen, as 
taught in FR458, to be obvious. 
Petitioner argues that “the fact that the viscosity ranges disclosed in 
WO133 and the ’4666 patent overlap with [the viscosity range recited in 
claim 1] creates a presumption of obviousness.” (Pet. 32 n.17 (citing UCB 
Inc. v. Actavis Laboratories, 65 F.4th 679, 689-690 (Fed. Cir. 2023)).) 
Petitioner argues further that the ’795 patent does not present any criticality 
to the viscosity range recited in the claims, but instead merely recites 
different viscosity ranges. (See Pet. 32 n.17 (citing Ex. 1001, 2:12–28).) 
Petitioner also argues that this combination of elements is merely the 
combination of “old [ingredients] with each performing the same function it 

--- Page 18 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
18 
had been known to perform” and that, thus, a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would be motivated to combine these teachings and would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success, as discussed in KSR, 550 U.S. at 417.3 
(See Pet. 29 (citing Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 101–103).) Petitioner 
argues that “[t]he motivation-to-combine analysis is flexible, because ‘a 
person of ordinary skill in the art is not an automaton.’” (Pet 27 (quoting 
Intel Corp. v. PACT XPP Schweiz AG, 61 F.4th 1373, 1379 (Fed. Cir. 
2023)). Intel explains further that “[t]here is a motivation to combine when 
a known technique ‘has been used to improve one device, and a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would recognize that it would improve similar 
devices in the same way.’” Id. at 1380 (quoting KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 
Patent Owner responds that Petitioner’s argument fails because agave 
was not a “generally well-known excipient in the pharmaceutical 
formulations of oral syrups.” (PO Resp. 5, see also id. at 58; see PO Sur-
Reply 21–23.) Patent Owner relies on Dr. Berkland’s testimony that agave 
syrup was not well-known because it did not have well-defined physical and 
chemical properties. (See id. (citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 46).) Dr. Berkland cites the 
absence of agave syrup in several pharmaceutical textbooks and the Food 
and Drug Administration’s “Generally Recognized as Safe” list of additives 
as evidence that it was not “generally well-known.” (See Ex. 2009 ¶ 46.) 
 
3 Patent Owner argues that Petitioner never articulated a motivation to 
combine aspects of FR458 or WO742 (discussed below) to achieve the 
specific viscosities of WO133 or the ’4666 patent and that such arguments 
were improperly raised in Petitioner’s Reply. (Paper 27, 2–3.) We are not 
persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument because the Petition explains that the 
motivation to combine lies in the very similar focuses of the cited prior art 
references. 

--- Page 19 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
19 
We disagree with Patent Owner’s argument and Dr. Berkland’s 
testimony regarding the obviousness of including agave syrup in a 
pharmaceutical formulation for oral administration because FR458 clearly 
teaches the person of ordinary skill that agave syrup can be used as a 
sweetener in oral formulations with acetaminophen. (See Ex. 1004, abstract, 
1:5–7, 3:58–68, 8–10 (Examples 1–4), Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 113–
115.) See In re Wood, 599 F.2d 1032, 1036 (CCPA 1979) (“In resolving the 
question of obviousness under 35 U.S.C. § 103, we presume full knowledge 
by the inventor of all the prior art in the field of his endeavor.”); KSR, 550 
U.S. at 416 (“The Court recognized that when a patent claims a structure 
already known in the prior art that is altered by the mere substitution of one 
element for another known in the field, the combination must do more than 
yield a predictable result.”) 
Patent Owner also argues that Petitioner’s grounds of challenge “rest 
solely” on unsupported testimony Dr. Crowley provides in paragraph 52 of 
his declaration regarding a viscosity of agave syrup of 212 cP. (PO Resp. 1; 
see also id. at 24–28; see PO Sur-Reply 10–15.) Patent Owner’s argument 
refers to Petitioner’s statement that 
[t]he viscosity of agave syrup has been reported to be about 212 
centipoise. Ex. 1003 at ¶ 52. Thus, a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would understand that the formulation disclosed in 
Example 1 of FR458, which is largely made up of agave syrup, 
may have a viscosity less than 1500 centipoise. Ex. 1003 at 
¶ 119. 
 
(Pet 31.) The cited paragraph 52 of Dr. Crowley’s declaration, in turn, 
provides “[t]he viscosity of agave syrup is reported to be around 212 mPa-S, 
or 212 cP, which is less than that of honey or sugar cane syrup. Ex. 1031, at 
p. 1.” (Ex. 1003 ¶ 52.) Patent Owner cites to other, similar testimony by Dr. 

--- Page 20 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
20 
Crowley. (See Ex. 1003 ¶ 119 (“As I previously noted at ¶ 52, a person of 
ordinary skill would have known that agave syrup has a viscosity of 212 
centipoise.”).) 
Exhibit 1031 does not report a viscosity for agave syrup of 212 cP. 
(See Ex. 1031, 1 (reporting agave syrup viscosity of “2.56 Pa s”).) Patent 
Owner argues that “the Petition wrongly presumes that agave syrup simply 
has a viscosity of 212 cP, contrary to Petitioner’s own cited evidence,” and 
thus the Petitioner’s reliance on 212 cP “is plainly based on an 
impermissible hindsight-based reconstruction of the claims.” (PO Resp. 26–
27.) According to Patent Owner, “[t]his single error is dispositive of the 
Petitioner’s failure.” (PO Resp. 1; see also Tr. 68:17–19 (“And this is the 
whole problem we have with the petition . . . is that they hinged it on 
212.”).) 
 
Petitioner replies that Dr. Crowley mistakenly cited Exhibit 1031 as 
opposed to Exhibit 1030. (Pet. Reply 10 n.4.) Indeed, Exhibit 1030 reports 
agave syrup viscosity of 212 +/- 3.5 Pa-s. (Ex. 1030, 5 (Table 4).) 
Accordingly, we are persuaded that Dr. Crowley’s testimony that the 
viscosity of agave syrup is reported to be around 212 mPa-S, or 212 cP, is 
adequately supported. (Id.) 
Furthermore, even if Dr. Crowley’s testimony concerning the 
viscosity of agave syrup were completely unsupported, we would not be 
persuaded that it would be a fatal flaw to Petitioner’s grounds. Patent 
Owner places an inordinate amount of weight on one line of the Petition 
regarding an assertion of a viscosity of agave syrup. 

--- Page 21 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
21 
Instead, Petitioner makes clear that the teaching regarding Example 1 
in FR458 is to be considered with other references that disclose the claimed 
viscosity limitation. Petitioner argues: 
a person of ordinary skill in the art would understand that the 
formulation disclosed in Example 1 of FR458, which is largely 
made up of agave syrup, may have a viscosity less than 1500 
centipoise. Ex. 1003 at ¶ 119. As both the ’4666 Patent and 
WO133 disclose appropriate viscosity ranges for an oral 
formulation with an analgesic, it is unnecessary for the Board 
to conclude that Example 1 of the FR458 meets this limitation. 
 
(Pet. 31 (emphasis added).) Thus, Petitioner does not rely solely on the 
report of agave syrup having a viscosity of 212 centipoise as Patent Owner 
argues. Rather, Petitioner relies on the teachings in the ’4666 patent and 
WO133 of viscosities of oral analgesic formulations. 
Petitioner argues further that Patent Owner’s arguments regarding the 
viscosity of agave syrup at 212 cP, or other specific values, are not relevant 
to the grounds of challenge because the relevant viscosity in the claims of 
the ’795 patent is of the formulation, not the agave syrup component by 
itself. (See Pet. Reply 10.) As we have previously stated, we agree. Claim 
1 of the ’795 patent recites: “a pharmaceutical syrup formulation for oral 
administration . . . wherein the syrup formulation has a viscosity of less than 
1500 centipoise at about 22 degrees . . . .” (Ex. 1001, 5:34–39.) Claim 1 
does not require any particular viscosity for the “agave syrup,” but does so 
for the “syrup formulation.” Counsel for both parties agreed to this 
interpretation of the claim language. (See Tr. 15:17–19, 34:17–20.) Thus, 
even though Petitioner relies on Dr. Crowley’s testimony about the report of 
the viscosity of agave syrup in Exhibit 1031, we find that the viscosity of 
agave syrup is not a dispositive factor of Petitioner’s challenge. (Contra PO 

--- Page 22 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
22 
Sur-Reply 5 (“But even if Petitioner’s erroneous citation theory is credited, 
that only demonstrates that the Petition was premised on the erroneous 
assertion that agave syrup necessarily has a viscosity of 212 cP—never 
acknowledging or addressing any other of the inherently variable viscosity 
values for agave syrup, including the 2,560 cP value reported in Dr. 
Crowley’s Exhibit 1031.”).) Because FR458 provides examples with agave 
syrup that include “Purified water Up to 100 ml,” we are persuaded that one 
of ordinary skill in the art would be able to achieve a desired viscosity. (Ex. 
1004, 8–10, Examples 1–4.) 
Rather than relying on the viscosity of agave syrup alone, we are 
persuaded that Petitioner’s argument relies on the viscosity of 
pharmaceutical formulations for oral administration as taught in WO133, as 
well as the ’4666 patent, which would have rendered the claimed 
pharmaceutical syrup formulation obvious. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s obviousness challenges “are 
tacitly based on inherency,” with “Petitioner’s expert making the conclusory 
assertion that agave syrup simply has a viscosity of 212 cP,” while ignoring 
that Exhibit 1031 demonstrates that it was known that agave syrup can have 
viscosity up to at least 2,560 cP. (PO Resp. 29–30.) As explained above, 
Petitioner’s grounds of challenge do not rely exclusively on a reported 
viscosity of agave syrup of 212 cP. Instead, we are persuaded that the 
grounds of challenge are supported by teachings in the prior art, such as 
WO133, that show that oral formulations of analgesics preferably have 
viscosities that overlap with the ranges recited in the claims of the ’795 
patent. See In re Keller, 642 F.2d 413, 425 (C.C.P.A. 1981) (“The test for 
obviousness is not whether the features of a secondary reference may be 

--- Page 23 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
23 
bodily incorporated into the structure of the primary reference; nor is it that 
the claimed invention must be expressly suggested in any one or all of the 
references. Rather, the test is what the combined teachings of the references 
would have suggested to those of ordinary skill in the art.”). 
Patent Owner argues further that Dr. Crowley testifies that, 
“[g]enerally, suspensions having a viscosity in the range of 20 to 150 cP are 
considered readily pourable,” but that this range is well below the viscosity 
range of 200–900 cP taught in WO133 and the preferred viscosity range of 
1000–3000 cP taught in the ’4666 patent. (See PO Resp. 45 (quoting Ex. 
1003 ¶ 59).) Dr. Crowley testifies that “increasing the viscosity of a 
suspension formulation has been shown to impair the dissolution 
characteristics of immediate release acetaminophen” and that, “[w]ith 
respect to suspensions for oral administration, having a higher viscosity is 
generally not desirable.” (Ex. 1003 ¶ 59.) According to Patent Owner, this 
is a “teaching away” because 
Petitioner’s own expert testimony demonstrates a motivation 
not to combine the acetaminophen formulation of FR458-
Example 1 with the 1000-3000 cP range of the ’4666 patent and 
the 200-900 cP range of WO133 since by his own admission 
doing so would yield bad results (i.e., impairing the dissolution 
characteristics of the acetaminophen) and generally undesirable 
higher viscosity. 
 
(PO Resp. 46 (citing Berkland Decl., Ex. 2009 ¶ 148).) 
Dr. Crowley’s cited testimony, however, is about general 
characteristics of suspensions for oral administration, whereas the WO133 
refers specifically to sweetened analgesic formulations. (See Ex. 1006, 8:1–
3 (“The viscosity of the acetaminophen composition generally ranges from 
about 200–900 centipoise, preferably from about 300–700 centipoise.”); see 

--- Page 24 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
24 
Pet. Reply 8–9.) As Petitioner notes, Dr. Crowley also testifies that the 
viscosity of 29 commercially available, pediatric liquid oral antibiotic 
formulations were measured and determined to range from 20 to 1,780 cP” 
and that “[t]he viscosity of Children’s Tylenol has been reported to be less 
than 1,000 centipoise at shear rates between 0.05 and 0.2 reciprocal 
seconds.” (Ex. 1005 ¶ 58.) Thus, we are not persuaded that Dr. Crowley’s 
testimony contradicts the teachings regarding viscosity of analgesic 
formulations in the cited prior art. 
Patent Owner also argues that Petitioner fails to explain how the 
resulting viscosity of the formulation in Example 1 of FR458 would meet 
both the preferred 1000–3000 cP range of the ’4666 patent and the 200–900 
cP range of WO133, if agave syrup with a viscosity of 212 cP were used. 
(See PO Resp. 48–51.) Patent Owner relies on Dr. Berkland’s testimony that 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that using an agave 
syrup of 212 cP in Example 1 of FR458 would result in a viscosity of the 
overall formulation that is “certainly well below 200 cP and more likely than 
not below 100 cP.” (Ex. 2009 ¶ 150.) This argument is not persuasive 
because, as explained above, we are not persuaded that the grounds of 
challenge are based on the agave syrup in Example 1 of FR458 necessarily 
having a viscosity of 212 cP. 
In the Sur-reply, Patent Owner argues that the Petitioner’s Reply 
improperly asserts new theories of obviousness that are based only on 
attorney argument. (See PO Sur-Reply 1.) Patent Owner argues that instead 
of addressing what Patent Owner asserts are flaws in the Petition, 
Petitioner’s Reply attempts to pivot by asserting, without 
evidence, that “a POSA [person of ordinary skill in the art] 
would be capable of selecting an agave syrup with appropriate 

--- Page 25 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
25 
viscosity and, if necessary, adjusting the water content and/or 
other components to achieve the desired final viscosity.” 
(Reply, 11; see also Reply at 19 (same), 20 (same).) 
 
(PO Sur-Reply 5, 15–20.) Specifically, Patent Owner argues that the 
Petition never mentioned selecting a viscosity for agave syrup, but instead 
relied on Dr. Crowley’s incorrect assertion that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have known there was only one viscosity of agave syrup – 212 cP. 
(See Sur-Reply 6–10 (citing Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶ 119).) Patent Owner 
argues that the Petition did not propose a reason to combine the teachings of 
FR458 with the ’4666 patent and/or WO133 if agave syrup had the viscosity 
reported in Exhibit 1031 of 2,560 cP. (See Sur-Reply 7.) 
Similarly, Patent Owner identifies passages on page 11, 19, 20, and 21 
of Petitioner’s Reply, which refer to the ability of one of ordinary skill in the 
art to select an agave syrup with an appropriate viscosity or adjust the 
viscosity, as being improper. (See Paper 27, 1–2.) As discussed above and 
below, we are persuaded by the grounds of challenge articulated in the 
Petition. Because we rely on Petitioner’s arguments in the Petition, we need 
not reach Patent Owner’s arguments about certain of Petitioner’s Reply 
being improper. 
After considering the arguments and evidence Petitioner presents in 
the Petition, in light of Patent Owner’s arguments and evidence, we are 
persuaded that the pharmaceutical syrup formulation recited in claim 1 
would have been considered to be obvious by one of ordinary skill in the art 
over the prior art. 
(b) Claim 7 
Independent claim 7 is similar to claim 1, requiring an acidic 
preservative and a flavoring agent. (Ex. 1001, 5:57–6:5.) Claim 7 recites: 

--- Page 26 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
26 
A stable pharmaceutical syrup formulation for oral 
administration comprising: 
(a) acetaminophen; 
(b) agave syrup; 
(c) acidic preservative; 
(d) a flavoring agent, and 
(e) a diluent, wherein the syrup formulation has a viscosity of 
less than 1500 centipoise at about 22 degrees, and wherein the 
acetaminophen is suspended in the syrup. 
 
(Id.) Petitioner puts forth the same arguments for the obviousness of the 
limitations of claim 7 that are also present in claim 1 (i.e., acetaminophen in 
suspension, agave syrup, diluent, and viscosity less than 1500 centipoise). 
(See Pet. 39.) For the reasons discussed above, we are persuaded by 
Petitioner’s arguments regarding the obviousness of claim 7. 
In regard to the limitation (c) of an acidic preservative, Petitioner 
argues that both FR458 and WO133 teach acidic preservatives in the orally 
administered formulations of analgesics. (See Pet. 40 (citing Ex. 1004, 
6:172–181 (Example 1); Ex. 1006, 7:11–26).) Petitioner argues further that 
FR458, WO133, and the ’4666 patent teach flavorings in oral analgesic 
formulations. (See Pet. 40–41 (citing Ex. 1004, 7:182–184 (natural 
flavoring), 8 (Example 1, natural strawberry flavoring and Example 2, 
natural lemon flavoring); Ex. 1006, 7:5–10, 8:15–16; Ex. 1005, 4:18–20).) 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s arguments regarding the 
teachings of the prior art. 
We are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments because we find that the 
prior art teaches these elements. We agree with Petitioner that because the 
prior art is very closely related, each being drawn to sweetened oral 
analgesic formulations, one of ordinary skill in the art would have had 

--- Page 27 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
27 
reason to combine their teachings to arrive at claim 7 with a reasonable 
expectation of success. (See Pet. 41.) 
(c) Claim 18 
Independent claim 18 is similar to independent claims 1 and 7, but 
uses the transition phrase “consisting essentially,” instead of “comprising,” 
reciting: 
A stable, palatable pharmaceutical syrup formulation for 
oral administration consisting essentially of: 
(a) a therapeutically effective amount of acetaminophen; 
(b) agave syrup; 
(c) acidic preservative; 
(d) a flavoring agent, and 
(e) a diluent, wherein the syrup formulation has a 
viscosity of less than 1500 centipoise at about 22 degrees and 
the acetaminophen is suspended in the syrup. 
 
(Ex. 1001, 6:36–43.) Petitioner puts forth the same arguments for the 
obviousness of the limitations of claim 18 that are also present in claim 1 
(i.e., acetaminophen in suspension, agave syrup, diluent, and viscosity less 
than 1500 centipoise). (See Pet. 47.) For the reasons discussed above, we 
are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments regarding the obviousness of these 
limitations. 
Petitioner argues that the transition phrase “consisting essentially of” 
requires the presence of each of the listed items and other items that do not 
materially affect the basic and novel properties of the invention. (See Pet. 
48.) Petitioner argues that Example 1 of FR458 includes a therapeutically 
effective amount of acetaminophen (paracetamol), agave syrup, the acidic 
preservatives anhydrous citric acid and sodium citrate, a flavoring agent, and 
water as a diluent. (Pet. 48 (citing Ex. 1004, page 8 (Example 1).) 
Example 1 of FR458 includes additional ingredients, specifically xanthan 

--- Page 28 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
28 
gum, certified agar-agar, and glycerin, which Petitioner argues would not 
materially affect the basic and novel properties of the invention described in 
the ’795 patent. (See Pet. 49–50 (citing Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 179–
182).) Petitioner argues that the ’795 patent suggests optional exclusion of 
unnatural and artificial ingredients from the disclosed pharmaceutical 
formulations, but does not indicate whether these items would materially 
affect the basic and novel properties of the invention. (See Pet. 49 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 179–180).) We note that claim 18 does not include a limitation 
excluding nonnatural or artificial ingredients. (Ex. 1001, 6:36–43.) 
Petitioner relies on the testimony of Dr. Crowley and the specification of the 
’795 patent to argue that xanthan gum, certified agar-agar, and glycerin are 
natural ingredients found in other formulations and would not materially 
affect the basic and novel properties of the claimed formulation. (See Pet. 
50 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 181.) Patent Owner does not argue to the contrary. 
We are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments and cited evidence in the 
Petition that one of ordinary skill in the art would have considered the 
formulation recited in claim 18 to have been obvious in light of Dr. 
Crowley’s testimony that the basic and novel properties of the claimed 
formulation would not have been materially changed with the additional 
ingredients. See PPG Industries v. Guardian Industries Corp., 156 F.3d 
1351, 1354 (Fed. Cir. 1998) (“By using the term ‘consisting essentially of,’ 
the drafter signals that the invention necessarily includes the listed 
ingredients and is open to unlisted ingredients that do not materially affect 
the basic and novel properties of the invention.”). 

--- Page 29 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
29 
2. Dependent claims 2–4, 15, and 19 
Dependent claims 2–4, 15, and 19 further limit the scope of 
independent claims 1, 7, and 18 by reciting the viscosity range as “less than 
1000 centipoise,” “less than 750 centipoise,” “less than 600 centipoise,” or 
“from about 1500 centipoise to about 400 centipoise,” each at about 22 
degrees. (Ex. 1001, 5:42–6:47.) Petitioner argues that each of these ranges 
is disclosed in or overlaps with the ranges taught in the prior art references. 
(See Pet. 34.) Petitioner cites, for example, WO133, which teaches the range 
of viscosity of 200 to 900 centipoise. (See id. (citing Ex. 1006, 7:27–8:4; 
Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 132–133).) 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner “merely alleges in conclusory 
fashion” that the ranges recited in the dependent claims would have been 
obvious by relying on the “obvious error” in claim 11 of the ’4666 patent. 
(PO Resp. 53–54.) Although Patent Owner also acknowledges the teaching 
in WO133 of a viscosity range of 200 to 900 centipoise, Patent Owner 
focuses on the disclosure of the ’4666 patent and on Petitioner’s statement 
regarding the viscosity of agave syrup at 212 cP. (See id.) As explained 
above, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s assertions that either of 
these facts is fatal to Petitioner’s challenges of the claims as being obvious at 
least because, even if we disregard the teachings of the ’4666 patent and the 
assertion of the viscosity of agave syrup, the combination of the teachings of 
FR458 and WO133 would have rendered the claimed formulations obvious. 
We are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
considered dependent claims 2–4, 15, and 19 to have been obvious. 

--- Page 30 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
30 
3. Dependent claims 5, 6, and 8 
Dependent claims 5, 6, and 8 recite different concentrations of 
acetaminophen – “0.01 to 2 grams of acetaminophen” per 100 mL of syrup 
in claim 5, “0.01 to 1 grams of acetaminophen” per 100mL of syrup in claim 
6, and “between 0.01 to 2% of the formulation by weight” in claim 8. 
(Ex. 1001, 4:51–6:8.) Petitioner cites Dr. Crowley’s testimony that WO133 
teaches that acetaminophen can be present at “up to about 10% by weight,” 
which one of ordinary skill would have known includes acetaminophen 
concentrations that are less than 1 g/100 mL of formulation. (See Pet. 34–35 
(citing Ex. 1006, 2:16–19; Ex. 1003 ¶ 136).)4 The record supports 
Petitioner’s argument. 
Patent Owner argues that the ranges of acetaminophen taught in 
FR458 and WO133 are so broad that obviousness due to overlap with the 
claimed ranges does not apply. (See PO Resp. 54–55.) Patent Owner argues 
further that Petitioner fails to address the claims as a whole and fails to 
address how the broad ranges of acetaminophen taught in FR458 and 
WO133 could be added without impacting the viscosity. (See PO Resp. 55.) 
These arguments are unpersuasive. First, the ranges recited in the 
claims are not much narrower than the ranges taught in the prior art. Thus, 
we are not persuaded that the breadth of ranges in the prior art would not 
indicate obviousness. Cf. In re Baird, 16 F.3d 380, 383 (Fed. Cir. 1994) (“A 
disclosure of millions of compounds does not render obvious a claim to 
three compounds, particularly when that disclosure indicates a preference 
 
4 Patent Owner argues that Petitioner improperly relies on ranges of 
acetaminophen in FR458 for the first time in the Reply. (See Paper 27, 3.) 
Because we do not rely on Petitioner’s Reply, this argument is moot. 

--- Page 31 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
31 
leading away from the claimed compounds.”). Because the ranges of 
acetaminophen recited in the claims are encompassed by or overlap with the 
ranges taught in the prior art, there is a presumption that the claimed ranges 
would have been obvious. See Iron Grip Barbell Co. v. USA Sports, Inc., 
392 F.3d 1317, 1322 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (“[W]here there is a range disclosed in 
the prior art, and the claimed invention falls within that range, there is a 
presumption of obviousness.”); In re Peterson, 315 F.3d 1325, 1329 (Fed. 
Cir. 2003) (“In cases involving overlapping ranges, we and our predecessor 
court have consistently held that even a slight overlap in range establishes a 
prima facie case of obviousness.”). Patent Owner does not direct us to 
evidence rebutting the prima facie case presented by Petitioner, for example 
that the claimed range achieves unexpected results. 
Furthermore, because WO133 teaches that acetaminophen can be 
present at up to 10% in formulations for oral administration and also teaches 
that the preferable viscosity range is 200 to 900 cP, we are persuaded that 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood a therapeutically 
effective amount of acetaminophen would be achievable with the viscosity 
range. (See Ex. 1006, 2:16–19, 7:27–8:3.) 
4. Dependent claim 9–13 and 22–24 
Dependent claims 9–13 and 22–24 limit the diluent and agave syrup 
in the pharmaceutical syrup formulations of the independent claims. (See 
Ex. 1001, 6:9–22, 6:55–58.) Dependent claim 9 limits the diluent in the 
pharmaceutical formulation of claim 7 to “about 5% of the formulation by 
weight,” and dependent claim 12 limits the diluent in the pharmaceutical 
formulation of claim 7 to water. (Id. at 6:9–11, 6:17–18.) 

--- Page 32 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
32 
Petitioner argues that FR458 teaches water is added to the formulation 
as required to bring the volume up to the total desired amount, thus 
rendering the amount of diluent recited in claim 9 obvious because one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood that the amount of water 
could be modified “within reason without altering the effectiveness of the 
formulation.” (Pet. 42 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 155; Ex. 1004, 8:199–204 (“the 
water is topped up to 100 mL and everything is mixed together”).) 
Dr. Crowley testifies that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood from at least FR458 and WO133 that limiting the amount of 
diluent can help reduce the dissolution of the active pharmaceutical 
ingredient in the composition, which is advantageous if the ingredient is 
bitter or unpleasant-tasting when dissolved. (See Ex. 1003 ¶ 155 (citing 
Ex. 1006, 3:8–18 (“It has surprisingly been found that when the 
concentration of the additive agent and suspension agent are properly 
adjusted, the taste of the acetaminophen can be masked effectively.”)).) 
Patent Owner relies on Dr. Berkland’s testimony to argue that 
Example 1 of FR458 is at least about 45% water and that a change in the 
formulation of Example 1 from 45% to 5% diluent, as recited in claim 9, is 
“far greater” and would not be “within reason.” (PO Resp. 55 (citing 
Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 160–161).) Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to identify 
anything lacking in Example 1 of FR458 that would justify changing it. (See 
PO Resp. 55–56.) Patent Owner argues further that Petitioner fails to 
address the claims as a whole by failing to address the expected significant 
viscosity changes of any purported modification of FR458 when so much of 
its water is removed. (See PO Resp. 56.) 

--- Page 33 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
33 
We are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments that the cited prior art 
encompasses the amount of diluent (water) recited in claim 9 and would 
have rendered the amount of diluent obvious because WO133 teaches that 
adjusting the concentration of the diluent is helpful in masking the taste of 
acetaminophen and FR458 teaches that the amount of water as a diluent is 
variable. (See Ex. 1006, 3:8–18; Ex. 1004, 8:199–204.) Patent Owner does 
not dispute Dr. Crowley’s testimony in support. (See Ex. 1003 ¶ 155.) 
Because, as Dr. Crowley notes and Patent Owner does not dispute, the ’795 
patent does not explain why “about 5% diluent” is critical in a formulation 
as claimed, we are persuaded that the teachings of the prior art to adjust 
water as needed render the claimed formulation obvious. (See id.) 
Accordingly, we are persuaded that the pharmaceutical syrup 
formulations of claims 9 and 12 would have been obvious over the teachings 
of the prior art. 
Dependent claims 10, 11, and 13, which depend on claim 7, limit the 
agave syrup in the pharmaceutical formulation of claim 7 to “less than 
98%,” “less than 95%,” and “about 95%,” respectively. (Ex. 1001, 6:12–
22.) Dependent claims 22, 23, and 24 limit the agave syrup in the 
pharmaceutical formulation of claim 18 to “less than 98%,” “less than 95%,” 
and “about 95%,” respectively. (See Ex. 1001, 6:54–59.) Petitioner argues, 
relying on Dr. Crowley’s testimony, that FR458 describes formulations with 
agave syrup at concentrations of less than 98% and 95%. (See Pet. 43 
(citing Ex. 1004, 8–10, Examples 1–4; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 157, 161–162).) 
Petitioner also relies on Dr. Crowley’s testimony that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have understood the amount of agave syrup in a formulation to 

--- Page 34 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
34 
be a design choice using skills that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have. 
(See Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 161–164).) 
Patent Owner argues, relying on Dr. Berkland’s testimony, that the 
agave syrup in Example 1 of FR458 is less than 45% of the formulation by 
weight and that Petitioner puts forth a conclusory argument that this amount 
is merely a design choice. (See PO Resp. 56 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 163).) 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to address the claims as a whole, 
failing to show how a modification to the amount agave syrup would impact 
the viscosity of Example 1 of FR458. (See id.) 
Petitioner’s arguments are supported by the teachings of FR458 and 
Dr. Crowley’s testimony that it would have been within the skill of one of 
ordinary skill in the art to make the design choices necessary for the 
percentages recited in the challenged claims. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 161–163.) 
We are persuaded that the percentages recited in claims 10, 11, 13, 22, 23, 
and 24 are taught by, and would have been obvious over, the prior art. (See 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 161–163; see Pet. 43.). 
Accordingly, we are persuaded that claims 10, 11, 13, 22, 23, and 24 
would have been obvious over the teachings of the prior art. 
5. Dependent claims 14, 16 and 17 
Petitioner argues that claims 14, 16, and 17 would have been obvious 
by citing to the teachings of the prior art. (See Pet. 44–46.) Patent Owner 
does not cite to contradictory evidence. 
Specifically, dependent claim 14 recites the pharmaceutical syrup 
formulation of claim 13, “wherein the acidic preservative comprises citric 
acid.” (Ex. 1001, 6:23–24.) Petitioner argues that FR458 and WO133 teach 
using citric acid in the oral formulations disclosed and, thus, claim 14 would 

--- Page 35 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
35 
have been obvious. (See Pet. 44 (citing Ex. 1004, page 8 (Example 1); Ex. 
1006, 7:24–26).) Patent Owner does not argue to the contrary. 
Dependent claim 16 recites the pharmaceutical syrup formulation of 
claim 7 “wherein the formulation is orally administered for veterinary and 
human use.” (Ex. 1001, 6:30–32.) Petitioner relies on Dr. Crowley’s 
testimony that it would have been known that the oral pharmaceutical 
formulations of FR458, the ’4666 patent, and WO133 would likely be 
administered to humans and other mammals and, thus, the further limitation 
of claim 16 would have been obvious. (See Pet. 45 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 170–
172).) Patent Owner does not argue to the contrary. 
Dependent claim 17 limits the pharmaceutical syrup formulation of 
claim 7, “wherein the flavoring agent is a bitter-taste-blocking ingredient.” 
(Ex. 1001, 6:32–34.) Petitioner argues FR458, the ’4666 patent, and 
WO133 are all directed to masking the bitter taste of analgesics in oral 
formulations and, thus, claim 17 would have been obvious. (See Pet. 46 
(citing Ex. 1004, 2:39–45; Ex. 1005, 2:3–21; Ex. 1006, 1:4–2).) Patent 
Owner does not argue to the contrary. 
We are persuaded that claims 14, 16, and 17 would have been obvious 
because the evidence Petitioner cites supports the arguments presented. 
6. Dependent claims 20 and 21 
Dependent claims 20 and 21 both recite: “The formulation of claim 
18, wherein the pharmaceutical syrup formulation has a viscosity of less 
than 1500 centipoise at about 22 degrees.” (Ex. 1001, 6:47–52.) As 
Petitioner argues, and Patent Owner does not dispute, claims 20 and 21 are 
identical and neither limits the scope of claim 18, on which they both 
depend, because claim 18 recites the limitation “wherein the syrup 

--- Page 36 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
36 
formulation has a viscosity of less than 1500 centipoise at about 22 degrees.” 
(Ex. 1001, 6:41–43; see Pet. 53.) Thus, we are persuaded that they are 
unpatentable for the reasons discussed above in regard to claim 18. 
7. Conclusion 
We are persuaded by the arguments and evidence that Petitioner cites 
that Ground 1 renders all of the claims of the ’795 patent obvious. Patent 
Owner’s arguments and evidence do not persuade us to the contrary.5 
F. Ground 2 
Petitioner argues that claims 1–17 of the ’795 patent would have been 
obvious over WO742 in combination with the ’4666 patent and/or WO133, 
under 35 U.S.C. § 103. (See Pet. 54–59.) We are persuaded that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have considered the formulation recited in 
claim 1 to be obvious in light of the teachings of WO742 in combination 
with either WO133 or the ’4666 patent or with both references together, we 
are persuaded that the grounds of challenge articulated in the Petition are 
sufficient for a finding of unpatentability. Patent Owner opposes. (PO 
Resp. 57.) 
1. Independent Claims 
Petitioner argues that WO742 teaches agave-based formulations that 
include dextromethorphan and other active pharmaceutical ingredients, 
including acetaminophen, as safer forms of oral pharmaceutical 
formulations. (See Pet. 54, 56–57 (citing Ex. 1007, 16:7–25, 13:21–27, 
13:27–15:57.) WO742 provides embodiments, wherein “the liquid 
 
5 Petitioner and Patent Owner each filed objections to the other’s 
demonstratives. (See Papers 36, 37.) Because we do not rely on the 
information in either party’s demonstratives in reaching our decision, the 
parties’ arguments are moot. 

--- Page 37 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
37 
composition is administered at a dose of about 15 ml and comprises about 18 
mg of dextromethorphan hydrochloride, monohydrate, about 325 mg 
acetaminophen, about 6.25 mg doxylamine succinate, and about 11 ml of 
agave nectar.” (Ex. 1007, 16:17–20.) Petitioner cites to Examples V and IX 
of WO742, which both include 11 ml of agave nectar and acetaminophen at 
325 mg and 160 mg, respectively, along with other ingredients. (See Pet. 
56–57 (citing Ex. 1007, 21:30–22:10, 23:17–29).) The total volume of the 
formulations in Examples V and IX of WO742 is made up with “Water, 
Purified q.s.” (See Ex. 1007, 21:30–22:10, 23:17–29; see Pet. 57.) WO742 
also teaches that the acetaminophen can be provided in a suspension. (See 
Ex. 1007, 13:7–10; see Pet. 58.) 
Accordingly, WO742 teaches a pharmaceutical syrup formulation for 
oral administration comprising (a) acetaminophen, (b) agave syrup, and (c) a 
diluent, wherein the acetaminophen is suspended in the syrup and the syrup 
is palatable, even though WO742 does not expressly teach the viscosity of 
this formulation. Patent Owner does not argue to the contrary regarding 
these elements of claim 1 of the ’795 patent. 
In addition to restating that “[t]he viscosity of agave syrup is reported 
to be about 212 centipoise. Ex.1003 at ¶ 52,” Petitioner states: 
As both the ’4666 Patent and WO133 disclose viscosity ranges 
for an oral formulation with an analgesic that overlap with this 
claim limitation, it is unnecessary for the Board to conclude that 
Example V of the WO742 meets this limitation. . . . A person of 
ordinary skill in the art would conclude that the viscosity ranges 
disclosed in the ’4666 Patent and WO133 teach the viscosity 
limitation of the ’795 Patent. Ex. 1003 at ¶¶ 215-218. 
 
(Pet. 57–58 (footnote omitted).) Thus, as in Ground 1, Petitioner relies on 
the viscosity ranges for an oral formulation of analgesic taught in the ’4666 

--- Page 38 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
38 
patent and WO133 to show that the viscosity limitation of claim 1 would 
have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art. 
Petitioner argues that WO742, the ’4666 patent, and WO133 are in the 
same field, each discussing the creation of oral formulations with an 
analgesic. (See Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 196).) Petitioner argues further 
that, because each of the cited references discusses acetaminophen, one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have had a reason to combine their teachings 
and would have had a reasonable expectation of success doing so. (See id.) 
As in Ground 1, Petitioner argues, citing KSR, that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have had a reasonable expectation of success in combining the 
teachings of WO742, the ’4666 patent, and WO133 because each discloses 
formulations comprising known ingredients performing known functions. 
(See Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 195–198).) 
In regard to independent claim 7, Petitioner argues that WO133 
teaches including acidic preservatives, such as citric acid, and flavorants in 
the formulations it discloses. (See Pet. 61–63, 66 (citing Ex. 1006, 7:11–26; 
Ex. 1007, 20:18–23:29 (Examples I–IX)).) 
Patent Owner presents many of the same arguments against 
Petitioner’s second ground of challenge based on WO742 as presented 
against the first ground of challenge based on FR458 in regard to claim 1. 
(See PO Resp. 57–63.) For example, Patent Owner argues that agave syrup 
was not a well-known ingredient. (See id. at 57–58.) We are not persuaded 
by this argument for the reasons discussed above in regard to Ground 1. We 
are persuaded that agave syrup was known because at least WO742 teaches 
using it in pharmaceutical formulations including acetaminophen for oral 

--- Page 39 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
39 
administration in order to mask the unpleasant taste. (See Ex. 1007, 9:18–
21.) 
Patent Owner also argues that Petitioner does not provide a reason to 
combine the disclosures or teachings of WO742, the ’4666 patent, or 
WO133 with a reasonable expectation of success, relying on the “clearly 
erroneous” viscosity of agave syrup (212 cP), rather than the viscosity of the 
formulations provided in Example IX of WO742. (See PO Resp. 58–60.) 
As in regard to Ground 1, Patent Owner argues that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have known that Example IX of WO742 would have a 
viscosity of at most approximately 100 cP if agave syrup with a viscosity of 
212 cP was used due to the other ingredients present, referring to 
Dr. Crowley’s statement of a reported viscosity of agave syrup. (See PO 
Resp. 61–62 (citing Berkland Decl., Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 168–170).) Patent Owner 
argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would have no reason to combine 
and no reasonable expectation of success in using an agave syrup with a 
viscosity of 212 cP with the formulation taught in Example IX of WO742 to 
achieve the viscosities taught in the ’4666 patent and WO133 for orally 
administered formulations. (See PO Resp. 62–63 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 171).) 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments, for reasons 
similar to those discussed regarding Ground 1 and FR458. More 
specifically, Ground 2 is not based on the agave syrup in the examples of 
WO742 necessarily having a viscosity of 212 cP. Petitioner clearly states 
that, because “both the ’4666 Patent and WO133 disclose viscosity ranges 
for an oral formulation with an analgesic that overlap with this claim 
limitation, it is unnecessary for the Board to conclude that Example V of the 
WO742 meets this limitation.” (Pet. 57–58.) We are persuaded that 

--- Page 40 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
40 
Petitioner’s grounds of challenge are based on the obviousness of the 
viscosity of the formulation as a whole, as taught in the prior art, for 
example WO133. Patent Owner again places undue emphasis on the 
statements in the Petition that “[t]he viscosity of agave syrup has been 
reported to be about 212 centipoise.” (Pet. 57.) 
After considering the arguments and evidence presented by both 
parties, we are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
considered the formulation recited in claims 1 and 7 to have been obvious. 
2. Dependent Claims 
Petitioner presents similar arguments for the unpatentability of the 
challenged dependent claims in regard to the challenges under Ground 2 as 
for the challenges of the same claims under Ground 1. (See Pet. 59–61, 64–
68.) For example, Petitioner argues that the ’4666 patent and WO133 each 
disclose viscosity ranges that overlap with the viscosity ranges recited in 
claims 2, 3, 4, and 15. (See Pet. 60, 66 (citing Ex. 1005, 6:66–67; Ex. 1006, 
7:27–8:4; Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 227–228, 258–260).) Patent Owner 
raises similar arguments against these challenges as raised against the 
challenges to claim 1, for example that the viscosity range recited in claim 
11 of the ’4666 patent is an error and that the formulation of Example X of 
WO742 would have a viscosity well below 200 cP if an agave syrup with 
212 cP was used. (See PO Resp. 64.) 
Petitioner argues further that WO133 and WO742 disclose different 
concentrations of acetaminophen, which overlap with the concentrations 
recited in claims 5, 6, and 8. (See Pet. 60–61, 64.) Claim 5 recites 0.01 to 
2g of acetaminophen per 100 mL, claim 6 recites 0.01 to 1g of 
acetaminophen per 100 mL, and claim 8 recites 0.01 to 2% of 

--- Page 41 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
41 
acetaminophen by weight. (See Ex. 1001, 5:51–56, 6:6–8.) Petitioner 
argues that WO133 teaches amounts of acetaminophen including up to 10% 
by weight, which would be understood to be less than 1 g/100mL, and that 
WO742 teaches formulations with different amounts of acetaminophen.6 
(See Pet. 60–61, 64 (citing Ex. 1006, 2:16–19, 4:8–15; Ex. 1007, 21:30–
22:10, 23:17–28 (Examples V and IX); Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 230–
231, 245–246.) Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have been familiar with various oral formulations that include analgesics 
like acetaminophen and that Dr. Crowley testifies that “the concentration of 
acetaminophen in the liquid formulation must be carefully chosen to avoid 
having to administer very large volumes or very minute volumes of the 
formulation to get a therapeutically effective dose.” (Ex. 1003 ¶ 230; see 
Pet. 60.) 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to address the claims as a 
whole and fails to address how the broad ranges of acetaminophen taught in 
WO742 and WO133 could be achieved without impacting the viscosity. 
(See PO Resp. 65.) As discussed above, in regard to the challenge under 
Ground 1, these arguments are unpersuasive because of the teachings of 
WO133 regarding the ranges of acetaminophen that overlap with the 
 
6 Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s argument that WO133 teaches a 
narrower range of 2% to 5% is a new argument in the Petitioner’s Reply. 
(See Paper 27, 3.) Because we do not rely on this teaching, being persuaded 
by the Petition’s argument that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
considered the ranges of acetaminophen recited in claims 5 and 6 to be 
obvious in light of the teaching in WO133 that acetaminophen can be 
present up to 10% of the formulation and that those of ordinary skill in the 
art would have known that concentrations must be carefully chosen, Patent 
Owner’s argument is moot. (See Pet. 60–61, 64.) 

--- Page 42 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
42 
claimed ranges and of the preferable viscosity range being 200 to 900 cP. 
(See Ex. 1006, 2:16–19, 7:27–8:3.) Patent Owner argues further that “1 mg 
per 100 mL,” which is taught in Example IX of WO742 and equals 0.001 g 
per 100 mL, is below the lower limit of the claimed range of 0.01 g per 100 
mL recited in claims 5 and 6. (PO Resp. 65.) Nevertheless, WO133 teaches 
a range that overlaps with the claimed ranges. (See Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 
¶ 230.) Accordingly, we are persuaded that the formulations recited in 
claims 5, 6, and 8 would have been obvious over the references of Ground 2. 
In regard to claims 9 and 12, Petitioner argues that WO742 discloses 
“Water, Purified q.s.” in the exemplified formulations, indicating a sufficient 
amount of water to achieve the desired volume and that the amount of water 
is variable. (See Pet. 64–65 (citing Ex. 1007, 21:30–22:10 (Example V); Ex. 
1003 ¶¶ 247–248, 251–252).) 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner does not discuss the amount of 
added water in Example 1 of WO742 and does not explain whether water 
would have to be added or removed to achieve 5% of the formulation. (See 
PO Resp. 66.) Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to address why a 
POSA would find anything lacking in Example IX of WO742 to justify 
changing it. (See id.) Patent Owner relies on Dr. Berkland’s testimony to 
argue that changes in the amount of water in a formulation can have 
significant impacts on the viscosity of the formulation. (See PO Resp. 67 
(citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 55).) 
We are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments because the challenge is 
based on obviousness, not anticipation, and, therefore WO742 need not 
teach each and every specific element of the claimed formulations. Rather, 
we are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 

--- Page 43 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
43 
from the notation “q.s.” that different amounts of water could be chosen for 
different formulations because the amount is not critical. Even if the amount 
impacts viscosity as Dr. Berkland testifies, we are persuaded that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood that an amount of water 
could be used that would achieve the claimed limitations. (See Crowley 
Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶ 247.) Patent Owner fails to direct us to any evidence that 
the amount of water is critical. (See Crowley Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶ 247.) The 
arguments and evidence cited by Petitioner persuade us that claims 9 and 12 
would have been obvious. 
Petitioner argues further that WO742 teaches agave syrup at 
concentrations that render the concentrations recited in claims 10 (less than 
98%), 11 (less than 95%), and 13 (about 95%) obvious and that the amount 
of agave syrup in a formulation would have been a design choice within the 
general knowledge of one of ordinary skill in the art. (See Pet. 65–66 (citing 
Ex. 1007, 21:30–22:10, 23:16–29; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 249–257).) 
As in response to Petitioner’s challenges under Ground 1, Patent 
Owner argues that Petitioner’s conclusory assertion of a “design choice” 
cannot support obviousness. (See PO Resp. 67.) See In re Magnum Oil 
Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 364, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2016). Patent Owner does 
not cite to evidence contradicting Dr. Crowley’s testimony. We are 
persuaded by Petitioner’s challenge in light of Dr. Crowley’s testimony 
about the knowledge, skill, and design choices of one of ordinary skill in the 
art. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 249–257.) 
Petitioner relies on Dr. Crowley’s testimony that it would have been 
known that the oral pharmaceutical formulation of WO742, the ’4666 patent, 
and WO133 would likely be administered to humans and other mammals 

--- Page 44 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
44 
and that, thus, the further limitation of claim 16 would have been obvious. 
(See Pet. 67 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 261–263).) Patent Owner does not argue to 
the contrary. We are persuaded by Petitioner’s challenge. 
Petitioner argues WO742, the ’4666 patent, and WO133 are all 
directed to masking the bitter taste of analgesics in oral formulations and 
that, thus, claim 17 would have been obvious. (See Pet. 67–68 (citing Ex. 
1007, 21:30–22:10 (Example V); Ex. 1005, 2:3–22; Ex. 1006, 1:4–17; Ex. 
1003 ¶¶ 264–265).) Patent Owner does not argue to the contrary. Again, we 
are persuaded by Petitioner’s challenge. 
3. Conclusion 
We are persuaded by the arguments and evidence that Petitioner cites 
that Ground 2 renders claims 1–17 of the ’795 patent obvious. 
 

--- Page 45 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
45 
III. CONCLUSION7 
For the reasons given, based on the arguments and evidence of record, 
Petitioner has met the burden to prove by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claims 1–24 of the ’795 patent are unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 
as obvious. As discussed above, the grounds of challenge under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 112(b) is moot. 
In summary: 
 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
 
7 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
8 We do not reach this ground because, as explained in Section I.D, we 
determine it is moot. 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–24 
103 
FR458, the ’4666 
patent, WO133 
1–24 
 
1–17 
103 
WO742, the ’4666 
patent, WO133 
1–17 
 
1–24 
112(b)8 
Indefiniteness 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–24 
 

--- Page 46 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
46 
ORDERED that, Petitioner has proved by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–24 of the ’795 patent are unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 

--- Page 47 ---
PGR2023-00051 
Patent 11,617,795 B2 
 
47 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Brian Nolan 
Ying-Zi Yang 
Shantelle LaFayette 
MAYER BROWN LLP 
bnolan@mayerbrown.com 
yyang@mayerbrown.com 
slafayette@mayerbrown.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Daniel Knauss 
Rachel Preston 
Adam Pivovar 
Stephen Smith 
Brianna Patterson 
COOLEY LLP 
dknauss@cooley.com 
rpreston@cooley.com 
apivovar@cooley.com 
stephen.smith@cooley.com 
bchamberlin@cooley.com