--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 40 
571-272-7822 
Date: March 4, 2026 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
ALAMAR BIOSCIENCES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
OLINK PROTEOMICS AB, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
 
Before SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, TAWEN CHANG, and 
TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, Administrative Patent Judges. 
CHANG, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
Dismissing Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence as Moot 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64 
 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
This is a Final Written Decision in an inter partes review challenging 
the patentability of claims 1–20 of U.S. Patent No. 7,883,848 B2 (Ex. 1001, 
“the ’848 patent”). We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. 
Petitioner has the burden of proving unpatentability of the challenged 
claims by a preponderance of the evidence. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Having 
reviewed the parties’ arguments and cited evidence, for the reasons 
discussed below, we find that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–20 are unpatentable. 
Additionally, for the reasons discussed below, we dismiss Patent Owner’s 
Motion to Exclude as moot. 
A. Procedural History 
Petitioner Alamar Biosciences, Inc. filed a Petition requesting inter 
partes review of claims 1–20 of the ’848 patent. Paper 2 (“Pet.”). Patent 
Owner, Olink Proteomics AB, timely filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 6 
(“Prelim. Resp.”). In view of the then-available preliminary record, we 
instituted an inter partes review. Paper 7 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
After institution, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition. Paper 
18 (“PO Resp.”). Petitioner filed a Reply. Paper 24 (“Reply”). Patent 
Owner filed a Sur-reply. Paper 32 (“Sur-reply”). 
Patent Owner filed a Motion to Exclude certain evidence. 
Paper 33 (“Mot.”). Petitioner opposed that motion. Paper 34 
(“Opp.”). Patent Owner filed a Reply. Paper 35 (“Mot. Reply”). 
On December 9, 2025, we held an oral hearing, the transcript of 
which is of record. Paper 38 (“Tr.”). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
3 
B. Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Pet. 73. Patent 
Owner identifies itself, Olink Proteomics Inc., and Thermo Fisher Scientific 
Inc. as the real parties-in-interest. Paper 4, 2. 
C. Related Matters 
Petitioner and Patent Owner indicate the ’848 patent is the subject of 
litigation in Olink Proteomics AB and Olink Proteomics Inc. v. Alamar 
Biosciences, Inc., C.A. No. 1:23-cv-01303-MN, pending in the United States 
District Court for the District of Delaware, which was filed on November 
15, 2023. Pet. 73; Paper 4, 2. 
D. The ’848 Patent and Relevant Background 
The ’848 patent is titled “Regulation Analysis by CIS Reactivity, 
RACR.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’848 patent was filed on July 10, 2006, 
and claims priority to provisional application No. 60/697,415, filed on 
July 8, 2005. Ex. 1001, codes (22), (60).1 
The ’848 patent states that, “[t]o identify molecular networks, 
information concerning at least two molecular species must be gathered 
since there are at least two molecules involved in any interaction.” 
Ex. 1001, 1:23–25. The ’848 patent describes “[s]everal . . . approaches . . . 
in the art which can be utilized for interaction screening,” including protein 
microarrays, yeast two hybrid system, display techniques such as phage 
 
1 Petitioner and Patent Owner both assume a July 8, 2005, priority date. 
Pet. 11–12 (describing the alleged level of skill of a person of ordinary skill 
in the art “as of July 2005, the earliest possible priority date for the ’848 
patent”); PO Resp. 10 (describing alleged level of ordinary skill in the art 
“before July 8, 2005”). For purposes of this Decision, we apply a July 8, 
2005, priority date. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
4 
display, DNA templated synthesis (DTS), and proximity ligation. Id. at 
1:57–5:13. 
1. DNA Templated Synthesis (DTS) 
The ’848 patent teaches that “[i]n DTS, two molecules are forced 
together by using nucleic acids to allow the molecules to interact to a higher 
degree than if they were not brought in proximity,” for instance when “one 
of the molecules forced together is attached to a ‘template’ nucleic acid 
which specifically directs the second compound by direct hybridization of 
the nucleic acid attached to the second molecule.” Ex. 1001, 3:46–53. 
The ’848 patent states, however, that in at least one example of a 
DTS-based method, “the ‘template’ nucleic acid contains both tags used to 
identify the compounds which are forced together”; thus, “[t]o create 
interactions between all members of a library with n members with this 
approach, the number of ‘template’ oligonucleotides which have to be 
synthesized are in the range of n2/2, since one specific oligonucleotide has 
to be synthesized for each individual interaction on the library.” Id. at 
3:53–60. The ’848 patent further notes that, in this DTS approach, “the link 
between nucleic acid identification tag and the molecules in the interaction 
depend on correct hybridization of one tag molecule to the template nucleic 
acid. If any cross hybridization occurs then the link between the tag and the 
identity of the interaction is unreliable.” Id. at 4:5–10. 
2. Proximity Ligation 
The ’848 patent states that, according to the proximity ligation 
method, 
targets are detected by utilizing two or more binders, e.g. 
antibodies, with known affinity to the target. The method 
is based upon the co-localization of the binder pair in the 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
5 
presence of a target. This target brings the binders into 
proximity, enabling ligation of nucleic acids located on the 
binder pair. Thus the joining of the nucleic acid becomes 
elevated in the presence of the target molecule. The 
nucleic acid can subsequently be quantified and the 
amount of nucleic acid corresponds to the amount of 
target. 
Ex. 1001, 4:29–38. 
The ’848 patent notes that an embodiment of the prior art proximity 
ligation method “aims at detection of a defined target.” Ex. 1001, 4:39–40. 
The ’848 patent states that, thus, 
[a]ll the affinities in the system are known and there is 
always at least one molecule, the target, which does not 
have a nucleic acid attached to it. Moreover, the [method] 
utilizes two or more binders which bind their unlabelled 
analyte pair-wise in a predefined manner. Several pairs 
might be used in the same reaction but they are always 
analyzed in a target specific pair wise fashion, not in a 
combinatorial fashion. 
Id. at 4:40–47. 
3. The Asserted Invention 
The ’848 patent states that its invention is “directed to methods for 
discovering, as well as detecting molecular interaction networks such as 
affinity interactions or functional interactions, e.g., enzymes-substrate 
pairs.” Ex. 1001, 5:22–25. 
The ’848 patent teaches tagging “[e]ach molecule of interest (MOI) in 
[a] library . . . with . . . a nucleic acid moiety (NAM)” comprising “an 
identification sequence element and an association element,” in order to 
form “interactors.” Ex. 1001, 5:35–37, 6:7–11. An annotated version of 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
6 
Fig. 4(B) of the ’848 patent, which appears in the Petition, is reproduced 
below: 
 
Pet. 1. The annotated Fig. 4(B) provides a schematic depiction of two 
interactors and is annotated to show the molecules of interest (the potential 
kinase K and the potential substrate S, in orange), as well as the association 
elements (in purple) and identification sequence elements (in blue) that 
together form the NAM. Id. 
The ’848 patent teaches detecting functional interactions between 
molecules of interest by binding interactors in proximity to each other based 
on the affinity between their NAMs to form “cis-reactive cells”; subjecting 
these cis-reactive cells to conditions that stimulate a desired functional 
interaction having a detectable trace; selecting the cis-reactive cells 
exhibiting the trace, and analyzing the oligonucleotides associated with the 
selected cells to detect the identification sequence elements derived from the 
NAMs. Ex. 1001, 6:4–23. 
The ’848 patent states that, in contrast to the DTS method, in its 
invention “nucleic acid encoding the tags to identify both members of the 
interaction are formed upon joining of the two molecules,” such that the 
number of oligonucleotides required to investigate all interactions in a 
library of n members is in the order of n, rather than n2/2. Ex. 1001, 3:61–
66. The ’848 patent further states that in its invention “the link between the 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
7 
identification sequences in the associated nucleic acid molecule and the 
phenotype of the molecule is more effectively maintained.” Id. at 4:11–15. 
The ’848 patent states that its invention differs from proximity ligation in 
that it does not rely on molecules with predefined affinities. Id. at 4:48–
5:13. 
E. Overview of Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–20 of the ’848 patent. Claim 1, 
reproduced below, is the sole independent claim: 
1. A method of detecting functional interactions between at least 
two molecules of interest, the method comprising: 
a. forming a plurality of interactors by coupling each molecule of 
interest with at least one nucleic acid moiety, the nucleic acid 
moiety comprising an identification sequence element and an 
association element; 
b. forming a plurality of cis-reactive cells wherein a cis-reactive 
cell comprises at least two interactors bound in proximity to 
one another by an associated oligonucleotide formed from the 
association between at least two nucleic acid moieties, wherein 
the associated oligonucleotide comprises at least two 
identification elements derived from the at least two nucleic 
acid moieties; 
c. subjecting the plurality of cis-reactive cells to conditions which 
stimulate a desired functional interaction having a detectable 
trace; 
d. selecting all cis-reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace; 
and 
e. subjecting the associated oligonucleotides from the cis-reactive 
cells selected in step (d) to an analysis that permits detection of 
the at least two identification sequence elements. 
Ex. 1001, 41:37–58. 
Claims 2, 3, 19, and 20 recite additional limitations regarding the 
selection of cis-reactive cells. Ex. 1001, 41:59–67, 44:11–19. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
8 
Claim 4 further recites “enhancing the selected associated 
oligonucleotides by PCR amplification.” Ex. 1001, 42:36–39. 
Claims 5–10 recite additional limitations regarding the molecules of 
interest and/or the identification sequence elements. Ex, 1001, 42:40–43:2. 
Claim 11 further recites “quantifying the functional interactions.” 
Ex. 1001, 43:3–6. 
Claims 12–15 recites additional limitations regarding the analysis 
permitting detection of the identification sequence elements. Ex. 1001, 
43:7–19. 
Claim 16 and 17 recite additional limitations regarding the association 
between NAMs that forms the associated oligonucleotide binding interactors 
in proximity. Ex. 1001, 43:20–44:3. 
Claim 18 recites additional limitations regarding the conditions for 
stimulating the functional interaction. Ex. 1001, 44:4–10. 
F. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts the following grounds of unpatentability (Pet. 2–3): 
Ground 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C §2 Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–15, 17–20 
103(a) 
Kanan,3 Neri4 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 
Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. § 103, effective March 16, 
2013. Because the ’848 patent has an effective filing date before March 16, 
2013, the pre-AIA version of § 103 applies. Our decision, however, would 
be the same under either version. 
3 Matthew W. Kanan et al., Reaction Discovery Enabled by DNA-Templated 
Synthesis and In Vitro Selection, 431 NATURE 545 (2004) (Ex. 1010, 
“Kanan” & Ex. 1013, “Kanan Suppl.”). 
4 Neri et al., US 2004/0014090 A1, published Jan. 22, 2004 (Ex. 1011, 
“Neri”). 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
9 
Ground 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C §2 Reference(s)/Basis 
2 
16 
103(a) 
Kanan, Neri, Famulok5 
3 
1–8, 11, 12 
103(a) 
Baez,6 Landegren7 
4 
14, 15 
103(a) 
Baez, Landegren, 
Freskard8 
Petitioner relies on supporting evidence including the declarations of 
Norman C. Nelson, Ph.D. (Ex. 1005, “Nelson Declaration” and Ex. 1051, 
“Second Nelson Declaration”). Patent Owner relies on supporting evidence 
including the declaration of Dr. Bradley L. Pentelute (Ex. 2008, “Pentelute 
Declaration”). 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Principles of Law 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (2012) (requiring inter partes 
review petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports 
the grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion 
never shifts to Patent Owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l 
Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (discussing the burden 
 
5 Michael Famulok, Bringing Picomolar Protein Detection into Proximity, 
20 NATURE BIOTECHNOLOGY 448 (2002) (Ex. 1012, “Famulok”). 
6 Baez et al., US 6,511,809 B2, issued Jan. 28, 2003 (Ex. 1003, “Baez”). 
7 Landegren et al., WO 01/61037 A1, published Aug. 23, 2001 (Ex. 1004, 
“Landegren”). 
8 Freskgard et al., WO 2005/003778 A2, published Jan. 13, 2005 (Ex. 1009, 
“Freskgard”). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
10 
of proof in inter partes review). To prevail, Petitioner must demonstrate 
unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the differences 
between the subject matter sought to be patented and the prior art are such 
that the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said 
subject matter pertains. See KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of 
nonobviousness, if any. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 
(1966). 
An obviousness determination requires finding a reason to combine 
the asserted prior art teachings, accompanied by a reasonable expectation of 
achieving what is claimed in the challenged patent. See Intelligent Bio-Sys., 
Inc. v. Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
“[A]ny need or problem known in the field of endeavor at the time of 
invention and addressed by the patent can provide a reason for combining 
the elements in the manner claimed.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 419–20. 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
We consider the grounds of unpatentability in view of the 
understanding of a person of ordinary skill in the art (sometimes referred to 
herein as “POSA” or “skilled artisan”) as of July 8, 2005. See supra 3, n.1. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
11 
The parties’ competing definitions for the level of skill of a person of 
ordinary skill in the art are set forth below: 
 
Petitioner 
Patent Owner 
A POSA as of July 2005 . . . 
would have “(a) an advanced 
degree, such as a Ph.D., in organic 
chemistry, molecular biology, 
biochemistry, or a related field; 
and at least two years of 
experience in industry and/or 
laboratory experience relating to 
small molecules and proteins and 
would have been familiar with 
nucleic acid chemistry and 
conventional hybridization 
techniques; and (b) access to one 
or more team members having an 
advanced degree, such as a Ph.D., 
in organic chemistry, molecular 
biology, biochemistry, or a related 
field; and at least two years of 
experience in industry and/or 
laboratory experience relating to 
high throughput screening 
techniques such as nucleic acid 
sequencing.” . . . A person could 
also have qualified as a POSA 
with less formal education and 
more technical or professional 
experience. 
 
Pet. 11–12 (quoting Ex. 1005 
¶ 25). 
Before July 8, 2005, a person of 
ordinary skill in the art (POSA) 
would have had an advance 
degree, such as a Ph.D. in 
chemistry, organic chemistry, 
biochemistry, biotechnology, 
molecular biology, or a related 
discipline, with about 2 years of 
experience in laboratory research 
involving small molecule, 
proteins, nucleic acid chemistry, 
and hybridization techniques. A 
POSA would have had familiarity 
with high throughput assays, such 
as screening and sequencing 
techniques. A POSA may also 
have had less formal education and 
more years of technical or 
professional experience. 
 
PO Resp. 10 (citing Ex. 2008 
¶¶ 79–80 (citations omitted)). 
 
 
 
The primary difference between Patent Owner’s and Petitioner’s 
proposals appears to be whether a POSA should have had “familiarity with 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
12 
high throughput assays,” or whether they merely needed “access to one or 
more team members” with such experience. Pet. 11–12; PO Resp. 10.9 
Neither party has made any arguments that turns on this distinction.10 
Indeed, Dr. Nelson and Dr. Pentelute agree that their definitions of a POSA 
are similar, and that they would have reached the same conclusions had they 
applied the definition proposed by the other. Ex. 1051 ¶ 6; Ex. 2008 ¶ 80. 
Furthermore, describing a person of ordinary skill as part of a “team” is not 
per se impermissible, so long as testimony relating to issues of obviousness 
is offered from the vantage point of the ordinarily skilled artisan. Indivior 
Inc. v. Dr. Reddy’s Labs., S.A., 930 F.3d 1325, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2019) 
(finding no clear error in the district court’s determination that “a person of 
ordinary skill would principally have a background in pharmaceutical 
 
9 Petitioner argues that “PO defined a POSA differently from Petitioner by 
including a person with a Ph.D. in organic chemistry, . . . likely to include 
PO’s expert Dr. Pentelute.” Reply 3. However, Petitioner’s proposal of a 
person of ordinary skill in the art also includes a person with a Ph.D. in 
organic chemistry, so long as they also meet the other requirements set forth 
in the definition. Pet. 11–12. 
10 Petitioner argues that Dr. Pentelute did not qualify as POSA at the 
relevant time because his Ph.D. is from 2008, and he lacks pre-2006 
publications.” Id. (citing Ex. 1048, 35:15–19, 185:6–9; Ex. 2010). Patent 
Owner asserts that Petitioner’s allegation is “legally and factually wrong.” 
Sur-reply 11, n.2. We note that Petitioner did not move to strike any portion 
of Dr. Pentelute’s opinion. Furthermore, even assuming Dr. Pentelute was 
not a POSA in July 2005 as defined above, an expert need not be a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention to offer expert testimony 
from the vantage point of a skilled artisan. Osseo Imaging, LLC v. 
Planmeca USA Inc., 116 F.4th 1335, 1341 (Fed. Cir. 2024) (holding that “an 
expert can acquire the necessary skill level later and develop an 
understanding of what a person of ordinary skill knew at the time of the 
invention”). 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
13 
science or chemistry but ‘would be on a team with an engineer or scientist 
with one to three years of relevant experience’”). 
Accordingly, for purposes of this decision we adopt Petitioner’s 
proposal of a person of ordinary skill in the art, with the following changes 
noted in italics below: 
A person with “an advanced degree, such as a Ph.D., in 
organic chemistry, molecular biology, biochemistry, or a 
related field; and about two years of experience in industry 
and/or laboratory experience relating to small molecules 
and proteins and would have been familiar with nucleic 
acid chemistry and conventional hybridization techniques; 
and (b) access to one or more team members having an 
advanced degree, such as a Ph.D., in organic chemistry, 
molecular biology, biochemistry, or a related field; and 
about two years of experience in industry and/or 
laboratory experience relating to high throughput 
screening techniques such as nucleic acid sequencing. A 
person could also have qualified as a POSA with less 
formal education and more technical or professional 
experience.11 
 
We emphasize, however, that our decision would not change if we 
instead used Patent Owner’s proposed definition of a POSA. 
C. Claim Construction 
In AIA proceedings we construe claims “using the same claim 
construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a civil 
action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). Therefore, we 
 
11 As noted in our Institution Decision, which otherwise applied Petitioner’s 
then-uncontested proposal for the level of ordinary skill, the open-ended 
language “at least” expands the range of experience indefinitely with no 
upper bound. Inst. Dec. 10–11. We therefore did not apply that aspect of 
Petitioner’s definition in our Institution Decision, id., and do not apply it 
here. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
14 
construe the challenged claims under the framework set forth in Phillips v. 
AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–19 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). Under this 
framework, claim terms are given their ordinary and customary meaning, as 
would be understood by a person of ordinary skill in the art, at the time of 
the invention, in light of the language of the claims, the specification, and 
the prosecution history of record. Id. 
Petitioner states that, “[f]or Grounds 1 and 2, the claims are assumed 
to be given their plain and ordinary meaning based on the understanding of a 
POSA” and that, “[f]or Grounds 3 and 4, the claim terms are given meaning 
based on PO’s application of the claims in related litigation with Petitioner.” 
Pet. 12–13 (citing Exs. 1007, 1008, 1015). 
Patent Owner did not address claim construction in the Preliminary 
Response, except to argue that the claim construction analysis in the Petition 
is deficient under 37 C.F.R. § 42.104(b)(3). Prelim. Resp. 11–14. 
In our Institution Decision, we preliminarily determined, based on the 
record existing at the time, that it was unnecessary to more explicitly 
construe any claim term to decide whether Grounds 1 and 2 satisfies the 
“reasonable likelihood” standard for instituting trial. Inst. Dec. 12–13. 
Because we determined that Petitioner had met its burden under 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.104(b)(3) for Grounds 1 and 2 and also demonstrated a reasonable 
likelihood that at least one challenged claim of the ’848 patent is 
unpatentable based on those grounds, we did not separately decide the 
sufficiency of Grounds 3 and 4 under 37 C.F.R. § 42.104(b)(3) in our 
Institution Decision. 
In its Response after institution, Patent Owner asserts that “[t]he 
’848 patent provides specific descriptions and definitions of several claim 
terms” consistent with the ordinary and customary meanings of these terms. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
15 
PO Resp. 8. Patent Owner’s proposed constructions for these claim terms 
are reproduced below: 
Claim Term 
PO Proposed Construction 
molecules of 
interest (MOI) 
“a molecule about which interactive information is 
desired” (PO Resp. 8 (quoting Ex. 1001, 8:53–62)) 
 
nucleic acid 
moiety (NAM) 
comprising an 
identification 
sequence 
element and an 
association 
element 
 
a moiety comprising “at least one unique identification 
nucleic acid sequence so that detection of that sequence 
infers involvement of the coupled MOI” and “at least 
one element which enables association with other 
NAMs” (PO Resp. 8 (quoting Ex. 1001, 8:41–52)) 
interactor 
“at least one MOI coupled with at least one NAM” (PO 
Resp. 9 (quoting Ex. 1001, 9:33–34)) 
 
cis-reactive 
cell (CRC) 
“an association of at least two interactor moieties, joined 
by an associated oligonucleotide” (PO Resp. 9 (quoting 
Ex. 1001, 9:35-37)) 
 
selecting all 
cis-reactive 
cells 
“[t]o detect functional interactions in a pool of CRCs the 
CRCs which display functional interactions must be 
selected for detection and/or analysis” (PO Resp. 9 
(quoting ex. 1001, 19:41–43 with emphasis added)) 
 
“selecting all of the molecules meeting the defined 
criteria for CRCs and exhibiting the detectable trace” 
(Sur-reply 8 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 94, 98–119)) 
 
 
Patent Owner asserts that “[c]laim terms not addressed above should 
also be given their ordinary and customary meaning.” PO Resp. 10. 
In response, Petitioner did not advance additional explicit 
constructions (other than “plain and ordinary meaning”) but argues that 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
16 
Patent Owner’s construction of the term “selecting all cis-reactive cells” 
“ignores that ‘selecting’ can be a process, consistent with the dependent 
claims and the specification’s disclosure of ‘selecting’ procedures.” 
Reply 5. During the hearing, Petitioner’s counsel affirmed that “the plain 
and ordinary meaning is what’s been provided” but clarified as follows: 
[W]hen we’re looking at what the plain and 
ordinary meaning of selection is, . . . [t]here can be a 
process that’s involved in it. There can be a step of 
identifying it . . . . 
The ultimate goal . . . is a method of detecting 
functional interactions between at least two molecules of 
interest. And so, in Step D, you have to select all cis-
reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace, and then 
Step E is subjecting the associated oligonucleotides from 
the cis-reactive cells selected in Step D to an analysis that 
permits detection of the at least two identification 
sequence elements. 
So, when we're looking at selecting, the goal is to 
be able to, like in the Kanan workflow, to be able to see 
those two identification sequences so that you can identify 
it. 
Tr. 57:1–19. 
Because the parties have placed the limitation “selecting all cis-
reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace” into controversy, we construe 
the term below, but only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy. 
See Realtime Data, LLC v. Iancu, 912 F.3d 1368, 1375 (Fed. Cir. 2019) 
(“The Board is required to construe ‘only those terms . . . that are in 
controversy, and only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’”) 
(quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 
(Fed. Cir. 1999)). 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
17 
1. “Selecting all cis-reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace” 
For the reasons discussed below, we agree with Patent Owner that the 
plain and ordinary meaning of this phrase, in light of the language of the 
claims, the Specification, and the prosecution history of record, requires 
“selecting all of the [molecular complexes or structures] meeting the defined 
criteria for [cis-reactive cells (CRCs)] and exhibiting the detectable trace.” 
Sur-reply 8 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 94, 98–119). We further agree that cis-
reactive cells should be construed to mean “an association of at least two 
interactor moieties, joined by an associated oligonucleotide.” (PO Resp. 9 
(quoting Ex. 1001, 9:35-37)). Accordingly, we determine that, properly 
construed, the claims require that what is “selected” at step 1(d) — what is 
differentiated or set apart from other molecular complexes or structures in 
the reaction mixture at the conclusion of step 1(d) — to be “an association of 
at least two interactor moieties joined by an associated oligonucleotide” that 
exhibits the detectable trace. 
We begin with “the context in which a term is used in the asserted 
claim,” which can be “highly instructive.” Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1314. 
In this case, claim 1 recites, among other things, “forming a plurality 
of cis-reactive cells wherein a cis-reactive cell comprises at least two 
interactors bound in proximity to one another by an associated 
oligonucleotide.” Ex. 1001, 41:4–49. The claim then recites “subjecting 
these formed cis-reactive cells to conditions which stimulate a desired 
functional interaction having a detectable trace”; “selecting all cis-reactive 
cells exhibiting the detectable trace”; and then “subjecting the associated 
oligonucleotides from the cis-reactive cells selected in step (d) to an 
analysis.” Id. at 50–58. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
18 
The above claim language strongly implies that, although it is the 
associated oligonucleotides that are subjected to analysis, it is the larger 
molecular complexes, i.e., the cis-reactive cells as defined in the 
Specification and formed in step 1(b), that are selected based on the plain 
language of the claim. See also Sur-Reply 7–8 (arguing that “the claim 
language itself ‘expressly defines CRCs with specific criteria ‘compris[ing] 
at least two interactors bound in proximity to one another by an associated 
oligonucleotide formed from the association between at least two nucleic 
acid moieties’”). 
The claim language likewise suggests that the cis-reactive cells retain 
their basic structure (i.e., “an association of at least two interactor moieties 
joined by an associated oligonucleotide”), because step 1(e), subsequent to 
step 1(d), requires analysis of the associated oligonucleotides from the 
selected cis-reactive cells. Thus, the claim language does not merely require 
that a method ultimately allows the identification sequences in the cis-
reactive cells of interest to be detected or determined; the method must do so 
by first selecting the cis-reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace 
indicative of a functional interaction. 
Dependent claims 2, 3, and 19 further recite that “selecting” may be 
accomplished via “selective separation or selective detection of the cis-
reactive cells,” including by “labeling the cis-reactive cells with an affinity 
agent, or via “affinity purification.” Ex. 1001, 41:59–67, 44:11–14 
(emphasis added). These dependent claims also support the construction 
that it is the cis-reactive cells, rather than merely some portion thereof, that 
are selected, whether by separation or detection. 
We next turn to the Specification, which “is always highly relevant to 
the claim construction analysis.” Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1315 (quoting 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
19 
Vitronics Corp. v. Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1582 (Fed. Cir. 1996). 
The Specification defines a “cis reactive cell” as “an association of at least 
two interactor moieties, joined by an associated oligonucleotide.” Ex. 1001, 
9:35–38. See Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1316 (explaining that “the specification 
may reveal a special definition given to a claim term by the patentee,” in 
which case “the inventor’s lexicography governs”). This definition is 
consistent with the claims that recite forming cis-reactive cells that 
“comprise[] at least two interactors bound in proximity to one another by an 
associated nucleotide,” and further supports the construction of step 1(d) as 
selecting for the “association of at least two interactor moieties” that are 
“joined by an associated oligonucleotide” and that exhibits the detectable 
trace indicative of the desired functional interaction. 
A comparison of the two main embodiments disclosed in the 
Specification provides further support that what must be “selected” in step 
1(d) is “an association of at least two interactor moieties, joined by an 
associated oligonucleotide.” 
In particular, the embodiment directed to “a method of detecting an 
affinity interaction between at least two molecules of interest” recites a step 
of “selecting the plurality of associated oligonucleotide” that comprises “at 
least two identification sequence elements derived from the at least two 
nucleic acid moieties of two interactors.” Ex. 1001, 5:50–53. This is in 
contrast to the claimed embodiment of a method of detecting functional 
interaction between at least two molecules of interest, in which what is 
selected is “all cis-reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace” rather than 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
20 
the associated oligonucleotide.12 Id. at 6:4–23. Although in both cases the 
associated oligonucleotide will be analyzed to detect the at least two 
sequence elements identifying the interacting molecules of interest, the 
Specification distinguishes between what is selected in the two embodiments 
— i.e., cis-reactive cells in methods of detecting functional interactions, 
versus associated oligonucleotide in methods of detecting affinity 
interactions. See also Sur-reply 9 (discussing similar distinction in the 
original claims directed to methods of detection affinity and functional 
interactions). 
Petitioner argues that Patent Owner “improperly construes ‘selecting’ 
as a single capture event” and “ignores that ‘selecting’ can be a process, 
consistent with the dependent claims and the specification of ‘selecting’ 
procedures.” Reply 5–6. 
Petitioner first argues the dependent claims indicate that “‘selecting’ 
may occur in different procedures, such as . . . ‘selective separation,’ 
 
12 Although functional interactions may include affinity interactions, they 
also include other types of interactions. Compare Ex. 1001, 14:48–51 
(defining affinity interactions as “interactions between two or more 
molecules that induce a non-random distribution of these molecules in a 
solution comprising these molecules), with id. at 15:31–36 (defining 
functional interactions as “interactions between molecules where the nature 
of at least one of the partners which participate in the interaction deviates 
from the nature of that partner when the other participant(s) of the functional 
interaction is/are present in conditions permitting the functional interaction” 
and noting that “[f]unctional interactions may include an affinity 
interaction”). Thus, we do not consider methods of detecting affinity and 
functional interactions to necessarily be equivalent, particular in view of the 
Specification and prosecution history, which describes the two methods as 
distinct embodiments. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
21 
‘selective detection,’ ‘affinity separation,’ or allowing for ‘modification 
[that] permits the selective detection.” Reply 6. 
We are not persuaded.13 A construction requiring the molecular 
complex or structure selected in step 1(d) to be (1) a CRC (i.e., an 
association of at least two interactor moieties joined by an associated 
oligonucleotide) and (2) exhibiting the detectable trace does not preclude the 
use of any of the methods enumerated in the dependent claims or the 
Specification (e.g., “selective separation,” “selective detection,” “affinity 
purification,” “labeling the cis-reactive cells with an affinity reagent,” and 
“introducing a modified molecule wherein the modification permits the 
selective detection”). 
In particular, the Specification states: 
As used herein, a “filter” or a “filtering process” is the 
means employed to selectively separate the desired CRCs. 
Nonlimiting examples of filters for functional interactions 
include: affinity purification of the form which has 
undergone alteration in the functional interaction; 
detection of the CRCs by labelling with affinity reagents 
which detect interactors which are included in the 
functional interaction; and introduction of a modified 
molecule which becomes incorporated by the functional 
interaction where the modification permits selective 
detection. Downstream of the filtering process of CRCs 
 
13 To the extent Petitioner’s arguments are directed not to claim construction 
per se, but to how Patent Owner applies the construction in responding to 
Petitioner’s grounds of invalidity, we address the arguments in Section 
II.D.3 below. Cf. Biotec Bologische Naturverpackungen GmbH & Co. KG 
v. Biocorp, Inc., 249 F.3d 1341, 1349 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (determining that, in a 
method including a “melting” step, “[t]he issue in dispute was the 
application of the melting step in the accused process, a factual question”). 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
22 
the compositions of associated NAMs are detected and/or 
quantified. 
Ex. 1001, 19:46–57 (emphases added). 
This description of selection supports our construction of the 
“selecting” step as directed to CRCs, rather than some alternative molecular 
complex or structure that may be derived from CRCs, but that do not meet 
the Specification’s definition of CRCs. First, the description makes clear 
that it is the CRCs that are selected and that the detection of associated 
NAMs occurs only “downstream” of the filtering process, i.e., after the 
CRCs have been selected. This contrasts with Petitioner’s apparent 
argument that step 1(d) is met if it ultimately enables a determination of the 
nucleic acid sequences identifying molecules of interest involved in the 
functional interaction of interest. Tr. 57:1–19 (“So, when we are looking at 
selecting, the goal is to be able to, like in the Kanan workflow, to be able to 
see those two identification sequences so that you can identify it.”). 
Second, the description makes clear that construing the limitation to 
require selection of the CRCs, as that term is defined in the Specification, is 
not inconsistent with the various methods of selection recited in the 
dependent claims or in the Specification. For instance, the Specification 
explains that, as non-limiting examples, affinity purification would be 
suitable for functional interactions that result in a structural change to one of 
the interaction partners (i.e., molecules of interest), including, e.g., adding or 
removing molecules or parts from an interaction partner, where there are 
specific affinity reagents for the added, removed, or altered portions. 
Ex. 1001, 20:10–19. Such affinity purification suggests selection of the 
CRC as a whole (i.e., “an association of at least two interactor moieties, 
joined by an associated oligonucleotide”), because the affinity reagent may 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
23 
be for any portion of the molecules of interest altered by the functional 
interaction. 
Likewise, although the Specification explains that conditional 
detection of the NAMs could also be used to filter (i.e., selectively separate) 
the desired CRCs, Ex. 1001, 20:25–27, the Specification does not suggest 
that such conditional detection is of the NAMs other than as part of a CRC. 
See, e.g., id. at 20:27–30 (explaining that, “[i]f the detection output is 
coupled to the result of the interaction, for example, with an affinity reagent 
for the modification, only the CRCs with positive interaction pairs will be 
detected”) (emphasis added). 
The Specification provides another example of conditional detection 
where the CRCs are hybridized to a DNA oligonucleotide tag array where 
all possible combinations of identification sequences in the library are 
present and spatially separated, which is then stained with a labelled affinity 
reagent specific for the interaction. Ex. 1001, 20:31–36. The Specification 
notes explicitly that “[t]his approach requires that the MOIs are present 
during detection,” which again supports a construction that construing step 
1(d) requires selection of the CRC is consistent with the selective detection 
recited in dependent claim 2. 
Petitioner argues that the above embodiment shows that “selecting” 
may include “multiple procedures — first, hybridizing to a DNA 
oligonucleotide tag array and, second, staining with a labelled affinity 
reagent.” Reply Br. 6. Petitioner contends that Patent Owner’s construction 
of the phrase further improperly excludes embodiments disclosed in the 
Specification, because it precludes modification of CRCs in the process of 
selection. Id. at 2, 8 (citing Ex. 1001, 19:3–20:46, 30:11–41, 30:56–67). 
Petitioner argues that, for instance, the Specification describes “selecting” as 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
24 
including “selective amplification of the different NAM combination,” 
which “unbinds the interactors during the process,” as well as “remov[al of] 
molecules or parts from one of the interaction partners.” Id. at 8 (citing 
Ex. 1048, 88:17–22, Ex. 1051 ¶¶ 31–33, Ex. 1001, 19:43–46, 20:10–16). 
However, requiring selection of “an association of at least two 
interactor moieties joined by an associated oligonucleotide” (that exhibits 
the detectable trace) is not inconsistent with either a multi-step selection 
process or a process that results in modification of the CRC. Nothing in 
such a construction requires the CRC to remain unmodified or requires the 
selection to be a single step rather than a process, so long as what is 
ultimately “selected” is “an association of at least two interactor moieties 
joined by an associated oligonucleotide” that exhibits the detectable trace. 
Indeed, the Specification defines functional interaction as one in which “the 
nature of at least one of the partners which participate in the interaction 
deviates from the nature of that partner when the other participant(s) of the 
functional interaction is/are present in conditions permitting the functional 
interaction.” Ex. 1001, 15:31–36. Because the claims require subjecting the 
CRCs in step 1(c) to conditions that stimulate the desired functional 
interaction having a detectable trace, the claim itself suggests that the CRCs 
are modified (e.g., with respect to the nature of at least one of the interaction 
partners and/or the incorporation of the detectable trace). 
Neither are we persuaded by Petitioner’s other arguments. Petitioner 
relies on Dr. Pentelute’s deposition testimony to suggest that “‘selecting’ 
includes ‘selective amplification of the different NAM combination[s].’” 
Reply 8 (citing Ex. 1048, 88:17–22). However, in the portion of the 
transcript cited, Dr. Pentelute is discussing Figure 1, which is a “[s]chematic 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
25 
description of one embodiment for affinity interaction detection.” Ex. 1001, 
6:55–67; see Ex. 1048, 88:17–22. 
As previously noted, the Specification distinguishes between what is 
selected in methods for detecting functional interactions and affinity 
interactions. For example, Figure 2, which describes an embodiment for 
functional interaction detection, describes selection as being “carried out 
with respect to at least one detectable alteration introduced by the functional 
interaction,” before “the selected CRCs are amplified.” Ex. 1001, 7:1–16 
(emphasis added). 
Petitioner further cites to Example 5 of the Specification and 
Dr. Nelson’s discussion of the example to support its claim construction 
argument. We agree with Patent Owner, however, that Example 5 is also an 
embodiment of the method of detecting affinity interaction rather than a 
functional interaction. Sur-reply 10–11. As Patent Owner points out, the 
Specification explains that the reaction detected in Example 5 (thiol 
dimerization) may be viewed as “formation of an affinity interaction with 
infinite affinity.” Sur-reply 10 (citing Ex. 1001, 30:7–8). Although 
Example 5 states that thiol dimerization may also be compared to “a reaction 
screen where reactive compounds are identified,” in the Example, 
dimerization (i.e., the reaction) occurs first, before the NAMs of the 
interacting MOIs are associated by ligation. Ex. 1001, 30:12–23; see also 
Sur-reply 10. This is consistent with the Specification’s description of an 
affinity interaction rather than functional interaction, in which CRCs are 
formed from the affinity between the NAMs before the functional 
interaction occurs. Compare Ex. 1001, 14:57–60, with id. at 15:11–30. 
During oral argument, Petitioner’s counsel argued that, “while Patent 
Owner points to other portions of the specification that talk about whether 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
26 
it’s affinity interactions or other types of interactions that take place that are 
ultimately selected, the word selecting is not – the plain and ordinary 
meaning of selecting does not change depending on . . . what you are 
selecting for.” Tr. 55:15–19. We disagree because the term “selecting” 
cannot be read in a vacuum divorced from the context of the claim. In the 
context of Petitioner’s arguments that Patent Owner’s proposed claim 
construction excludes embodiments disclosed in the Specification, it is 
indeed relevant whether the embodiments allegedly excluded are, in fact, 
claimed. 
Finally, Petitioner argues that Dr. Pentelute concedes that the step of 
selecting the desired CRCs may be a “process” that “can be modified 
according to the nature of the functional interaction that is being 
investigated,” and that the Specification “provides ‘many, many 
possibilities’ for selection.” Reply Br. 6–7 (emphasis original) (citing, e.g., 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 35; Ex. 1048, 73:11–14, 136:23–138:15, 145:7–146:3). Once 
again, however, we are not persuaded that Petitioner has pointed to an 
example in the Specification where what was selected, in a method for 
detecting functional interaction, was a molecular complex or structure other 
than CRCs, or where modification was one that altered the basic structure of 
CRCs as “an association of at least two interactor moieties joined by an 
associated oligonucleotide.” 
2. Conclusion 
Accordingly, we construe the claim phrase “selecting all cis-reactive 
cells exhibiting the detectable trace” to mean “selecting all associations of at 
least two interactor moieties joined by an associated oligonucleotide and 
exhibiting the detectable trace,” where an associated oligonucleotide is 
formed from the combination of two NAMs. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
27 
D. Ground 1: Alleged Obviousness over Kanan and Neri 
1. Overview of Kanan (Ex. 1010) 
Kanan teaches a “reaction discovery approach that uses DNA-
templated organic synthesis and in vitro selection to simultaneously evaluate 
many combinations of different substrates for bond-forming reactions in a 
single solution.” Ex. 1010, 545 (endnotes omitted). In this approach, “two 
pools of DNA-linked substrates [are prepared], with n substrates in pool A 
and m substrates in pool B,” as shown in Kanan’s Figure 1a reproduced 
below: 
 
Id. at 545, 546, Fig. 1. Figure 1(a) depicts “[t]wo pools of DNA-linked 
organic functional groups that associate each of n x m substrate 
combinations with a unique DNA sequence.” Id. at 546, Fig. 1. More 
particularly, 
[e]ach substrate in pool A is covalently linked to the 5’ end 
of a set of DNA oligonucleotides containing one ‘coding 
region’ (uniquely identifying that substrate) and one of m 
different ‘annealing regions’ (Fig. la). Each of the m 
substrates in pool B is attached to the 3’ end of an 
oligonucleotide containing a coding region that uniquely 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
28 
identifies the substrate and complements one of the m 
annealing regions in pool A. 
Id. at 545. 
In Kanan’s approach, “[w]hen pools A and B are combined in a single 
aqueous solution . . . , Watson-Crick base pairings [among DNA 
oligonucleotides] organizes the mixture into n x m discrete pairs of 
substrates attached to complementary sequences,” where “substrates linked 
to non-complementary oligonucleotides . . . do not react with each other at a 
significant rate.” Ex. 1010, 545. Kanan further teaches “covalently 
link[ing] each pool B substrate to its corresponding oligonucleotide by a 
linker containing a biotin group and a disulfide bond [S–S],” as shown in the 
portion of Figure 1(b) reproduced below: 
 
Id. at 545, 546, Fig. 1. The excerpted portion of Figure 1(b) depicts two 
pool A substrates (A12, A6) paired with two pool B substrates (B3, B9) 
through their linked complementary oligonucleotides, where A12 and B3 do 
not form a bond and A6 and B9 do form a bond. Id. at 546, Fig. 1. 
As Kanan explains and as shown in another portion of Figure 1(b) 
reproduced below, “[a]fter incubation under a set of chosen reaction 
conditions, followed by cleavage of the disulphide [sic, disulfide] bonds, 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
29 
only pool A sequences encoding bond formation between a pool A and 
pool B substrate remain covalently linked to biotin”: 
 
Ex. 1010, 545, 546, Fig. 1. The excerpted portion of Figure 1(b) depicts the 
results of cleaving the disulfide bond linking pool B substrates with its 
oligonucleotide, wherein the only oligonucleotide that remains linked to 
biotin are those linked to pool A substrates that form a bond with pool B 
substrates. Id. at 545, 546, Fig. 1. Finally, Kanan teaches that 
“[s]treptavidin affinity selection of the resulting solution separates the 
biotinylated from non-biotinylated sequences,” which allows identification 
of reactive substrate pairs by PCR amplification of the selected sequences 
followed by DNA microarray analysis. Id. at 545. 
Kanan teaches that its “selection-based approach does not depend on 
any specific substrate or product property but instead can identify all 
substrate pairs capable of forming a covalent bond under the reaction 
conditions.” Ex. 1010, 545. 
2. Overview of Neri (Ex. 1011) 
Neri teaches that “[t]he isolation of specific binding molecules (e.g. 
organic molecules) is a central problem in chemistry, biology, and 
pharmaceutical sciences,” for instance because “the isolation of specific 
binders against a relevant biological target typically represents the starting 
point in the process which leads to a new drug.” Ex. 1011 ¶¶ 3, 6. Neri 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
30 
teaches that “[t]ypically, millions of molecules have to be screened, in order 
to find a suitable candidate,” but “[t]he preparation of very large libraries of 
organic molecules is . . . cumbersome,” and “the complexity associated with 
the identification of specific binding molecules from a pool of candidates 
grows with the size of the chemical library to be screened.” Id. ¶ 3. 
As a solution, Neri teaches the use of “self-assembling libraries of 
organic molecules . . . , in which the organic molecules are linked to an 
oligonucleotide which mediates the self-assembly of the library and/or 
provide a code associated to each binding moiety.” Ex. 1011 ¶ 5. Figure 5 
of Neri, partially reproduced below, depicts an example of an assembly of 
two such organic molecules: 
 
Ex. 1011, Fig. 5. The reproduced portion of Figure 5 shows 
oligonucleotides of sub-libraries A and B bearing chemical entity p and q, 
respectively, at their 3’ and 5’ ends. Id. ¶ 29. Neri explains that “[t]owards 
the 3’ extremity, the DNA sequence [of the oligonucleotide of sub-library A] 
is designed to hybridize to the DNA sequences at the 5’ extremity of 
oligonucleotides of sub-library B.” Id. The portions of the oligonucleotides 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
31 
labelled “code A” and “code B” contains a “unique sequence” for each 
member of sub-library A and sub-library B, respectively. Id. 
Neri explains that its “encoded self-assembled chemical library 
(ESACHEL) can be very large (as it originates from the combinatorial self-
assembly of two smaller libraries).” Ex. 1001 ¶ 20; see also id. ¶ 5. Neri’s 
Figure 3, reproduced below, provides a schematic depiction of an example 
ESACHEL: 
 
Id. at Fig. 3. Figure 3 shows n chemical compound-oligonucleotide 
conjugates in pool A that “self assembles” with m chemical compound-
oligonucleotide conjugates in pool B to produce a number of m x n 
combinations. Id. ¶ 27. Neri teaches that “[t]he oligonucleotides of pool A 
are designed to have” “one portion of the DNA sequence which can 
hybridize to compounds of pool B” and “a distinctive DNA sequence for 
each of the n members of [p]ool A.” Ex. 1011 ¶¶ 48–50. The 
oligonucleotides of pool B are similarly designed to have “one portion of the 
DNA sequence which can hybridize to compounds of pool A” and “a 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
32 
distinctive DNA sequence for each of the m members of [p]ool B.” Id. 
¶¶ 53–55. Neri teaches that the identities of binders of interest can be 
obtained after capture using the code associated with each binding moiety. 
Id. ¶ 20; see also id. ¶ 5. 
Neri teaches that, “[a]fter the capture of the desired binding 
specificities on the target of interest, the ‘binding code’ can be decoded by a 
number of experimental techniques, including a modified polymerase chain 
reaction (PCR) technique followed by sequencing. Ex. 1011 ¶ 5. In one 
such decoding strategy, illustrated in Neri’s Figure 5 reproduced below, 
PCR fragments are generated that carry the code of pairs of sub-library 
members whose combinations had the desired binding specificities on the 
target of interest, which allows the corresponding heterodimerized chemical 
entities to be identified. Id. ¶ 112. 
 
As shown above in Figure 5, “[o]ligonucleotides of sub-library B 
remain stably annealed to oligonucleotides of sub-library A, and can work as 
primers for a DNA polymerase reaction on the template A.” Ex. 1011 ¶ 117. 
Neri explains that the DNA segment resulting from this polymerase reaction, 
which carries both code A and code B,” can then be “amplified (typically by 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
33 
PCR) using primers which hybridize at the constant extremities of the DNA 
segment.” Id. 
3. Analysis of Claim 1 
The parties dispute whether the combination of Kanan and Neri 
teaches or suggests claim elements 1(d) and 1(e), and whether an ordinarily 
skilled artisan would have had reason to combine Kanan and Neri to arrive 
at the claimed invention, with a reasonable expectation of success. PO Resp. 
1–2, 20–57; Sur-reply 2. 
a. “Selecting all cis-reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace” 
As discussed above, Kanan teaches that each pool B substrate 
(asserted “molecule of interest”) is linked to its corresponding 
oligonucleotide (asserted “nucleic acid moiety”) by a linker containing a 
biotin group and a disulfide bond. Ex. 1010, 545. Kanan teaches that, 
“[a]fter incubations under a set of chosen reaction conditions, only pool A 
sequences encoding bond formation between a pool A and pool B substrate 
remain covalently linked to biotin.” Id. The portion of Kanan’s Figure 1.b 
excerpted below illustrates this process: 
 
Id. at 546, Fig. 1.b. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
34 
Petitioner asserts that “[t]he bond formation between substrates A and 
B (i.e., the addition of substrate A9 to B6, [above]) would be considered the 
functional interaction between the substrates,” and “[t]he biotin linked to the 
newly bound substrates is the detectable trace.” Pet. 34 (citing Ex. 1005 
¶ 119). Petitioner further asserts that “Kanan discloses that after bond 
formation ‘[s]treptavidin affinity selection of the resulting solution separates 
biotinylated from non-biotinylated sequences,’” Id. at 35. Petitioner argues 
that “[t]he use of the biotin-streptavidin capture would allow selection of 
only the bond-forming combinations, i.e., demonstrate the detectable trace,” 
which a POSA would have understood as ‘selecting all cis-reactive cells 
exhibiting the detectable trace.’” Id. at 34–35 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶ 124). 
In the Reply, Petitioner provides the following visualization of “[t]he 
associated oligonucleotides from the selected CRCs exhibiting a detectable 
trace”: 
 
Reply 9. 
Patent Owner argues that “a critical feature in the Kanan reference . . . 
requires cleaving an oligonucleotide before any selecting occurs,” which 
“results in severing one of the two alleged interactors, and thus destroying 
the cis-reactive cells, all before any selection occurs.” PO Resp. 2, see also 
id. at 11–13, 20–28. In other words, Patent Owner argues that the above 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
35 
figure from Petitioner’s Reply, as representative of Kanan’s teaching, does 
not depict a selected CRC exhibiting a detectable trace. 
We agree that Petitioner has not shown that the combination of Kanan 
and Neri teaches “selecting all cis-reactive cells exhibiting the detectable 
trace,” as we have construed that phrase above. In particular, we determine 
that, properly construed, the limitation requires the selection of “all 
associations of at least two interactor moieties joined by an associated 
oligonucleotide and exhibiting the detectable trace.” Instead, as described in 
Kanan, what is “selected” is the molecules of interest joined by bond 
formation, with only one of the molecules of interest coupled to a nucleic 
acid moiety. Thus, the selected molecular complex or structure does not 
comprise two interactors (i.e., two molecules of interest coupled to NAMs). 
Moreover, to the extent there are two interactors, they are joined by the bond 
between the molecules of interest rather than an associated oligonucleotide. 
Petitioner argues in the Reply that Patent Owner improperly “[h]yper-
focus[es] on a single event within Kanan’s selection process,” i.e., the 
streptavidin affinity selection. Reply 5. Petitioner argues that Kanan 
describes a procedure for “selecting all cis-reactive cells exhibiting the 
detectable trace,” as that phrase is properly construed, “including disulfide 
bond cleavage and streptavidin capture.” Reply Br. 7 (emphasis added). 
Petitioner argues that, “[w]hile PO is correct that Kanan removes pool B 
oligonucleotides before microarray analysis, PO is incorrect that the two 
interactors be unmodified or bound in proximity throughout the entire 
selection process.” Id. at 10. 
As an initial matter, we agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner only 
identified the biotin-streptavidin capture as the “selection” step in the 
Petition. Sur-reply 3–7; Pet. 34–35 (“The use of the biotin-streptavidin 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
36 
capture would allow selection of only the bond-forming combinations, i.e., 
demonstrate the detectable trace, which a POSA would have understood as 
‘selecting all cis-reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace.’”); Ex. 1005 
¶¶ 121–124. To the extent disulfide cleavage was discussed, it was in the 
context of step (c), as part of the “conditions which stimulate desired 
functional interaction having a detectable trace.” Pet. 33. 
Because Petitioner may not change its theory of the case during trial 
from the one presented in the Petition, Petitioner must explain why the 
relied-upon biotin-streptavidin capture meets step 1(d), rather than 
attempting to point to another or an additional portion of Kanan not 
described in the Petition to meet this limitation. See Intelligent Bio-Systems, 
821 F.3d at 1369 (explaining that “[i]t is of the utmost importance that 
petitioners in the IPR proceedings adhere to the requirement that the initial 
petition identify ‘with particularity’ the ‘evidence that supports the grounds 
for the challenge to each claim” and holding that “the Board did not err in 
refusing the reply brief as improper . . . because [Appellant] relied on an 
entirely new rationale to explain why one of skill in the art would have been 
motivated to combine” the asserted prior art); Arctic Cat Inc. v. Polaris 
Industries, Inc., 795 Fed. Appx. 827, 833 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (holding that “the 
Board did not misapply the law by requiring [petitioner] to prove the facts 
that it alleged”). We find Petitioner has not persuasively done so for the 
reasons discussed above. 
We also agree with Patent Owner that, even if we were to consider the 
disulfide cleavage as part of the selection process, Petitioner has not 
adequately explained when and how “all cis-reactive cells exhibiting the 
detectable trace” were “select[ed]” at any point during the process. Ex. 
1001, 41:53–54; Sur-reply 13. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
37 
As we understand Petitioner’s argument, prior to the disulfide 
cleavage, the reaction solution contains all cis-reactive cells (i.e., A and B 
substrates joined by the association sequences of their respective nucleic 
acid moieties and any additional association resulting from polymerization). 
All of the cis-reactive cells comprise a biotin bound to the substrates from 
library B, but only some comprise the asserted functional interaction (i.e., 
bond formation between substrates A and B). Petitioner’s argument appears 
to be that the disulfide cleavage and the streptavidin capture “selects” the 
cis-reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace because the disulfide 
cleavage allows the streptavidin to capture only those biotin linked to the 
bound substrates, which is the alleged detectable trace. 
As Patent Owner notes, however, the disulfide cleavage itself applies 
to all cis-reactive cells regardless of whether there has been a functional 
interaction between the molecules of interest. Sur-reply 13. Indeed, it is not 
clear that, prior to the disulfide cleavage, there are cis-reactive cells 
exhibiting a “detectable” trace, because, prior to the cleavage, the alleged 
“detectable trace” — i.e., “the biotin linked to the newly bound substrates” 
— cannot detectably distinguish between cis-reactive cells in which a 
functional reaction has occurred and those in which the reaction has not 
occurred. Pet. 34; Tr. 15:25–16:6 (explaining that if no disulfide cleavage 
takes place, all substrate pairs in Kanan, regardless of bond formation, will 
bind to streptavidin). However, once the disulfide bond has been cleaved, 
one of the molecules of interest is no longer coupled to a nucleic acid 
moiety, and the molecular complex or structure no longer comprises two 
interactor moieties, and thus do not meet the definition of a cis-reactive cell. 
Likewise, to the extent two interactors may be considered to be present, they 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
38 
are joined by the bond between the molecules of interest rather than by an 
associated oligonucleotide as required. 
To the extent Petitioner’s argument is that any step or steps enabling 
detection of the identification sequences in a cis-reactive cell comprising 
bond-forming molecules of interest reads on step 1(d), we are not persuaded 
for the reasons discussed above in our claim construction analysis. 
b. Other arguments 
Because we find Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that the combination of Kanan and Neri discloses a method of 
detecting functional interactions comprising a step of “selecting all cis-
reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace,” we find that it has not met its 
burden of showing that claim 1 would have been obvious over the 
combination of Kanan and Neri. Accordingly, we need not reach Patent 
Owner’s additional arguments that Kanan in view of Neri does not disclose 
step 1(e) (“subjecting the associated oligonucleotides from the cis-reactive 
cells selected in step (d) to an analysis that permits detection of the at least 
two identification sequence elements”) or that Petitioner has not shown an 
ordinarily skilled artisan would have had reason to combine Kanan and Neri 
to arrive at the method of claim 1, with a reasonable expectation of success. 
4. Conclusion as to Ground 1 
We determine that Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of 
evidence, that claim 1 would have been obvious over Kanan and Neri. 
Because claims 2–15 and 17–20 depend from claim 1, we find that Petitioner 
also has not shown these claims would have been obvious over Kanan and 
Neri for the same reasons discussed with respect to claim 1. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
39 
E. Ground 2: Alleged Obviousness over Kanan, Neri, and Famulok 
1. Overview of Famulok (Ex. 1012) 
Famulok teaches that “[t]he ability to monitor slight differences in the 
amounts of proteins and other biomolecules within the smallest possible 
detection volumes . . . is of utmost importance not only for proteomics 
research but also for diagnostic and technological purposes.” Ex. 1012, 448. 
Famulok discusses the proximity ligation method and teaches that, by 
“[c]ombining target recognition by two aptamers, enzymatic ligation, and 
PCR, the . . . method enables the detection of minute amounts of proteins.” 
Ex. 1012, 448. In particular, Famulok discusses a test case wherein each of 
two DNA aptamers — nucleic acid-based receptor molecules — that binds 
to the homodimer of a target analyte protein includes “a different DNA-
sequence extension that does not interfere with its folding and is not required 
for target recognition.” Id. Famulok teaches that “[b]inding of the aptamer 
pair brings the ends of the oligonucleotide extensions into close spatial 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
40 
proximity . . . so that a ‘splint’ oligonucleotide can hybridize to both ends,” 
as illustrated in Figure 1A reproduced below: 
 
Famulok 449, Fig. 1. Figure 1(A) is a schematic that shows a pair of 
aptamers binding to epitopes of a target protein such that “the free ends of 
their sequence extensions [are brought] into close spatial proximity,” which 
“allows the core sequence of the connector oligonucleotide to hybridize both 
ends, acting as a template for enzymatic ligation.” Id. (caption). 
Famulok teaches that the ends of the sequence extensions are 
“subsequently ligated together by [a] ligase.” Ex. 1012, 448. Famulok 
further teaches that “[t]he ligated species can then act as a PCR template and 
the amplified PCR product can be monitored and quantified under real-time 
PCR conditions, whereas no signal is obtained with unligated probes.” Id. 
Famulok teaches that “[t]he sensitivity that can be achieved with the method 
is remarkable.” Id. Famulok further teaches that “there is no reason that the 
approach should be limited to aptameric receptors” and that “[p]roximity 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
41 
ligation will likely work for antibody probes that are linked to a DNA 
sequence.” Id. at 449. 
2. Analysis of Claim 16 
Claim 16 depends from claim 1 and further recites “wherein 
association [between at least two nucleic acid moieties in the cis-reactive 
cell] is via ligation.” Ex. 1001, 41:37–57 (claim 1), 43:20–22 (claim 16). 
Petitioner asserts that Famulok discloses this additional limitation because it 
teaches “associating the oligonucleotides of [its] aptamers by connecting the 
two oligonucleotides to a third ‘splint’ oligonucleotide that is incorporated 
into double-stranded DNA by DNA ligase.” Pet. 42. 
We agree with Patent Owner that the Petition does not explain how 
Famulok cures the deficiency of Neri and Kanan with respect to step 1(d), 
“selecting all cis-reactive cells exhibiting the detectable trace.” PO Resp, 
49–50. Accordingly, Petitioner also fails to establish that claim 16, which 
depends from claim 1, is unpatentable over Kanan, Neri, and Famulok, for 
the same reasons discussed above with respect to Ground 1. 
3. Conclusion as to Ground 2 
We determine that Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of 
evidence, that claim 16 would have been obvious over Kanan, Neri, and 
Famulok. 
F. Grounds 3 and 4: Alleged Obviousness over Baez and Landegren 
or Baez, Landegren, and Freskard 
1. Analysis of claims 1–8, 11, 12, 14, and 15 
As noted above, Petitioner states that, “[f]or Grounds 3 and 4, the 
claim terms are given meaning based on PO’s application of the claims in 
related litigation with Petitioner.” Pet. 12–13 (citing Exs. 1007, 1008, 
1015). Petitioner asserts that, although “[t]here are no prior claim 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
42 
construction rulings on the ’848 patent . . . , [Patent Owner] filed a 
Complaint (Ex. 1007) and later provided an infringement chart (Ex. 1008) 
reflecting [Patent Owner’s] application of the claim terms.” Id. at 13 
(footnote omitted). 
Likewise, Dr. Nelson explained that, for these grounds, he “relied on 
Patent Owner’s positions provided in its complaint, infringement chart, and 
opposition to [Petitioner’s] motion to dismiss and [applies] those positions to 
how a POSA would have understood the claims as if Patent Owner’s 
positions were correct at the time of the application.” Ex. 1005 ¶ 210. 
Dr. Nelson emphasized that “[his] analysis for Grounds 3 and 4 do[es] not 
reflect [his] opinion on what a POSA’s ordinary understanding of the scope 
of the ’848 Patent [would have been].” Id. 
Finally, Petitioner’s counsel agreed at oral argument that, if the claims 
were construed as a person of ordinary skill would have understood them, 
Baez and Landegren would not render the claims obvious. Tr. 21:6–16. 
As noted above, however, in AIA proceedings we give claims their 
ordinary and customary meaning, as would have been understood by a 
person of ordinary skill in the art, at the time of the invention, in light of the 
language of the claims, the specification, and the prosecution history of 
record. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–19 (Fed. Cir. 2005) 
(en banc); 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). Therefore, because Petitioner has not 
offered evidence that the combination of Baez and Landegren renders 
obvious claims 1–8, 11, and 12 as properly construed, we find that Petitioner 
has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–8, 
11, and 12 would have been obvious over the combination of Baez and 
Landegren. For the same reasons, we find Petitioner has not demonstrated 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
43 
by a preponderance of evidence that claims 14 and 15 would have been 
obvious over the combination of Baez, Landegren, and Freskard. 
2. Conclusion as to Grounds 3 and 4 
We determine that Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of 
evidence, that claims 1–8, 11, and 12 would have been obvious over Baez 
and Landegren. We likewise determine that Petitioner has not shown, by a 
preponderance of evidence, that claims 14 and 15 would have been obvious 
over Baez, Landegren, and Freskard. 
III. PATENT OWNER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE EVIDENCE 
Patent Owner moved to exclude Exhibit 1008, on the ground that it 
contains settlement statements and that Rule 408 of the Federal Rule of 
Evidence prohibits Petitioner from using the statements to impeach or 
contradict Patent Owner. Mot. 5. Because we do not rely in our analysis on 
this exhibit, we dismiss the Motion to Exclude as moot. 
IV. CONCLUSION 
Based on the information presented, we conclude that Petitioner has 
not demonstrated by a preponderance of evidence that claims 1–20 are 
unpatentable. We dismiss Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude as moot. 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
44 
In summary: 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–15, 17–20 103(a) Kanan, Neri 
 
1–15, 17–20 
16 
103(a) Kanan, Neri, 
Famulok 
 
16 
1–8, 11, 12 
103(a) Baez, Landegren 
 
1–8, 11, 12 
14, 15 
103(a) Baez, Landegren, 
Freskard 
 
14, 15 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
1–20 
 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 1–20 of U.S. Patent No. 7,883,848 are 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a final written decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR 2024-01353 
Patent 7,883,848 B2 
45 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Sean Platt 
Jennifer Bennett 
Matthew Johnson 
Laura Kanouse 
Jesse Wynn 
JONES DAY 
cplatt@jonesday.com 
jenniferbennett@jonesday.com 
mwjohnson@jonesday.com 
lkanouse@jonesday.com 
jwynn@jonesday.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
David Holman 
Eldora Ellison 
Tyler Liu 
Adil Moghal 
STERNE, KESSLER, GOLDSTEIN & FOX PLLC 
dholman-ptab@sternekessler.com 
eellison-ptab@sternekessler.com 
tliu-ptab@sternekessler.com 
amoghal-ptab@sternekessler.com