--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 75 
571-272-7822 
Entered: September 29, 2023 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
NOVARTIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
SHILPA PHARMA, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, ROBERT A. POLLOCK, and 
TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, Administrative Patent Judges. 
NEW, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Dismissing Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
Denying Petitioner’s Motion for Sanctions 
Dismissing-in-Part and Denying-in-Part Patent Owner’s Motion 
to Exclude Evidence 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
We have jurisdiction to hear this inter partes review under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 6. This Final Written Decision is issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons set forth below, we determine that 
Petitioner Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (“Petitioner”) has 
established, by a preponderance of the evidence of record, that challenged 
claims 1–4 of Patent Owner Shilpa Pharma Inc.’s (“Patent Owner”) U.S. 
Patent No. 9,266,816 B2 (Ex. 1001, the “’816 patent”) are unpatentable. 
Additionally, because we find that Petitioner has established that claims 1–4 
are unpatentable, we dismiss as moot Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
Evidence (Paper 59). Furthermore, for the reasons we set forth below, 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence (Paper 48) is dismissed-in-part 
as moot and denied-in-part. Both parties’ unopposed Motions to Seal are 
granted. See Papers 31, 33, 39, 40, 42, 46, 52, 56, 57, 60, 62, 68. Finally we 
deny Petitioner’s Motion for Sanctions against Patent Owner. (Paper 43). 
 
A. 
Procedural History 
 
On April 20, 2022, Petitioner filed its Petition (Paper 1, “Pet.”) 
seeking inter partes review of claims 1–4 of the ’816 patent. On July 29, 
2022, Patent Owner filed a Preliminary Response (see Paper 8, “Prelim. 
Resp.”). With our authorization (Paper 9), Petitioner filed a Reply to the 
Preliminary Response on August 30, 20221 (Paper 10, “Pet. Reply Prelim. 
Resp.”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-Reply on September 7, 2022. Paper 
12 (“PO Sur-Reply Prelim. Resp.”). Pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 314, we 
 
1 Re-filed September 6, 2022 (Paper 11). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
3 
instituted inter partes review of challenged claims 1–4 of the ’816 patent on 
October 26, 2022 (Paper 13, “Institution Decision” or “Dec.”). 
After institution of trial, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 21, 
“PO Resp.”), to which Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 34, “Pet. Reply”), and 
Patent Owner, in turn, filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 40, “Sur-Reply”). With the 
Board’s authorization, Patent Owner also filed a Supplement to its Response 
(“PO Resp. Suppl.”), based on information produced by Petitioner in the 
parallel district court litigation (see infra Section II.B). 
Petitioner also filed a Motion to Exclude all or portions of certain of 
Patent Owner’s Exhibits (Paper 47, “Pet. Mot. Exclude”), having timely 
objected to those exhibits. Patent Owner filed an Opposition to Petitioner’s 
Motion to Exclude (Paper 55, “PO Opp. Mot.”) and Petitioner filed a Reply 
to the Opposition (Paper 61, “Reply Opp.”). Patent Owner likewise filed a 
Motion to Exclude all or portions of certain of Petitioner Exhibits (Paper 
48), having similarly timely objected. Petitioner filed an Opposition to 
Patent Owner’s Motion (Paper 58, “Pet. Opp.”) and Patent Owner filed a 
Reply. Paper 64 (“PO Reply Mot. Exclude”). 
With the Board’s authorization, Petitioner also filed a Motion for 
Sanctions against Patent Owner on July 3, 2023. Paper 43 (“Mot. 
Sanctions”). Patent Owner filed an Opposition to the Motion for Sanctions. 
Paper 50 (“Opp. Mot. Sanctions”). 
Closed oral argument was held on May 2, 2023. A sealed transcript 
of the oral argument is included in the record; a redacted transcript is also 
available in the record. (Paper 71, “Hearing Trans.”; Paper 73, (public 
version)). 
 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
4 
II. BACKGROUND 
A. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation as the real 
party-in-interest. Pet. 45. Patent Owner identifies Shilpa Pharma, Inc. as the 
real party-in-interest. Paper 4, 1. 
 
B. 
Related Matters 
Petitioner and Patent Owner concur that the ’816 patent is the subject 
of pending litigation brought by Shilpa in Shilpa Pharma, Inc. v. Novartis 
Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Case No. 1:21-cv-00558- MN (D. Del.) (the 
“district court litigation”). Pet. 45, Paper 4, 1. 
 
C. 
The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–4 of the ’816 patent are 
unpatentable, based upon the following grounds: 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–4 
102 
Mutz2 
2 
1–4 
103 
Mutz, Gidwani3 
3 
1–4 
102 
Gidwani 
 
Petitioner also relies upon, inter alia, the Declaration of Dr. Richard 
McClurg (the “McClurg Declaration,” Ex. 1002). Patent Owner relies upon, 
inter alia, the Declarations of Dr. Craig Eckhardt (the “First and Second 
 
2 Mutz et al. (WO 2010/055028 A2, May 20, 2010 (“Mutz”) Ex. 1004. 
3 Gidwani et al. (US 8,766,005 B2, July 1, 2014) (“Gidwani”) Ex. 1005. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
5 
Eckhardt Declaration,” Ex. 2008; Ex. 2055). We have reviewed the 
credentials of Dr. McClurg, and Dr. Eckhardt, and consider both to be 
qualified to provide the opinions for which their testimony has been 
submitted. 
 
D. 
The ’816 Patent 
The ’816 patent is entitled “Fingolimod Polymorphs and Their 
Processes.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’816 patent issued from US 
Application No. 13/635,207 (the “’207 application”). Id. at code (21). 
The ’816 patent discloses crystalline α, β, and μ polymorphic forms of 
fingolimod hydrochloride (2-amino-2-[2-(4-octylphenyl)ethyl]propane-1,3-
diol hydrochloride) (“fingolimod HCl”), an immunosuppressant drug used in 
the treatment of multiple sclerosis, and processes for their preparation. 
Ex. 1001 col. 1, ll. 11–13, 44–46, 66–67. The structure of fingolimod HCl is 
depicted below: 
 
Structure of fingolimod HCl 
Ex. 1001 col. 1, ll. 17–23. Challenged claims 1–4 of the ’816 patent recite 
only the β form (“Form-β”) of crystalline fingolimod. See Ex. 1001, claims 
1–4. 
 
The ’816 patent discloses x-ray powder diffraction (“XRPD”) spectra 
for the various crystalline isoforms, including that of Form-β, which is 
reproduced below: 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
6 
 
Figure 3 of the ’816 patent depicts an XRPD pattern of 
fingolimod HCl Form-β 
Figure 3 demonstrates that fingolimod HCl crystalline Form-β is 
characterized by an XRPD pattern comprising at least 4 characteristic 2θ° 
peaks selected from the XRPD peak set of 3.54, 7.07, 10.66, 15.35, 20.52, 
21.43 and 25.10 ± 0.1° 2θ. Ex. 1001 col. 5, ll. 8–11. 
 
The ’816 patent also discloses, in Figure 4, a differential scanning 
calorimetry (“DSC”) curve for crystalline fingolimod HCl Form-β, as 
depicted below: 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
7 
 
Figure 4 of the ’816 patent depicts a DSC curve of crystalline 
fingolimod HCl Form-β 
As shown in Figure 4 of the ’816 patent, crystalline Form-β may be 
characterized by DSC isotherm comprising at least four endothermic peaks 
at temperature ranges between: (1) 40 to 45° C (Peak 1); (b) 65 to 70° C 
(Peak 2); (c), 107 to 115° C (Peak 3); and (d) 265 to 270° C (Peak 4). 
Ex. 1001 col. 5, ll. 1–7. 
 
E. 
The Challenged Claims 
Claims 1–4 are the challenged claims in this proceeding. See Section 
II.D. above. Claim 3 is representative of the challenged claims, and recites: 
3. 
Fingolimod 
hydrochloride 
crystalline 
Form-β 
characterized by X-ray powder diffraction pattern comprising 
characteristic 2θ° peaks selected from the XRPD peak set of 
3.54, 7.07, 10.66, 15.35, 20.52, 21.43 and 25.10 ± 0.1 2θ° and 
DSC isotherm comprising the endothermic peaks ranging 
between 40 to 45° C. (Peak-1), 65 to 70° C. (Peak-2), 107 to 115° 
C. (Peak-3) and/or 265 to 270° C. (Peak-4). 
Ex. 1001 col.10, ll. 1–7. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
8 
III. ANALYSIS 
A. 
Claim Construction 
 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard that would be 
used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). See 
37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2020). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally 
given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 
415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). “In determining the 
meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic 
evidence of record, examining the claim language itself, the written 
description, and the prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. 
v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) 
(citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–17). Extrinsic evidence may also be 
considered, but is “less significant than the intrinsic record in determining 
‘the legally operative meaning of claim language.’” Phillips, 415 F.3d at 
1317 (quoting C.R. Bard, Inc. v. U.S. Surgical Corp., 388 F.3d 858, 862 
(Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
 
Petitioner does not propose a construction for any claim terms apart 
from their plain and customary meaning. Pet. 16. Patent Owner, however, 
proposes that we construe the language of claims 1–3 of the ’816 patent as 
requiring the presence of all seven of the recited XRPD peaks. PO Resp. 7. 
Patent Owner points to the prosecution history of the ’816 patent, and in 
particular, the May 15, 2015 Amendment to the claims, in which Patent 
Owner amended then-claims 7 and 9 (challenged claims 1 and 3 of the ’816 
patent) by deleting “comprising at least 4” characteristic 2θ° peaks and 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
9 
stating, in its Remarks that, “[f]rom the presently amended claim, for a 
person skilled in the art it is clear that crystalline polymorphic form of 
Fingolimod HCl designated as Form-β, if and only if every peak in the claim 
is present the XRPD.” Id. (see Ex. 2048, 9). Patent Owner contends that the 
amended claims require the presence of all seven XRPD peaks recited in the 
claims to define Form β in claims 1 and 3, and that fewer than the seven 
named peaks would not be sufficient. Id. (citing Chimie v. PPG Indus., Inc., 
402 F.3d 1371, 1384 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (holding that “[t]he purpose of 
consulting the prosecution history … is to ‘exclude any interpretation that 
was disclaimed during prosecution.’”); Gillespie v. Dywidag Sys., Int’l, USA, 
501 F.3d 1285, 1291 (Fed. Cir. 2007)). 
 
We do not agree with Patent Owner’s proposed construction. Because 
the issued claims recite the transition term “comprising” rather than 
“consisting of,” Patent Owner’s apparent argument of prosecution disclaimer 
does not apply to the claims as issued. The language of challenged claim 3, 
by way of example, recites in relevant part “[f]ingolimod hydrochloride 
crystalline Form-β characterized by [XRPD] pattern comprising 
characteristic 2θ° peaks selected from the XRPD peak set of 3.54, 7.07, 
10.66, 15.35, 20.52, 21.43 and 25.10 ± 0.1° 2θ.” (Emphasis added). The 
use of the term “peaks” directly implies that at least two of the named peaks 
must be selected from the seven recited. We disagree with Patent Owner 
that the term “selected from” requires that all of the peaks be present to 
characterize fingolimod form β: the plain language “selected from” means 
no more than that the practitioner chooses at least two peaks from the recited 
set of 2θo values. See Ex. 1115 (defining “select” as “to choose … from a 
number or group: pick out”). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
10 
 
We consequently construe the language of claims 1–3 reciting 
“[f]ingolimod hydrochloride crystalline Form-β characterized by [XRPD] 
pattern comprising characteristic 2θ° peaks selected from the XRPD peak set 
of 3.54, 7.07, 10.66, 15.35, 20.52, 21.43 and 25.10 ± 0.1 2θ°” as meaning 
that “fingolimod hydrochloride crystalline Form-β is characterized by an 
XRPD pattern with at least two peaks selected from the XRPD peak set of 
3.54, 7.07, 10.66, 15.35, 20.52, 21.43 and 25.10 ± 0.1° 2θ.”4 This is also 
consistent with the Specification of the ’816 patent, which discloses 
exemplary embodiments in which at least 3–5 of the recited peaks are 
sufficient to characterize the XRPD spectrum, but nowhere discloses a 
requirement for all seven peaks. Ex. 1001, col. 2, ll. 10–59, cols. 3–6, ll. 34–
48. 
 
 
4 The claim term “selected from” is generally employed in patent claims as 
indicating the presence of a Markush group. See Gillette Co. v. Energizer 
Holdings, Inc., 405 F.3d 1367, 1372 (Fed. Cir. 2005); Abbott Labs. v. 
Baxter Pharm. Prods., Inc., 334 F.3d 1274, 1280 (Fed. Cir. 2003). 
However, Markush groups are “closed” sets of alternatives, as signaled by 
the use of the transitional term “consisting of,” rather than terms such as 
“comprising” or “including.” We note that, during the prosecution of the 
’816 patent, Patent Owner amended the claim to read “consisting of,” 
indicating a closed group. Ex. 2048, 2. However, on October 28, 2015, 
Patent Owner again amended the claims, omitting “consisting of” and 
replacing it with “comprising.” Ex. 3005. We do not reach the question of 
whether Patent Owner thereby rendered claims 1–3 indefinite, as being 
beyond our statutory remit in inter partes reviews. See 35 U.S.C. § 311(b); 
see also Lexington Luminance LLC v. Amazon.com Inc., 601 Fed. App’x 
963, 969 (2015) (stating that “improper” Markush usage may render a 
claim indefinite). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
11 
B. 
Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
at least a bachelor’s degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, or related 
disciplines or equivalent experience, and at least five years of experience 
related to synthesis, crystallization, and/or detection and/or evaluation of 
solid-state forms in the pharmaceutical industry or an advanced degree in 
chemistry, chemical engineering, or related disciplines. Pet. 17. According 
to Petitioner, such a person would have a working knowledge of the 
preparation, characterization, and analysis of solid-state forms, including by 
XRPD and DSC. Id. Petitioner proposes that additional graduate education 
could substitute for experience, while significant experience in the field 
might be a substitute for formal education. Id. 
Patent Owner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
include a person who possesses an advanced degree (e.g., Master’s degree or 
Ph.D., or foreign equivalents of either of the foregoing) in the fields of solid-
state chemistry, chemical engineering, or a related discipline (e.g., organic 
chemistry) and several years of experience in crystal technology. PO Resp. 
6. Alternatively, argues Patent Owner, a person of ordinary skill in the art 
could have a lower level of formal education, such as a Bachelor’s degree, if 
such a person had a higher degree of experience. Id. 
Patent Owner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
understand that the process of developing pharmaceutical compositions 
requires a multi-disciplinary approach, and would draw upon not only his or 
her own skills, but would also take advantage of certain specialized skills of 
others, to solve any given problem. PO Resp. 6 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 14–15). 
Petitioner’s and Patent Owner’s respective definitions of a person of 
skill in the art are not inconsistent with each other. We therefore define a 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
12 
person of ordinary skill in the art as an individual with at least a bachelor’s 
degree in solid-state chemistry, chemical engineering, or a related discipline 
(i.e., organic chemistry), and at least five years of post-degree experience 
related to synthesis, crystallization, and/or detection and/or evaluation of 
solid-state forms. Such a skilled artisan could have an advanced degree in 
the same or similar fields, with concurrently less experience. We find that 
this definition is consistent with the level of skill reflected by the prior art. 
See, e.g., Exs. 1004–1009, 2010; see also Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 
1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific findings regarding 
ordinary skill level are not required “where the prior art itself reflects an 
appropriate level and a need for testimony is not shown” (quoting Litton 
Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 
1985))). 
 
C. 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
Before we address the merits of this inter partes review, we first 
address Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude certain evidence entered into the 
record. Paper 48 (“PO Mot. Exclude). Petitioner has filed an opposition to 
Patent Owner’s Motion (Paper 58, “Pet. Opp. Mot. Exclude”) and Patent 
Owner filed a Reply. Paper 63 (“PO Reply Mot. Exclude”). 
Specifically, Patent Owner seeks to exclude the following Exhibits: 
1075, 1076, 1084, 1085, 1086, 1087, 1096, 1097, 1102, 1103, 1104, 1105, 
1106, 1107, 1108, 1109, and 1119, 2152, and 2153 (collectively the “Shilpa 
Internal Documents”). PO Mot. Exclude, 1. Patent Owner also seeks to 
exclude portions of Exhibit 1066, and Exhibits 1069, 1070–1072, 1111, and 
1115. Id. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
13 
In our analysis below (see Section III.D.6, infra), we conclude that the 
prior art of record is dispositive of this inter partes review without recourse 
to the Shilpa Internal Documents, and we do not rely upon them in our 
analysis of the patentability of challenged claims 1–4. Our patentability 
analysis similarly has no need of recourse to Exhibit 1111, which relates to 
third-party testing and results with respect to the prior art. See Section 
III.D.6. We consequently dismiss Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude the 
Shilpa Internal Documents and Exhibit 1111 as moot. We discuss the 
remaining dispute as to Exhibits 1066, 1069, 1070–1072, and 1115 below. 
 
1. 
Exhibit 1066 
Patent Owner moves to exclude portions of Exhibit 1066 (the Reply 
Declaration of Petitioner’s expert Dr. McClurg). PO Mot. Exclude 1. Patent 
Owner first seeks to exclude portions of Exhibit 1066 that are addressed to 
the Shilpa Internal Documents (¶¶ 81–83, 91, 114–116, 123–125, 137–139, 
166–172, 174–175, and 181–182). Id. at 12–14. However, and as we have 
explained, we do not rely upon, or cite to, the Shilpa Internal Documents in 
our analysis of the patentability of challenged claims 1–4, and we therefore 
dismiss Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude these paragraphs of Exhibit 1066 
as moot. 
Patent Owner also seeks to dismiss portions of Exhibit 1066 that 
relate to Dr. McClurg’s use of the Un-Scan-It digitizing software to obtain 
data for peak positions of the XRPD spectra in Figure 1 of Mutz (¶¶ 37 (last 
two sentences), 39 (third sentence), 48–51). PO Mot. Exclude, 14. 
According to Patent Owner, Dr. McClurg’s testimony in this regard 
constitutes a new theory of anticipation by Mutz, based on unreliable and 
inaccurate ruler measurements and estimations, that is not contained in the 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
14 
Petition and violates Patent Owner’s due process rights under the 
Administrative Procedures Act (“APA”) because Patent Owner has had no 
opportunity to respond with counter-evidence to the improper reply 
evidence. Id. at 1, 14 (citing Belden Inc. v. Berk-Tek LLC, 805 F.3d 1064, 
1080 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). Patent Owner also argues that this testimony should 
be excluded under Federal Rule of Evidence (“FRE”) 403 because any 
alleged probative value is substantially outweighed by the danger of this 
testimony providing misleading statements, unfair prejudice or confusing the 
issues. Id. 
 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s reasoning. The original 
visual comparisons and paper-and-ruler measurements of the peak 2o θ 
locations of the XRPD diffractogram spectrum of Mutz Figure 1 were made 
by Dr. McClurg in support of his initial Declaration (Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 105–116; 
see also Ex. 2052 ¶ 124) and relied upon in the Petition. See, e.g., Pet. 19–
20. In his Declaration, Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Mayo, contends that Dr. 
McClurg’s methodology was “scientifically unreliable, and highly unlikely 
to be accurate.” Ex. 2052 ¶ 124. Dr. Mayo further opined that: 
Dr. McClurg’s method is very crude and highly inaccurate since 
comparison of corresponding peak positions in two different 
XRPD patterns requires an accuracy of ±0.1° 2θ, which 
corresponds to about ±0.01” of Mutz Figure 1, which is smaller 
than the finest division of 1/64” on a precision ruler. In my 
opinion, Dr. McClurg’s crude estimation of peaks at 21.4° and 
25.0° is not reliable evidence that Mutz discloses peaks at 
precisely 21.43° and 25.10° ± 0.1° 2θ. As a result, a POSA 
would not be able to reproduce for themselves the data that Dr. 
McClurg relied upon for its analysis. 
Ex. 2052 6, B.i. 
 
In response to Dr. Mayo’s criticisms of his methodology, Dr. 
McClurg responded in his Reply Declaration that: 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
15 
It is strange that Dr. Mayo assumes that I would not have thought 
to enlarge the Mutz image, given his use of enlargements in his 
own declaration. 
When presented with a small image, a scientist would enlarge the 
figure in one of at least three ways: (1) print the figure on a large 
piece of paper; (2) print a portion of the figure on standard paper; 
or (3) use an enlarging copier to generate a figure that fills the 
page. In practice, I used an enlarging copier. A single 200% 
enlargement yields a figure that fits nicely on a standard sheet of 
paper in landscape orientation. At this scale, 0.1° 2θ corresponds 
to 0.66 mm, within the precision of a metric ruler and discernible 
by the human eye. In this instance, I measured peak location to 
the nearest 0.5mm (i.e., either on or between mm marks on the 
scale). Based on my estimated precision, I reported peak 
positions the nearest 0.1° 2θ in my declaration. 
I further confirmed the accuracy of this method against the 
already-tabulated peaks from Mutz. That is, I did not limit my 
analysis to the two peaks at 21.43 and 25.10 ± 0.1° 2θ. I also 
checked if my method could accurately identify in the 
diffractogram the peak positions Mutz had separately listed. It 
did. If it had not, I could have further enlarged portions of the 
figure, but that was not necessary. 
Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 33–36 (citations omitted). Furthermore, to validate his 
challenged methodology, and to rebut Dr. Mayo’s opinion, Dr. McClurg 
states: 
If Dr. Mayo truly had doubts about the peak positions that I 
found, he could have used available software to find the correct 
positions. He did not, apparently for good reason—digital 
analysis confirms my results. 
For example, I used the program Un-Scan-It to extract raw data 
from the Mutz PDF, and then looked for local maxima indicating 
peak positions. The raw data reveals peaks at 21.40773 and 
25.03813° 2θ, consistent with my estimates at 21.4 and 25.0° 2θ 
and within the range (±0.1° 2θ) in the ’816 Patent for Form-β. 
…. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
16 
Scientists in 2010—when Shilpa filed for a patent on Form-β—
could have done the same analysis. As reflected in numerous 
references, Un-Scan-It software was first offered in 1992, and 
was widely available in 2010. 
Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 48–50. 
 
Dr. McClurg’s use of digitizing software to validate his initial 
calculations of XRPD spectrum peak 2o θ location was not, therefore, a “new 
theory of anticipation by Mutz” as alleged by Patent Owner. To the 
contrary, it was introduced by Petitioner and its expert in rebuttal to Dr. 
Mayo’s opinion that Dr. McClurg’s methods were scientifically unreliable. 
It was employed to further validate Dr. McClurg’s measurements, and to 
support his opinion that a person of ordinary skill in the art in 2010 would 
have understood that the XRPD spectrum of Mutz’s Figure 1 disclosed all of 
the XRPD diffractogram peaks recited in the challenged claims. This 
argument was made in the Petition. See Pet. 19. 
 
“The truest test for the admission of evidence in an expert rebuttal 
report is whether the evidence is specifically offered to rebut a conclusion, 
opinion, or datum put forth by the other side’s expert.” Panasonic 
Commc’ns Corp. of America v. United States, 108 Fed. Cl. 412, 415 (Ct. 
Fed. Cl. 2013). In this instance, Dr. McClurg’s testimony with respect to his 
use of digitizing software that was available to skilled artisans at the time of 
the ’816 patent’s priority date, was specifically introduced as direct rebuttal 
to Dr. Mayo’s allegations that Dr. McClurg’s initial measurements were 
inaccurate and his methods unsound. 
 
Nor was Patent Owner deprived of its procedural Due Process rights 
under the APA. See 5 U.S.C. § 554(c). Section 554(c) states that “[t]he 
agency shall give all interested parties opportunity for … the submission and 
consideration of facts, arguments, offers of settlement, or proposals of 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
17 
adjustment when time, the nature of the proceeding, and the public interest 
permit.” Patent Owner recognized, and specifically addressed, Dr. 
McClurg’s rebuttal evidence in its Sur-Reply, but only to the extent of 
alleging, as in its Motion to Exclude, that the relevant portions of Dr. 
McClurg’s deposition and its supporting evidence were inadmissible for the 
same reasons advanced in its Motion to Exclude. 
 
Finally, Patent Owner did confront Dr. McClurg with his use of the 
digitizing software in response to Dr. Mayo’s criticisms, during his 
deposition on June 21, 2023, cross-examining him extensively upon this 
subject. See Ex. 2143, 41–67. This was prior to the filing of Patent Owner’s 
Sur-Reply, on June 28, 2023. Patent Owner thus had ample opportunity to 
address and attempt to refute Dr. McClurg’s rebuttal evidence, and to 
present those arguments and any relevant cross-examination testimony of 
Dr. McClurg in its Sur-Reply brief. Patent Owner’s allegation of 
deprivation of its procedural Due Process rights under the APA is thus 
unsubstantiated, and its Motion to Deny portions of Exhibit 1066 is denied. 
 
2. 
Exhibit 1069 
 
Exhibit 1069 is raw data from the Un-Scan-It program exhibiting the 
XY values from the digitized XRPD diffractogram spectrum of Figure 1 of 
Mutz. See Ex. 1069; Ex. 1066 ¶ 49. This data was used by Dr. McClurg in 
his Reply Declaration to further confirm the presence of spectral peaks at 
21.4 and 25.0° 2θ ±0.1° 2θ, as recited in the challenged claims of the ’816 
patent. Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 48–49. 
 
Patent Owner repeats its argument that the exhibit is used to support a 
new theory of unpatentability not found in the Petition. PO Mot. Exclude 1. 
Patent Owner also argues that Exhibit 1069 is inadmissible because it is 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
18 
incomplete (citing FRE 106), and confusing and unreliable (citing FRE 403). 
Id. at 2. Patent Owner asserts that the document is incomplete and lacks an 
overlay of the digital scan with the version of Mutz’s Figure 1, necessary to 
verify the accuracy of the x,y coordinates in Ex. 1069. Id. Furthermore, 
argues Patent Owner, the document does not provide the algorithm used to 
select the local maxima, or otherwise state the basis on which local maxima 
were selected, or whether Dr. McClurg tested for errors in the digitized 
version as compared to Figure 1. Id. (citing Ex. 2143 at 60). 
 
Patent Owner also argues that, because Dr. McClurg did not provide 
his selection criteria, there is no way to determine which “peak[s]” are 
actually instrument noise. Id. at 3. 
 
We have explained above why we are not persuaded by Patent 
Owner’s theory that Dr. McClurg’s use of digitizing software represents a 
new theory of unpatentability, but was rather introduced to validate Dr. 
McClurg’s original measurements relied upon in the Petition, and in 
response to criticisms of his methodology by Patent Owner’s expert. Exhibit 
1069 provides the raw data upon which Dr. McClurg relied in explaining, in 
his Reply Declaration, why, in his expert opinion, a person of ordinary skill 
would have recognized XRPD spectral peaks at 25.0° 2θ ±0.1° 2θ.5 See 
Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 48–50. In his Reply Declaration, Dr. McClurg provides 
excerpts from a spreadsheet incorporating the raw data from Exhibit 1069 to 
explain why he concluded that these peaks are present in Figure 1 of Mutz. 
Id. at ¶ 49. Consequently, Exhibit 1069 is admissible as providing the data 
supporting Dr. McClurg’s opinion in his Reply Declaration. Patent Owner, 
 
5 We note that Exhibit 1069 is annotated by Petitioner to the extent that the 
relevant peak values are highlighted. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
19 
or its expert, were at liberty to attack Dr. McClurg’s methodology or 
accuracy with respect to Exhibit 1069 in their cross examination and 
arguments to rebut Dr. McClurg’s opinion, but did not do so. 
 
Federal Rule of Evidence 106 does not bar admissibility of incomplete 
evidence. See Mylan Pharm. Inc. v. Yeda Research & Dev. Co. Ltd., 
IPR2015-00644, Paper 91 at 39–40 (PTAB Dec. 2, 2016) (holding that 
“Rule 106 does not prohibit admission of an incomplete document. Instead, 
it allows the party against whom the document is introduced to place the 
remainder in evidence” (citing 1 Weinstein on Evidence § 106.02[1])). Nor 
are we persuaded that Rule 403 is applicable; certainly the evidence of 
Exhibit 1069 is probative because it directly supports Dr. McClurg’s opinion 
testimony. The Board finds that the data supporting Dr. McClurg’s is 
probative of his opinion testimony, and we are capable of weighing his 
credibility and assessing the probative weight of his evidence, without fear 
of undue prejudice, confusing the issues, undue delay, wasting time, or 
needlessly presenting cumulative evidence. See FRE 403. Patent Owner’s 
arguments go more to the probative weight of the evidence than to its 
admissibility, and we therefore deny Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Exhibit 1069. 
 
3. 
Exhibits 1070–1072 
 
Exhibits 1070–1072 constitute various reviews and advertisements 
that purport to show that the Un-Scan-It digitizing software was available to 
persons of ordinary skill in the art as of the filing date of the ’816 patent 
(Exhibit 1072) and was popularly employed by artisans of skill in “digitizing 
graphs and analyzing data presented in image formats for which the tabular 
data are not available.” Ex. 1071, 1. Exhibit 1070 comprises a collection of 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
20 
references employing the software, reviews of the software, and testimonials 
attesting to its usefulness. Ex. 1070. Dr. McClurg cites to these Exhibits as 
demonstrating that “[s]cientists in 2010—when Shilpa filed for a patent on 
Form-β—could have done the same analysis. As reflected in numerous 
references, Un-Scan-It software was first offered in 1992, and was widely 
available in 2010.” Ex. 1066 ¶ 50. 
 
Patent Owner repeats its argument that Exhibits 1070–1072 are 
introduced in support of a new theory of unpatentability not presented in the 
Petition. PO Mot. Exclude 3. We have explained above why Patent 
Owner’s argument is not persuasive, and we again reject it, and for the same 
reasons, with respect to Exhibits 1070–1072. Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Exclude Exhibits 1070–1072 is denied. 
 
4. 
Exhibit 1115 
 
Exhibit 1115 is a printed version of the Merriam-Webster English 
language verb “select.” Ex. 1115. Petitioner introduced Exhibit 1115 in its 
Reply Brief concerning the claim term “selected” from the XRPD peak set 
of 3.54, 7.07, 10.66, 15.35, 20.52, 21.43 and 25.10 ±0.1 2θ°. See Pet. Reply 
8–9. 
 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s claim construction argument 
supported by Exhibit 1115 is first raised in its Reply Brief, and is therefore 
inadmissible. PO Mot. Exclude 11. 
 
In its Petition, Petitioner argued that “[b]ecause the challenged claims 
are unpatentable under the plain and ordinary meaning of the claim terms, no 
formal claim construction is needed.” Pet. 16 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 92–93). In 
its Response, Patent Owner argued that the language of challenged claims 1–
3 of the ’816 patent “should be construed to require the seven XRPD peaks.” 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
21 
PO Resp. 7 (citing Ex. 2052 ¶¶ 42–45). Patent Owner did not raise this 
claim construction argument (or any other claim construction) in its 
Preliminary Response to the Petition (Paper 8), but raised it for the first time 
in its Response. See PO Resp. 7. Petitioner’s responsive argument to Patent 
Owner’s proposed claim construction in its Reply is the same as the 
argument made in the Petition, viz., that the “plain and ordinary meaning of 
the claim terms” should be applied in our construction of the language of the 
claims. Pet. Reply 8–9 (citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312). 
 
Exhibit 1115 is adduced by Petitioner to demonstrate the plain and 
ordinary meaning of the claim term “selected from,” as Petitioner argued 
should be applied in its Petition. Id.; see Pet. 16. We therefore disagree 
with Patent Owner’s position that the introduction of Exhibit 1115 
constitutes a new argument not presented in the Petition, and we deny Patent 
Owner’s Motion to Exclude Exhibit 1115. 
 
5. 
Conclusion 
 
For the reasons we have set forth above, Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Exclude the Shilpa Internal Documents and Exhibit 1111 is dismissed as 
moot. Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Exhibits 1066, 1069, 1070–1072, 
and 1115 is denied. 
 
D. 
Ground 1: Anticipation by Mutz 
1. 
Overview of Mutz (Ex. 1004) 
The Mutz reference, WO 2010/055028 A2, is entitled “Organic 
compounds,” and was published on May 20, 2010 and is prior art to the ’816 
patent. Ex. 1004, codes (43), (54). Mutz is directed to crystalline forms and 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
22 
hydrates of 2-amino-2-[2-(4-octylphenyl)ethyl] propane-1,3-diol 
(fingolimod HCl), and to its uses. Id. at 2. Mutz discloses that fingolimod 
HCl exists in a particular crystalline form (Form I) at room temperature, and 
undergoes change to an alternative crystalline form (Form II) at a transition 
temperature of approximately 40° C. Id. Mutz further discloses that 
crystalline Form II undergoes a transition to a third crystalline form 
(Form III) at a temperature of approximately 66° C, and at approximately 
107 ° C, fingolimod HCl forms a phase with lower crystalline order. Id. 
 
Figure 1 of Mutz is an XRPD spectrum for crystalline Form I of 
fingolimod HCl, and is depicted below: 
 
Figure 1 of Mutz is an XRPD spectrum of Form I of fingolimod 
HCl 
 
Mutz also discloses tabular data describing the XRPD peaks and their 
relative intensity, which is reproduced below: 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
23 
 
Ex. 1004, 16. 
 
Mutz additionally describes differential scanning calorimetry (“DSC”) 
curves for crystalline fingolimod HCl: 
DSC heating curves showed three characteristic transitions at 
approximately 40° C, 66° C and 107° C. The first endothermic 
peak at 40 ° C is followed by a smal[l] exothermic peak which 
hints to melting of Form I followed by recrystallization into Form 
II. The second transition between Form II and Form III is a solid-
solid transition. A third transition was observed at 107° C. Above 
107° C, the X-ray powder pattern almost disappeared and only a 
single strong peak at 2.9° remained, suggesting formation of a 
phase with lower crystalline order above this temperature. 
Ex. 1004, 15. 
 
2. 
Petitioner’s contentions with respect to Mutz 
a. 
Claim 1 
Claim 1 recites: “Fingolimod hydrochloride crystalline Form-β 
characterized by X-ray powder diffraction pattern comprising 
characteristic 2θ° peaks selected from the XRPD peak set of 3.54, 
7.07, 10.66, 15.35, 20.52, 21.43 and 25.10 ± 0.1 2θ°.” 
Petitioner argues Mutz’s crystalline Form I fingolimod HCl is the 
claimed Form-β, the room-temperature-stable form claimed in the ’816 
patent. Pet. 18–19 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 95–103). According to Petitioner, 
Mutz discloses each and every one of the peaks recited in claim 1 within the 
claimed range. Id. at 19 (citing Ex. 1004, Fig. 1; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 104–106). 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
24 
Petitioner provides an annotated version of Figure 1 of Mutz, which is 
reproduced below: 
 
Figure 1 of Mutz, as annotated by Petitioner, depicting an 
XRPD spectrum of crystalline fingolimod HCl Form I, and 
indicating at bottom the location of the peaks recited in claim 1 
of the ’816 patent (red bars), and the location of the peaks 
described in Mutz’s Table (blue bars, see Ex. 1004, 16) 
Pet. 19. 
Petitioner asserts that all seven peaks listed in the ’816 patent’s claims 
are shown in the XRPD pattern in Figure 1 of Mutz, as reflected by the red 
bars annotated in Mutz’s Figure 1 above, and that five of the seven peaks 
recited in the ’816 patent claims overlap with the peaks listed in the Mutz 
Table (i.e., 3.55, 7.12, 10.71, 15.42, and 20.59). Pet. 19 (citing Ex. 1004, 
16). Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. McClurg, attests that disclosure of just these 
five peaks by the Mutz Table, let alone all seven disclosed in Mutz’s Figure 
1, would be sufficient to demonstrate to a skilled artisan that Mutz’s Form I 
is the same crystalline form as Form-β, as recited in claim 1 of the ’816 
patent. Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 105–116). 
 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
25 
b. 
Claim 2 
 
Claim 2 recites: “Fingolimod hydrochloride crystalline Form-β 
according to claim 1, which is further characterized by DSC isotherm 
comprising endothermic peaks ranging between a. Peak-1—Between 40 to 
45° C., b. Peak-2—Between 65 to 70° C., c. Peak-3—Between 107 to 115° 
C., d. Peak-4—Between 265 to 270° C.” 
Petitioner repeats its argument above that Mutz discloses fingolimod 
HCl with an XRPD pattern that includes all of the ’816 patent claimed 
peaks, and further argues that Mutz also discloses DSC data that include all 
four claimed endothermic peaks, which lie within the recited ranges. Pet. 21 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 117–135). Specifically, Petitioner contends that Mutz 
discloses “DSC heating curves show[ing] three characteristic transitions at 
approximately 40° C, 66° C and 107° C.” Id. at 23 (quoting Ex. 1004, 15.) 
Petitioner asserts that these three transitions fall within the ranges recited in 
claim 2. Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 119–125). 
As further confirmation of this, Petitioner points to Wang,6 which also 
discloses endothermic DSC peaks for fingolimod HCl matching those in 
Mutz. Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 135–137). Petitioner contends Mutz 
further discloses that the “onset of decomposition” for fingolimod HCl is “at 
ca. [circa] 260 ° C,” which, Petitioner asserts, a skilled artisan would have 
understood as corresponding to claim 1’s Peak 4 “between 265 to 270° C.” 
Id. (quoting Ex. 1004 at 15). 
 
6 J.-R. Wang et al., Insight into the Conformational Polymorph 
Transformation of a Block-Buster Multiple Sclerosis Drug Fingolimod 
Hydrochloride (FTY 720), 109 J. PHARM. AND BIOMED. ANAL. 45–51 
(2015) (“Wang”) Ex. 1021. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
26 
Petitioner acknowledges the possibility that “ca. 260° C” as disclosed 
by Mutz may not constitute an express disclosure of the claimed 
endothermic peak at 265 to 270° C, however, Petitioner contends that this 
DSC peak is nevertheless inherently disclosed by Mutz. Pet. 23–24. 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
understand that, experimental parameters being equal, all fingolimod HCl 
will decompose at approximately the same temperature, regardless of what 
crystal form it was initially, and that this property will result in an 
endothermic peak in the claimed range. Id. at 24 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 128). 
Furthermore, as Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. McClurg, points out, a 
skilled artisan would recognize that, because the details of decomposition 
are dependent upon the details of the experiment, and independent of the 
initial form of the material, the degradation temperature is not a useful 
transition to characterize a crystalline material. Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 133–134, 136). This is because, at that point in the DSC scan, fingolimod 
hydrochloride has undergone at least three phase transitions, including a 
transition to a “phase with lower crystalline order” (i.e., a liquid crystal), and 
so is not a crystal form at all. Id. Consequently, Dr. McClurg opines, 
Peak 4 between 265 to 270° C is not even a distinguishing characteristic of 
Form-β. Id. 
 
c. 
Claim 3 
Claim 1 recites “Fingolimod hydrochloride crystalline Form-β 
characterized by X-ray powder diffraction pattern comprising characteristic 
2θ peaks selected from the XRPD peak set of 3.54, 7.07, 10.66, 15.35, 
20.52, 21.43 and 25.10 ± 0.1 2θ°” and DSC isotherm comprising the 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
27 
endothermic peaks ranging between 40 to 45° C. (Peak 1), 65 to 70° C. 
(Peak 2), 107 to 115° C. (Peak 3) and/or 265 to 270° C. (Peak 4). 
 
Petitioner argues that claim 3 is substantially identical to claims 1 and 
2 combined, with the exception of the use of “and/or”, which requires only 
three or more DSC endothermic peaks from the recited set. Pet. 25. 
 
d. 
Claim 4 
Claim 4 recites: “Fingolimod hydrochloride crystalline Form-β 
according to claim 3, characterized by X-ray powder diffraction pattern as 
disclosed in FIG. 3 [of the ’816 patent] and DSC isothermal pattern as 
disclosed in FIG. 4.” 
 
Figures 3 and 4 of the ’816 patent are reproduced in Section II.D, 
above. Petitioner argues that, based on the XRPD data disclosed by Mutz, 
as discussed with respect to claim 1 above (see Section III.C.2.a), Mutz’s 
crystalline fingolimod HCl Form I is identifiable as Patent Owner’s Form-ß 
as disclosed by the XRPD pattern disclosed in Figure 3 of the ’816 patent. 
Pet. 26 (citing e.g., H. Lundbeck A/S v. Apotex Inc., No. CV 18-88-LPS, 
2019 WL 3206016, at *4 (D. Del. July 16, 2019) (construing “characterized 
by an XRPD [pattern] as shown in [any of] FIG[S] . . .” as “identifiable by 
reference to an x-ray powder diffraction pattern as shown in [any of] FIG[S] 
. . . ”). Petitioner provides a comparison between the XRPD spectra of 
Figure 3 of the ’816 patent (Form-β) and Figure 1 of Mutz (Form I): 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
28 
 
Petitioner’s annotated illustration depicting the XRPD spectra 
of Figure 3 of the ’816 patent (top) and Mutz’s Figure 1 
(bottom) 
 
Furthermore, argues Petitioner, as discussed above with respect to 
claim 2 (see Section III.C.2.b), the DSC information in Mutz demonstrates 
that Mutz’s Form I is identifiable as Form-β of the ’816 patent by reference 
to the DSC isothermal pattern disclosed in Figure 4 of the ’816 patent. Pet. 
28. 
 
Petitioner asserts that a person of skill in the art would understand that 
both XRPD spectra and DSC isothermal curves can demonstrate some slight 
variability depending upon various experimental factors. Pet. 27, 28–29 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 140–141, 146). Nevertheless, argues Petitioner, a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have recognized that the XRPD and DSC 
information disclosed by Mutz is for the same crystal form as that depicted 
in Figures 3 and 4 of the ’816 patent. Id. 
 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
29 
3. 
Patent Owner’s Response 
a. 
Mutz does not disclose all of the XRPD Peaks recited in claims 
1 and 3 of the ’816 patent 
 
Patent Owner contends that only five of the seven XRPD peaks 
recited in claims 1–4 are disclosed by Mutz. PO Resp. 8. Furthermore, 
argues Patent Owner, the fourth DSC peak of claims 2 and 4 is not disclosed 
in Mutz, and there is no basis to categorically disregard a claimed feature as 
inconsequential when evaluating anticipation, as Petitioner urges. Id. (citing 
MPEP § 2131; Verdegaal Bros. v. Union Oil Co. of California, 814 F.2d 
628, 631 (Fed. Cir. 1987)). 
 
Patent Owner first asserts that Petitioner has not established that 
XRPD peaks at 21.43 and 25.10, each ±0.1°2θ, are present in Mutz’s Form I. 
PO Resp. 8 (citing Ex. 2052 ¶¶ 89–90, 117). Patent Owner asserts that the 
method employed by Petitioner’s expert, Dr. McClurg (visually measuring 
the peak location with ruler and extrapolating) is too imprecise to establish 
the presence of peaks at 21.43 and 25.10 within ± 0.1° 2θ. Id. at 8–9. 
Petitioner contends that an accuracy of ±0.1° 2θ, which corresponds to about 
±0.01 inches in Mutz Figure 1, is smaller than the finest division of 1/64ˊˊ 
on a precision ruler. Id. at 9. Patent Owner argues that Dr. McClurg’s 
estimation of peaks at 21.4° and 25.0° is therefore not reliable evidence that 
Mutz discloses peaks at 21.43° and 25.10° ±0.1° 2θ. Id. at 9 (citing 
Ex. 2052 ¶¶ 117–124). 
 
Patent Owner also argues that there are other subtle differences 
between the XRPD patterns of Mutz Form I, Fig. 1 and the ’816 patent’s 
Form β, Fig. 3, that indicate changes in their respective atomic arrangements 
within the fingolimod HCl molecule, and which confirm that these are not 
the same polymorphs. PO Resp. 12. By way of example, Patent Owner 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
30 
points to the region between roughly 17.5 and 22.5° 2θ for the XRPD 
patterns of the two materials, Mutz Form I (bottom spectrum) has five peaks 
in a narrow range near 20° 2θ while the ’816 Form β (top spectrum) shows 
fewer peaks over this same region. Also, Patent Owner contends, there are 
significant differences in intensities of corresponding peaks in the two 
samples, which further evidences different atomic arrangements. Ex. 2052 
¶ 125. Petitioner’s comparison of the XRPD spectra of the ’816 patent and 
Mutz are reproduced again below, for the convenience of the reader: 
 
 
Patent Owner also notes that, in the ’816 patent, fingolimod 
hydrochloride Form μ has five of the seven Form β peaks in claim 1 – 3.54, 
10.66, 15.35, 21.43 and 25.10 ±0.1 2θ° – but differs at 7.07 and is unclear as 
to 20.52. PO Resp. 12 (comparing Ex. 1001, Table 3 and Fig. 5 (Form μ) 
with claim 1 (Form β)).7 
Patent Owner also points to Kumar,8 which discloses fingolimod 
hydrochloride Form Y, which has peaks that overlap Form β at 3.54, 10.66 
 
7 Patent Owner states that, because the XRPD peaks are all digitally assigned 
in the ’816, a direct comparison can be made. 
8 Kumar et al. (US 9,815,772 B2, November 14, 2017) (“Kumar”) Ex. 2057. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
31 
and 21.43, and with Form I at 3.55, 7.12 and 10.71 using a ±0.1° 2θ 
tolerance. Id. at 12–13 (citing Ex. 2057, col. 18, ll. 5–36, Fig. 4.; Ex. 2055 
¶ 15). Patent Owner points to Ex parte Chen, in which the Board was not 
persuaded that an overlay of the prior art’s XRPD versus the XRPD 
disclosed in the application was sufficient to show identity, and cautioned 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have recognized the 
importance of exercising care when evaluating and comparing XRPD 
patterns, because “[i]t is possible for polymorphs of the same . . . [API] to 
share overlapping peaks.” Id. at 13 (citing 2022 Pat. App. LEXIS 5529, at 
19, 20–21 (PTAB, Nov. 15, 2022)). 
Patent Owner next points to differences in the DSC curves of Mutz 
Forms I–III and Form β of the ’816 patent. PO Resp. 13. Patent Owner 
notes that Mutz is silent about the presence of any exothermic reactions in its 
material, whereas Form β shows a significant exotherm near 166° C and a 
second exotherm which Dr. McClurg states begins at approximately 252° C. 
Id. (citing Ex. 1001, Fig. 4; Ex. 1002 ¶ 142). 
Patent Owner also argues that, in its complaint in the related district 
court litigation, Patent Owner alleged that Wang obtained single crystal X-
Ray data from crystalline material prepared from a sample of fingolimod 
hydrochloride from a commercial source from China. PO Resp. 14 (citing 
Ex. 1028 ¶ 39; Ex. 1021, 2). Patent Owner asserts that Wang’s material did 
not come from Novartis and was not replicated from Mutz. Id. 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s arguments that allegations made in 
the Patent Owner’s complaint in the district court litigation support its 
anticipation case. PO Resp. 14 (citing Pet., 3, 20). Patent Owner argues that 
Petitioner relies on an inaccurate assumption; that Wang analyzed Form I of 
Mutz. Patent Owner asserts that Wang did not analyze Mutz Form I, and 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
32 
that its complaint nowhere mentions Mutz. Id. (citing Ex. 1028; Pet. 3). 
Patent Owner asserts that its complaint does not rely on Mutz to establish 
infringement of the ’816 patent. Id. at 15. 
 
Patent Owner points out that Dr. McClurg equates the structure of 
Mutz Form I with the structure proposed by Wang. PO Resp. 16 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 95). Patent Owner notes that Wang never made such a 
comparison, and argues that Dr. McClurg’s comparison of the XRPD 
patterns of Mutz and Wang relies on an allegedly crude and inaccurate 
visual method of different graphs, as discussed above. Id. (citing Ex. 2052 
¶ 129). Patent Owner argues that certain similarities between Wang’s 2015 
report analyzing a sample from China, and Mutz, does not prove that Form β 
is the same as Mutz’s Form I. Id. 
 
Patent Owner also notes that Dr. McClurg’s analysis relies on 
“indexing” using a proprietary algorithm called TRIADS to allegedly 
determine the lattice parameters of fingolimod Form β. PO Resp. 16 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 97–98). Patent Owner contends that upon, on cross-
examination, Dr. McClurg testified that TRIADS is a non-GMP and non-
FDA validated program. Id. According to Patent Owner, the program is 
unique to Dr. McClurg’s laboratory, not open to the scientific community, 
and its reliability and accuracy have not been confirmed or peer-reviewed by 
the larger scientific community and should therefore be accorded little 
evidentiary weight. Id. at 16–17 (citing Ex. 2054, 130–132; Ex. 2052 
¶ 130). 
 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
33 
b. 
Mutz does not expressly or inherently disclose the 4th DSC 
peak recited in claims 2 and 4 
 
Patent Owner next argues that there is no express disclosure in Mutz 
of the fourth DSC peak at 265–270° C recited in claim 2, and more narrowly 
in claim 4. PO Resp. 17. According to Patent Owner, Petitioner asserts that 
claim 2 is anticipated because Mutz’s statement that “the onset of 
decomposition at ca. 260° C,” is an express disclosure of the fourth DSC 
peak at 265–270° C. Id. (quoting Pet. 23). Patent Owner asserts that it is 
nevertheless undisputed that Mutz reports no DSC endothermic peak 
between 265–270° C. Id. 
 
Patent Owner further contends that the fourth DSC peak is not 
inherently disclosed by Mutz. PO Resp. 17 (citing Pet. 23–24). Patent 
Owner argues that the fourth peak is not inherently disclosed because: (1) an 
onset of decomposition ca. 260° C observed by thermomicroscopy does not 
inevitably result in a DSC endotherm at 265–270° C; and (2) all forms of 
fingolimod HCl do not necessarily and inevitably exhibit a DSC endotherm 
at 265–270° C. Id. Patent Owner notes that, at his deposition, Dr. McClurg 
admitted that it was not his position that “the thermal microscopy implies 
that there is an endothermic peak at a particular temperature above the 
onset.” Id. at 18 (citing Ex. 2054, 30–31:9). Patent Owner argues that, even 
assuming the onset of decomposition in Fig. 4 of the ’816 patent is 252° C as 
asserted by Dr. McClurg, the fourth endothermic peak recited in challenged 
claim 2 (at 265–270°C) would be 13 to 18° C above the onset of 
decomposition. Patent Owner asserts that Dr. McClurg’s opinion that Mutz 
would therefore inherently have an endothermic peak at 265–270° C, i.e., 5– 
10° C above the onset of decomposition, is neither certain nor inevitable. Id. 
(citing (Ex. 1002 ¶ 142; Ex. 2052 ¶ 137). Patent Owner also notes that Dr. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
34 
McClurg admitted that the onset of decomposition by thermomicroscopy is 
not a reliable indicator of the point at which an endothermic peak would be 
measured above that by DSC. Id. (citing Ex. 2054, 41). 
 
Patent Owner next argues that Petitioner’s argument that, 
experimental parameters being equal, all fingolimod hydrochloride will 
decompose at roughly the same temperature and have an endothermic peak 
in the claimed range, is unsupported by the evidence. PO Resp. 19 (citing 
Pet. 24 (citing McClurg, Ex. 1002 ¶ 128)). According to Patent Owner, the 
evidence shows that not all fingolimod hydrochloride forms have an 
endothermic peak in the claimed range of 265–270° C. Id. By way of 
example, Patent Owner points to Figure 4 of Gidwani, identified as being a 
DSC curve of Gidwani’s fingolimod Form B, which, Patent Owner 
contends, refutes Petitioner’s argument by exhibiting an exothermic event 
around the claimed 265–270o C range. Id. (citing Ex. 1005, col. 13, ll. 43–
59). Patent Owner also points to Figure 5 Gidwani, which depicts the DSC 
curve from another fingolimod hydrochloride, produced in Example 6, that 
lacks an endothermic peak at 265–270° C, whereas Form α of the ’816 
patent exhibits an endothermic peak above 270° C. Id. (citing Ex. 1005, 
Figure 5; Ex. 1001, Fig.2; Ex. 2052 ¶ 139). 
 
Patent Owner also disputes Petitioner’s position that the fourth DSC 
peak at 265–270° C is not a “distinguishing feature of form β,” because 
Mutz’s crystal has decomposed by that point. PO Resp. 20 (citing Pet. 24–
25). Patent Owner contends that the DSC peak at 265–270°C is a claimed 
feature which must be considered in an anticipation analysis. Id. at 20-21 
(citing Verdegaal Bros., 814 F.2d at 631). Equally irrelevant, argues Patent 
Owner, is the physical state of the claimed fingolimod HCl at 265–270° C, 
because the claim would be understood to require a crystalline form only at 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
35 
the onset of DSC, and does not distinguish between fingolimod HCl that is 
melted, liquid crystalline, decomposed, etc. at the Peak 4 range. Id. at 21. 
 
Additionally, Patent Owner argues, a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would understand that fingolimod Form β, after melting, can retain certain 
aspects of crystalline order, and provide a DSC endotherm between 265°–
270° C as shown Fig. 4 of the ’816 patent, while different conformational 
polymorphs, such as those described in Mutz’s Example 14, could exhibit 
different thermal behaviors post-melt. PO Resp. 21 (citing Ex. 2052 ¶ 10). 
Therefore, Patent Owner contends, the molecular conformation of Form β 
could be the origin of the exotherms at 160–180°C and 261° C along with 
the endotherm at 265–270° C, while a different molecular conformation 
such as Mutz’s Example 14 could result in different thermal behavior such 
as the absence of any of the exotherms and a lower dissociation temperature. 
Id. (citing Ex. 2052 ¶¶ 140–144). 
 
Summarizing, Patent Owner contends that Petitioner has failed to 
establish that Mutz inherently discloses the 4th DSC peak in claim 2 because 
evidence shows it does not result from DSC scans of all forms of fingolimod 
hydrochloride. PO Resp. 22 (citing Continental Can Co. USA v. Monsanto 
Co., 948 F.2d 1264, 1268–1269 (Fed. Cir. 1991)). 
 
c. 
Enablement of Mutz 
 
Patent Owner next argues that Mutz cannot anticipate the challenged 
claims because it does not contain an enabling disclosure of how to 
synthesize any of Forms I, II or III reported in Example 14, or of Form β of 
the ’816 patent. PO Resp. 41. Patent Owner contends that it is undisputed 
that Mutz fails to disclose how to make any of Forms I–III of its Example 14 
by chemical synthesis or recrystallization, and that enablement depends on 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
36 
the incorporation of the relevant disclosure of Fujita.9 Id. at 42. Such an 
incorporation, Patent Owner argues, is legally improper. Id. 
 
Patent Owner contends that Mutz is a published international/PCT 
application, which designates the U.S. and, under 35 U.S.C. § 363, is 
therefore a “regular” U.S. patent application. PO Resp. 42. Patent Owner 
contends that the Mutz application entered the national stage as US Appl. 
Ser. No. 13/128,825 on May 11, 2011. Id. (citing Ex. 2012, 2; In re 
Schwarz, 2018 Pat. App. LEXIS 4708, *3 (PTAB June 25, 2018); Broadcast 
Innovation, L.L.C. v. Charter Comms., Inc., 420 F.3d 1364, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 
2005)). 
 
Patent Owner contends that Mutz’s incorporation by reference of 
Fujita (disclosing a method for synthesizing crystalline fingolimod HCl) is 
improper under 37 C.F.R. § 1.57(d), because EP ’406 is neither a U.S. patent 
nor a U.S. patent application publication. PO Resp. 43. 
 
Patent Owner also argues that Mutz’s incorporation by reference of 
Fujita is too vague to satisfy the standard established by the Federal Circuit 
in Advanced Display Sys. Inc. v. Kent State Univ., 212 F.3d 1272, 
1282 (Fed. Cir. 2000). PO Resp. 44. According to Patent Owner, that 
standard requires that the host document must identify with detailed 
particularity what specific material it incorporates and clearly indicate where 
that material is found. Id. (citing Advanced Display, 212 F.3d at 1282). 
Patent Owner argues that Mutz’s nonspecific incorporation of “the relevant 
disclosure” of Fujita is the exact opposite of the detailed particularity 
required by the Federal Circuit, and wrongfully requires a person of ordinary 
skill in the art to ferret out “the relevant disclosure.” Id. 
 
9 Fujita et al. (EP 0627406 B1, October 18, 1993) (“Fujita”) Ex. 1048. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
37 
 
Patent Owner notes that Mutz states that “2-Amino-2-[2-(4-C2-20-
alkyl-phenyl)ethyl] propane-1,3-diol compounds are disclosed in EP-A-
0627406.” PO Resp. 44 (citing Ex. 1004, 1). However, argues Patent 
Owner, Mutz does not disclose which of the 3 EP ’406 documents with three 
different disclosures (A1, A4, B1) is being referred to.10 Id. Patent Owner 
notes that, on August 31, 2022, Novartis filed Exhibit 1048, the B1 version, 
which lacks the details of Example 284(3) (another method for making 
fingolimod and its HCl salt which cannot be Mutz Form I) in the A1 version. 
Id. (citing Ex. 2117). 
 
Specifically, Patent Owner contends that Mutz claims to be the first to 
discover polymorphic forms of fingolimod hydrochloride, stating that “[t]he 
present invention is based in part on a discovery that the FTY720 
hydrochloride exhibits polymorphism …. [a]ccordingly, the present 
invention provides novel crystalline forms of FTY720 hydrochloride.” PO 
Resp. 45 (citing Ex. 1004, 1; Ex. 2052, ¶ 107). Patent Owner argues that, 
because Mutz describes and claims novel crystalline polymorphic forms of 
fingolimod HCl, they cannot have been made by Fujita’s Example 29, or by 
Example 284. Id. at 45–46. 
 
Patent Owner points to the Board’s Decision to Institute, in which we 
recognized the large genus of compounds disclosed in Fujita, and concluded 
that a POSA “would then look to Fujita for the method of synthesizing the 
sole compound disclosed by Mutz: … crystalline fingolimod hydrochloride.” 
PO Resp. 46 (quoting Dec. 29–30. Patent Owner argues that such a 
 
10 Patent Owner states that Mutz cites “EP-A-0627406.” See Ex. 2121, p.2, 
listing A1, A4 and B1 publications. EP 0 627 406 A1 is a published 
application (258 pages), EP 0 627 406 A4 is a search report and claim set 
(35 pages) and EP 0 627 406 B1 a European patent (222 pages). 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
38 
conclusion is not supported, because: 1) Mutz never identified which version 
of Fujita was incorporated; 2) Mutz never expressly incorporated Fujita to 
supply the missing synthesis of Form I in Example 14; 3) the clear text of 
Mutz states that its polymorphic forms are novel; and 4) Petitioner and the 
Board, not Mutz, supplied the detailed particularity required for 
incorporation. Id. 
 
Patent Owner contends that nothing in the Mutz application states that 
the “relevant disclosure” of “2-Amino-2“ “[2-(4-C2-20-alkyl phenyl)ethyl] 
propane-1,3-diol compounds” in Fujita was directed specifically to 
Examples 28/29. PO Resp. 47 (citing Dec. 30–31). According to Patent 
Owner, Mutz could have expressly incorporated by reference Examples 
28/29 or Example 284(3) of Fujita by naming those Examples specifically if 
synthesis details were desired, but it did not. Id. (citing Advanced Display, 
212 F.3d at 1282). 
 
Patent Owner also argues that, in the Decision to Institute, the Board 
erred in adopting Petitioner’s argument that “Fujita expressly teaches the 
synthesis of Form I in Examples 28 and 29.” PO Resp. 47-48 (quoting Dec. 
30). According to Patent Owner, this finding is contradicted by Mutz’s 
statements that the inventors “discovered” polymorphism for fingolimod 
HCl, that its Form I was novel over Fujita, and that Fujita Example 29 says 
nothing about any polymorphic form and contains no XRPD or DSC data, 
and discloses a melting point difference of 11–13o C. Id. 
 
Patent Owner again emphasizes that Mutz is silent on how to 
synthesize fingolimod HCl Forms I–III. PO Resp. 48. Patent Owner 
acknowledges that Form II is described as a temperature-based polymorphic 
form that exists between 40–66o C, and Form III is also a temperature-based 
form said to exist between 66–107o C. Id. (citing (Ex. 1004, 1). Patent 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
39 
Owner similarly acknowledges that Mutz reports the formation of Form I by 
cooling crystalline Forms II or III to a temperature of less than 40o C, but 
nowhere does Mutz disclose how to prepare or synthesize Forms II or III as 
starting materials for Form I. Id. at 48–49 (citing Ex. 1004, 3). Patent 
Owner asserts that the need for an enabling disclosure in Mutz is especially 
acute because Mutz claims to be the first to discover polymorphic forms of 
fingolimod hydrochloride, and that a discovery of novel crystalline forms 
demands an explanation of how those forms are to be made. PO Resp. 49 
(citing Ex. 1004, 1; Chiron Corp. v. Genentech Inc., 363 F.3d 1247, 1254 
(Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
 
Patent Owner argues further that, in claiming to have discovered that 
fingolimod HCl exhibits polymorphism and describing novel crystalline 
forms thereof, Mutz makes clear that Forms I–III were not therefore 
disclosed in Fujita. PO Resp. 49–50. Patent Owner contends that, whatever 
product Examples 29 and 284(3)yielded, they were not fingolimod HCl 
Forms I–III. Id. at 50. 
 
Patent Owner contends that Example 29 of Fujita describes 
recrystallization of the HCl salt of fingolimod from ethanol, but does not 
specify the process conditions for recrystallization and does not state 
whether a polymorphic form was obtained. PO Resp. 50. According to 
Patent Owner, in 2010, it was well known in the art that recrystallization 
conditions would have significant impacts on polymorph crystal structure, as 
both parties’ experts agree.11 Id. (citing Ex, 2052, ¶ 10; Ex. 2097 ¶¶ 23–24). 
 
11 Here Patent Owner refers, not to Dr. McClurg, but to the Declaration of 
Dr. Jerry L. Atwood, Petitioner’s expert in the district court litigation. 
Ex. 2097. 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
40 
Patent Owner contends that a skilled artisan would have known that slight 
processing differences in synthesis techniques can lead to distinct 
polymorphs, and it was not possible to predict in advance the characteristics 
of a given polymorph before making it and testing for its properties. Id. 
(citing Ex, 2052, ¶ 10; Ex. 2054, 97; Ex. 2055 ¶¶ 11–13). 
 
Patent Owner next points to the differences in recorded melting points 
of fingolimod HCl reported in Example 29 of Fujita (118–120o C) and Mutz 
(107° C), which Patent Owner argues, is too large to be accounted for by 
experimental error. PO Resp. 51 (citing Ex. 2052, ¶¶ 10, 92, 96, 101–106). 
Patent Owner contends that this is evidence that the product of Example 29 
was not any of fingolimod HCl Forms I–III disclosed in Mutz, and which is 
consistent with Mutz’s statement that Forms I–III were novel over Fujita. 
Id. 
 
Patent Owner further contends that the method of Example 284(3) of 
Fujita yields fingolimod HCl with a melting point of 125–126° C. Id. (citing 
Ex. 2117, 202). Patent Owner also points to the non-prior art reference 
Kudak, which analyzed a commercial sample of fingolimod hydrochloride 
different from the same Chinese sample as Wang, and concluded that the 
sample corresponded to Form α of the ’816 patent, with a melting point of 
118–120° C (391–393° K), the same as reported in Fujita’s Example 29. Id. 
 
Patent Owner next relates how, in carrying out an experiment within 
the scope of Example 29 of the ’229 patent12 (the U.S. counterpart of Fujita), 
Patent Owner’s district court complaint makes clear that it selected a number 
of conditions for recrystallization that are not specified in the ’229 patent. 
 
12 Fujita, et al. (US 5,604,229, February 18, 1997) (the “’229 patent”) 
Ex. 1003. 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
41 
PO Resp. (citing Ex. 1028 ¶¶ 31–32; Ex. 2084). Patent Owner asserts that 
its experiment does not demonstrate that the ’229 patent is enabling for any 
of Forms I–III of Mutz; beyond the 11–13o C melting point differences 
between Fujita Example 29 and Mutz, no experimental details specify the 
conditions for recrystallization in Example 29, and no XRPD or DSC data 
are present to allow a person of ordinary skill in the art to understand 
whether a crystalline form was even obtained, or what that form may have 
been even if obtained. Id. 
 
Patent Owner contends that the same is true for Example 284, and 
argues that the details of the recrystallization omitted from Examples 29 and 
284(3) of the ’229 patent were likely outcome-determinative as to any 
crystalline form of the product obtained. PO Resp. at 52–53. Patent Owner 
notes that Petitioner’s district court expert, Prof. Atwood, testified that with 
respect to fingolimod hydrochloride “[i]t is the recrystallization step that is 
the most important for the determination of crystal form” Id. at 53 (quoting 
Ex. 2097 ¶ 23). 
 
Next, Patent Owner contends that Petitioner mischaracterizes the 
disclosure of Westheim in asserting that Example 29 of Fujita “produces a 
stable and crystalline form … Form I.” PO Resp. 53 (citing Petitioner’s 
Reply Prelim. Resp., 3). Patent Owner asserts that, although paragraph 
[0010] of Westheim is worded awkwardly, when read as a whole, Westheim 
discloses that that, although Fujita described its own product as 
“recrystallized from ethanol,” Westheim’s reproduction of Fujita resulted in 
“waxy- or a cotton-like solid with poor filterability and flowability” Id. at 
54 (quoting Ex. 1006 ¶ 4; Ex. 2117, 168). Patent Owner further asserts that 
Westheim does not state that they replicated Fujita and obtained stable 
crystals by its process. Id. (citing Ex. 1004 ¶ 21). Patent Owner argues that 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
42 
Westheim repeated the crystallization processes of Example 29 of Fujita, 
and disparaged the results, stating that “fingolimod hydrochloride” is 
obtainable only as “a waxy- or a cotton-like solid with poor filterability and 
flowability” and thus inconvenient for large scale processing and 
formulation into pharmaceutical compositions. Id. (citing Ex. 1006 ¶ 4). 
According to Patent Owner, Westheim’s replicated sample does not comport 
with Fujita Example 29’s vague description of “the resultant crystals were 
recrystallized from ethanol to give 4.2 g of the subject compound.” Id. at 55 
(quoting Ex. 2117, 168). 
 
Patent Owner argues that, when replicating Example 29 in 2020 with 
selected crystallization conditions and knowledge of Patent Owner’s own 
prior work, Patent Owner obtained crystalline Form β as discussed above, 
whereas Westheim obtained an “off-white, greasy to sticky solid with 
lumps.” PO Resp. 55. Patent Owner contends that enablement cannot be 
shown using a specific compound not inherently formed by a prior art 
reference that generally describes a process that does not always result in the 
compound. Id. (citing Glaxo Inc. v. Novopharm Ltd., 52 F.3d 1043, 1047–
48 (Fed. Cir. 1995); In re Armodafinil Pat. Litig. Inc., 939 F. Supp. 2d 456, 
465 (D. Del. 2013)). Patent Owner concludes that Fujita does not inherently 
result in any particular crystalline form and cannot inherently enable Mutz’s 
anticipation of the Form β claims, given the lack of crystallization conditions 
reported. Id. at 56. 
 
Patent Owner also disputes Petitioner’s argument that European 
Patent Office (“EPO”) prosecution of its ’816 patent counterpart also 
supports anticipation, because Patent Owner allegedly acquiesced in a 
rejection of Form β claims over Mutz. PO Resp. 56 (citing Pet. 20–21). 
Patent Owner states that, at best, the EPO’s different positions on Mutz’s 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
43 
disclosure are equivocal, and do not support any conclusion that the EPO 
considered Mutz to be enabled. Id. 
 
Patent Owner further disputes the Board’s rejection, in its Decision to 
Institute, of Patent Owner’s argument that Mutz improperly incorporates by 
reference Fujita in violation of 37 C.F.R. 57(d). PO Resp. 57 (see Dec. 35–
26). Patent Owner argues that the Mutz U.S. ’817 application is subject to 
Rule 57(d), and cannot incorporate Fujita for essential subject matter. Id. 
Furthermore, argues Patent Owner, the Examiner had Fujita before him 
during Examination of the ’817 application, both as Fujita and the ’229 
patent. Id. (citing Ex. 2120, 680). Patent Owner notes that the ’817 
application’s claims to Forms I–III were rejected on June 8, 2015 for lack of 
possession under Section 112(a) because there was no disclosed procedure 
of how to make those forms other than from each other. Id. (citing Ex. 2120, 
664–665; Ex. 2014, 6–7. Patent Owner relates that, rather than respond to 
that rejection, Mutz abandoned the application. Id. (citing Ex. 2120, 719). 
 
Finally, Patent Owner argues that patent offices in Europe (Ex. 2019), 
Japan (Ex. 2012, 3; Exs. 2019–2022), Australia (Ex. 2012, p.3; Exs. 2034–
2036), and Mexico (Ex. 2012, 3; Exs.2037–2038), among other 
countries, all rejected claims in Mutz’s counterpart applications for failure to 
adequately disclose how to obtain Forms I, II or III. PO Resp. 57–58. 
 
4. 
Petitioner’s Reply 
a. 
Anticipation 
 
Petitioner contends that Patent Owner’s complaint in the district court 
litigation alleges that Petitioner’s Gilenya® brand multiple sclerosis 
medicine uses fingolimod hydrochloride Form I, which allegedly infringes 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
44 
Claims 1–4. Pet. Reply 4 (citing Ex. 1028 ¶¶ 38–44.) Petitioner asserts that 
this allegation is essentially an admission that Mutz anticipates the 
fingolimod form β recited in the challenge claims. Id. (citing Polaroid 
Corp. v. Eastman Kodak Co., 789 F.2d 1556, 1573 (Fed. Cir. 1986) (holding 
that “[t]hat which infringes if later anticipates if earlier”) (citing Peters v. 
Active Mfg. Co., 129 U.S. 530, 537 (1889)). 
 
Petitioner disputes Patent Owner’s argument that the “Form I” in its 
district court complaint is not Mutz’s Form I, but a different “Form I” from 
the Wang paper. Pet. Reply 5 (citing PO Resp. 14–15). Petitioner contends 
that Patent Owner’s contention is refuted by Wang, Mutz, and the district 
court complaint. Id. According to Petitioner, Wang and Mutz are about the 
same Form I: Wang discloses that Mutz reports “[t]hree different 
polymorphs,” and that the Wang analysis is about ‘“the’ existing ‘three 
polymorphs.’” Id. (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 10–12; Ex. 1021, 45, ref. 13). 
 
Petitioner also argues that Patent Owner’s statement that the district 
court complaint “nowhere even mentions Mutz” is not factually correct. Pet. 
Reply 5 (citing PO Resp. 14). Petitioner points to paragraph 38 of the 
complaint, which discloses that Wang’s forms “were disclosed in Novartis’ 
2010 patent application … WO 2010/055028 A2,” which is Mutz. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1028 ¶ 38; Ex. 1004, 1). Petitioner also points to the complaint’s 
statement that Wang merely “reported” on the Mutz forms’ “single 
crystal diffraction data.” Id. Petitioner asserts that nothing in the complaint 
or in Wang suggests that the Form I in Mutz and Wang are somehow 
different. Id. 
 
Petitioner argues that each of the five Form I peaks from Mutz’s list 
is within ±0.1° 2θ of the ’816 patent peak as per Shilpa’s claims, as 
demonstrated in the chart below: 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
45 
 
Pet. Reply 6 Citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 13–17). Petitioner states that Mutz discloses 
the XRPD peaks recited in the challenged claims. 
 
Petitioner next argues that Mutz discloses all of the seven peaks 
recited in the challenged claims. Pet. Reply 11. Petitioner asserts that 
Figure 1 of Mutz presents all the claimed peaks, including the two at 21.43° 
and 25.10° ±0.1° 2θ not expressly disclosed in Mutz’s peak list, as illustrated 
in the Figure below, and confirmed by Patent Owner’s internal spreadsheet, 
reproduced above: 
 
Figure 1 of Mutz (detail) illustrating a portion of the XRPD 
spectrum of fingolimod Form I. 
 
Petitioner points to other of Patent Owner’s internal documents, which 
indicated that several potential customers recognized that Patent Owner’s 
fingolimod HCl Form-β and Form I of Mutz contain the same peaks; at least 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
46 
one of these third parties expressed concern that manufacturing Patent 
Owner’s Form-β could expose them to an action for willful infringement. 
Pet. Reply 11 (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 167–168; Ex. 1102, 104; Ex. 1103; 
Ex. 1119, 019; Ex. 1104, 049). 
 
Petitioner dismisses Patent Owner’s criticism of Dr. McClurg’s 
methodology as being inaccurate, asserting that Dr. McClurg used the same 
method as Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Mayo, employing an enlargement of 
the XRPD spectrum for his measurements. Pet. Reply 13 (citing Ex. 2052 
¶¶ 117–130; Ex. 1066 (Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 32–39). Moreover, argues Patent 
Owner, Dr. McClurg’s subsequent use of Un-Scan-It digitizing software to 
measure the location of the XRPD Form I peaks validates Dr. McClurg’s 
original observations. Id. at 14 (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 48–51). 
 
With respect to the DSC values recited in the challenged claims, 
Petitioner argues that Mutz also lists three DSC peaks for Form I and 
identifies a decomposition temperature with onset of “ca. 260°.” Pet. Reply 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 6, 117, 119–134, 142–146; Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 52–55; Ex. 1004, 
16.) Petitioner notes that Patent Owner acknowledges that Form I’s DSC 
Peaks 1–3 are the same as Form-β’s, arguing only that Mutz lacks the 
challenged claims’ recited DSC Peak 4. Id. Petitioner argues that claimed 
Peak 4: (1) is not entitled to patentable weight; and (2) is disclosed by Mutz. 
Id. 
 
With respect to (1), Petitioner argues that the “and/or” language of 
challenged claims 3 and 4, renders Peak 4 optional, and that “optional 
elements do not narrow the claim because they can always be omitted.” Pet. 
Reply 15 (quoting In re Johnston, 435 F.3d 1381, 1384 (Fed. Cir. 2006); 
also citing Ex parte Schulhauser, 2013-007847, at 6–7 (PTAB Apr. 28, 
2016) (precedential); MPEP § 2111.04). 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
47 
 
With respect to claim 2, Petitioner argues that Peak 4 can also be 
disregarded. Pet. Reply 15. Petitioner notes that the challenged claims of 
the ’816 patent are directed to a composition of matter. Id. Petitioner points 
to In re Wilder, 429 F.2d 447 (C.C.P.A. 1970) as holding that “a particular 
property said to be possessed by the recited composition, be that property 
newly-discovered or not, does not necessarily change the scope of the 
subject matter otherwise defined by that claim.” Id. (quoting Wilder, 429 
F.2d at 450; also citing In re Corkill, 771 F.2d 1496, 1498–99 (1985); 
Titanium Metals Corp. of Am. v. Banner, 778 F.2d 775, 782 (Fed. Cir. 
1985)). Put plainly, argues Petitioner, a composition claim is directed to 
what a thing is, and not what it does or how it behaves, and claim elements 
that add nothing more than a composition’s supposed properties have no 
necessary weight. Id. at 16. 
 
Petitioner argues that Peak 4 is not, in any case, a property of Form-β. 
Pet. Reply 16. Petitioner points to the testimony of Patent Owner’s expert, 
Dr. Mayo, who agrees that Peak 4 reflects the decomposition of fingolimod 
at high temperature and that this peak “is not descriptive of the structure in 
the solid state” because “the material has melted[.]” Id. (citing Ex. 2052 
¶ 140). Petitioner’s expert, Dr. McClurg opines that Peak 4 cannot 
characterize Form-β/I; it is simply too far removed from that form because it 
is separated by five transitions, including through two liquid (i.e., 
noncrystalline) forms, and a temperature increase of over 200° C. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 56–64, 84). Petitioner notes that Patent Owner has omitted 
Peak 4 from the DSC characterization in its Drug Master File, as well as in 
other business records. Id. (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 81–83; Ex. 1075, 21; 
Ex. 1076, 4). 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
48 
 
With respect to (2), whether Peak 4 is disclosed by Mutz, Petitioner 
argues that it is undisputed that Mutz identifies the “onset” of decomposition 
at “ca. 260°C,” or that Peak 4 reflects decomposition of fingolimod. Pet. 
Reply 17. Nor, argues Petitioner, is there any dispute that decomposition 
always produces a DSC peak, or that that peak will occur sometime after 
onset of decomposition. Id. (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 85–87). 
 
Petitioner contends that Patent Owner and its expert’s argument that 
Mutz does not say if DSC was used to measure decomposition is irrelevant. 
Pet. Reply 17 (citing PO Resp. 17; Ex. 2052 ¶¶ 131–137). Petitioner asserts 
that neither Patent Owner nor Dr. Mayo dispute that decomposition always 
produces a DSC signal, as shown by Dr. McClurg. Id. at 17–18 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 127–132; Ex .1066 ¶¶ 86–92). Petitioner argues that the DSC 
signal is inherent, and that other evidence Shilpa cites shows as much: in 
every DSC curve in the prior art, decomposition produces a DSC signal. Id. 
at 18 (citing Ex. 1084, 3; Ex. 1085, 3; Ex. 1086, 6). 
 
Next, Petitioner disputes Patent Owner’s contention that the 
differences in the range claimed for Peak 4, i.e., 265–270°C, and the circa 
260° C value for decomposition disclosed by Mutz defeats inherency. Pet. 
Reply 18 (citing PO Resp. 17–19; Ex. 2052 ¶¶ 131–145). Petitioner 
contends that Patent Owner and its expert ignore normal experimental 
variation between DSC runs, as stated by Dr. McClurg. Id. (citing Ex. 1066 
¶¶ 93–103). According to Dr. McClurg, variation in temperature of 
decomposition is well known in the art, because the process involves a 
chemical transformation such as oxidizing, burning, or otherwise 
dissociating, depending on conditions. Id. (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 54, 99–103, 
105–117). 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
49 
 
Petitioner argues further that Patent Owner’s argument that 
decomposition does not dictate the type of DSC produced and that certain 
Novartis DSC curves for Form I contain exothermic rather than endothermic 
peaks, disregards Dr. McClurg’s testimony that DSC peaks are consistent 
only if all experimental variables are constant. Pet. Reply 19 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 128–130, 159; Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 93–103, 105–117). Petitioner points 
to Dr. McClurg’s testimony that this is especially true for decomposition 
peaks, given the number of experimental variables that can affect the 
decomposition temperature. Id. (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 99–103, 105–117). 
 
Petitioner also notes that Dr. McClurg describes the many variables 
that can differ between experiments and affect the contours of the DSC 
curve, that, only if the experimental variables are kept constant will the DSC 
curves be reliably reproducible. Pet. Reply 19 (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 93–103, 
105–117; also citing Ex. 2124, 168). Petitioner therefore contends that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art observing decomposition Peak 4 in the 
’816 patent would understand that, as a byproduct of decomposition, the 
same peak would appear under the same experimental conditions as those 
used for the ’816 patent’s challenged claims. Id. at 19–20 (citing Ex. 1066 
¶¶ 106, 110). 
 
With respect to Patent Owner’s argument that subtle differences 
between the XRPD spectra and DSC curves would lead a person of ordinary 
skill in the art to conclude that Form β was not anticipated by Mutz, but was 
instead novel, Petitioner argues that cases involving polymorphs have 
frequently rejected such arguments. Pet. Reply 20 (citing, e.g., Eisai Co., 
Ltd. v. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., No. CV 13-1279-LPS, 2015 
WL 1228958, at *8 (D. Del. Mar. 17, 2015); H. Lundbeck A/S v. Apotex Inc., 
2019 WL 3206016, at *4 (D. Del. July 16, 2019); AstraZeneca AB v. Dr. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
50 
Reddy’s Lab’ys, Inc., 2013 WL 1847639, at *8 (D.N.J. May 1, 2013); 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Apotex, Inc., 2013 WL 1314733, at *17–19, 
*30–33 (D.N.J. Mar. 28, 2013)). Petitioner contends that the weight of 
evidence shows that differences would be within the range of normal 
variation and are not otherwise claimed as “characteristic” peaks, and that, 
accordingly, “this is not a situation where the difference in diffraction 
pattern could only be attributed to a difference in crystal structure.” Id. 
(quoting In re Grose, 592 F.2d 1161, 1167 (C.C.P.A. 1979)). 
 
By way of example, Petitioner points to Dr. Mayo’s testimony that 
certain peaks in Form I of Mutz are absent in the claimed Form β. Pet. 
Reply 21 (citing Ex. 2052 ¶ 125). Petitioner’s expert Dr. McClurg, by 
contrast, testifies that the poor resolution of the spectrum is the explanation, 
rather than differences in crystal structure. Id. at 22 (citing Ex. 1066 
¶¶ 136–139). Petitioner alleges Patent Owner is aware of this, because 
when, in response to a customer request, Patent Owner created a “zoomed 
in” Form-β XRPD spectrum, it showed the exact same peak split as in Mutz 
Figure 1, along with the other peaks Dr. Mayo says are missing. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 138–139; Ex. 1096; Ex. 1097). Petitioner states that this 
evidence was not shown to either Dr. Mayo or Dr. Eckhardt prior to making 
their Declarations. Id. 
 
With respect to enablement of the Mutz reference, Petitioner argues 
that Mutz expressly discloses that “the various crystalline forms” of 
fingolimod hydrochloride “may be obtained according to the procedures 
given in the Examples herein,” which includes the Examples incorporated 
from Fujita, especially Example 29. Pet. Reply 24 (citing Dec. 25–31). 
Petitioner notes that Mutz further discloses the “process for production of 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
51 
crystalline Form I” would comprise merely “cooling … to a temperature of 
less than 40°C.” Id. (citing Ex. 1004, 3). 
 
Next, Petitioner contends that, as shown by 2014 Patent Owner 
internal documents, Patent Owner’s scientists followed Example 29 and 
produced Form I in Mutz. Pet. Reply 24 (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 169–172; 
Ex. 1104, 3, 5; Ex. 1105, 2; Ex. 1106). Petitioner alleges that Patent Owner 
also reproduced Example 29 in 2020 and that, despite Dr. Rafiuddin’s13 
Declaration statement to the effect that Example 29 had “many gaps in the 
process,” a contemporaneous email by Patent Owner describes the same 
experiment as being within the capabilities of a ‘“person skilled in the art’ 
including recrystallization by ‘simply’ stirring and washing.”’ Id. at 24–25 
(citing (Ex. 2084; Ex. 1107, 2). 
 
Finally, Petitioner contends that Kiuchi14 also teaches how to make 
Form I fingolimod HCl. Pet. Reply 25. Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner 
used the method disclosed by Kiuchi to produce Form I in 2014. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 166–168; Ex. 1102, 2; Ex. 1103). Petitioner also notes that 
various third parties also used the Kiuchi method to synthesize fingolimod 
HCl Form I. Id. at 25–26 (citing Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 183–188; Ex. 1110; Ex. 1111). 
 
5. 
Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply 
 
Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply is largely repetitive of the arguments 
presented in its Response. PO Sur-Reply 1–9, 18–26. With respect to 
 
13 Dr. Rafiuddin is a scientist employed by Patent Owner. 
14 M. Kiuchi, et al., Synthesis and Immunosuppressive Activity of 2-
Substituted 2-Aminopropane-1,3-diols and 2-Aminoethanols, 43 J. MED. 
CHEM. 2946–61 (2000) (“Kiuchi”) Ex. 1007. 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
52 
Petitioner’s argument concerning the enablement of Mutz, Patent Owner 
asserts that the text of Example 1 fails to demonstrate that Form I was 
obtained. Id. at 10. Patent Owner states that Petitioner neglected to add that 
Mutz discloses that Form I is obtained by cooling Form II or Form III, but 
that Mutz is silent with respect to how to synthesize either of those two 
forms. Id. 
 
Patent Owner argues further that Petitioner’s arguments with respect 
to the enablement of Mutz are misplaced because they rely upon Patent 
Owner’s internal documents. PO Sur-Reply 10. In particular, Patent Owner 
argues that these documents are not probative because they post-date Mutz 
and because, as internal documents, their substance was not known in the art 
when Mutz was filed. Id. Patent Owner contends that attempts to prepare 
Mutz Form I based upon Fujita or Kiuchi and performed subsequent to 
Mutz’s 2008 filing date were unsuccessful. Id. at 10–11. Patent Owner 
asserts that its internal documents actually demonstrate that attempts to 
replicate Fujita’s Example 29 were unsuccessful and led to compounds other 
than fingolimod HCl Form I.15 Id. at 11. 
 
Specifically, Patent Owner contends that its 2014 experiment was not 
a replication of Fujita’s Example 29 and did not produce Mutz Form I. PO 
Sur–Reply 11. To the contrary, Patent Owner asserts that Dr. Rafiuddin 
modified Example 29 in several ways not disclosed by Fujita, including: (1) 
adding HCl/ether “under stirring to get the clear solution”; (2) stirring for 30 
minutes at room temp; (3) recovering the solvent at “45–50° C under 
 
15 Patent Owner notes that none of these documents are admissible and that 
Patent Owner could not submit evidence at that stage of the proceeding. 
PO Sur-Reply 11. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
53 
vacuum.” Id. at 11–12 (citing Ex. 1106, 2; Ex. 1001, Processes A, B). 
Patent Owner argues that, in the 2020 experiment referenced in the district 
court complaint, Dr. Rafiuddin made similar modifications to Fujita to 
obtain crystallin fingolimod HCl. Id. at 12–13. Patent Owner argues that 
this procedure was far removed from the “barebones” of Fujita’s Example 
29, and was performed without knowing the outcome beforehand. Id. at 13 
(citing Ex. 1107, Ex. 2084). Patent Owner asserts that nothing in Exhibit 
1107 suggests that a person of ordinary skill in the art could have made 
fingolimod HCl Form I in 2008 based on Fujita’s Example 29. Id. 
 
Patent Owner similarly dismisses the 2012 replication of Example 29 
by a third party as being speculative, based upon a partial XRPD spectrum, 
no peak data tables or other characterization, and little information on how it 
had been obtained. PO Sur-Reply 13. 
 
Patent Owner next argues that Petitioner’s reliance on Kiuchi is a new 
argument, not presented in the Petition and not permissible in Petitioner’s 
Reply. PO Sur-Reply 14. Patent Owner contends that, although Petitioner 
cites the Petition’s assertion that methods for synthesizing crystalline 
fingolimod HCl had been published (including citing Kiuchi), that is 
insufficient to establish that Kiuchi enables the production of fingolimod 
HCl Form I. Id. (citing Pet. 5; PO Resp. 45–47). 
 
With respect to the third-party submissions cited by Petitioner, Patent 
Owner contends that these Exhibits 1110 and 1111 are either irrelevant or 
inadmissible. PO Sur-Reply 15–16. Patent Owner contends that Exhibit 
1110 is irrelevant as it contains no experimental results at all and only 
prophesizes that Form I would be obtained. Id. at 16. Similarly, argues 
Patent Owner, Exhibit 1111 is inadmissible, and also does not identify any 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
54 
experimental procedures, and yielded Mutz’s fingolimod HCl Form II, and 
not Form I. Id. 
 
6. 
Analysis 
 
Before beginning our analysis proper, we believe that it will be 
helpful to the reader to briefly describe the two types of technologies 
essential to our results, as described in the prior art and as understood by a 
person of ordinary skill at the time of the filing of the ’816 patent, the nature 
of the data obtained from them, and how this data figures into our analysis of 
the disclosures of the cited prior art and the ’816 patent. 
 
X-ray powder diffraction (XRPD) is a widely accepted technique for 
characterizing crystal forms, and uses an instrument called a diffractometer 
to analyze a sample of a crystalline compound in powder form. See 
Ex. 3002; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 42–46. The diffractometer measures the diffracted 
monochromatic X-ray intensity as a function of the angle at which X-rays 
diffract from the sample, which depends on the arrangement of molecules in 
the crystalline lattice, and records it in an XRPD spectrum that is 
characteristic of an individual particular crystal form. See Ex. 3002, 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 22–35. What is essential to understand is that different 
crystalline forms of the same chemical compound (i.e., polymorphs) will 
exhibit different XRPD spectra. Mutz illustrates this by depicting the XRPD 
spectra of Forms I, II, and III in its Figures 1–3, which are reproduced and 
annotated below: 
 
 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
55 
 
 
 
XRPD spectra of crystalline fingolimod HCL Form I (top), 
Form II (middle) and Form III (bottom) 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
56 
 
Figure 7 of Wang (Ex. 1021), which is not prior art to the ’816 patent, 
is nevertheless useful as illustrating how the peaks of these XRPD spectrum 
vary, as fingolimod HCl undergoes transitions between the polymorph 
Forms I, II, and III, as disclosed by Mutz, above: 
 
Figure 7 of Wang (detail) illustrating changes in the XRPD 
spectrum peak distribution of crystalline fingolimod HCl as it 
transitions between Form I (green, top and bottom), II (blue), 
and III (grey, middle) 
 
The essential point is that each crystalline form of fingolimod HCl, or 
indeed any crystal, will have a unique XRPD spectrum, or “fingerprint,” that 
renders it distinct from other polymorphs of the same compound. See 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 33–35. 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
57 
Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC), by contrast, is a commonly-
used method of determining the behavior of a crystalline substance as it 
transitions between forms and/or phase states over a range of temperatures. 
See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 36–38. Briefly, as a crystalline form undergoes a transition 
between polymorphs, energy is either absorbed (endothermic reaction) or 
released (exothermic reaction) by the subject compound, and which show as 
upward or downward peaks on the DSC curve. Not only solid-state 
transitions between different polymorphs appear as peaks on the DSC curve, 
so can phase-state transitions (i.e., melting) and decomposition of the 
compound. 
Figure 2 of the ’816 patent depicts a DSC curve of fingolimod HCl, 
and is reproduced below: 
 
DSC curve of fingolimod HCl 
Ex. 1001, Fig. 2. Mutz discloses that fingolimod HCl is in Form I below the 
peak at approximately 40o C, at which point it melts and recrystallizes to 
Form II. Ex. 1004, 15, 3. At 66o C, fingolimod HCl Form II undergoes a 
solid-state transition to Form III. Id. At 107o C fingolimod melts to become 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
58 
a liquid crystal, and then liquifies entirely, before decomposing at about 260o 
C. Id. Mutz expressly discloses that crystalline fingolimod can be 
converted between the different forms by heating or cooling. Id. at 15. 
Petitioner’s expert, Dr. McClurg provides an illustration of these processes: 
 
Ex. 1066 ¶ 59. Wang also illustrates these transitions in the DSC curve in its 
Figures 1 and 7, as reproduced below: 
 
Figure 1 of Wang depicts DSC curves for the heating scans of 
FTY 720: heating scans of forms I( a), II (b), and III (c) at a 
scan rate of 10° C/min. 
 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
59 
 
Figure 7 (detail) of Wang shows the transitions between Forms 
I, II, and III (indicated) of Mutz at different temperature ranges 
(indicated by solid line) 
Ex. 1021, Fig. 1; Fig. 7. 
 
The DSC curve thus describes the polymorphic behavior of crystalline 
fingolimod HCl as it transitions in a temperature-dependent fashion between 
the polymorphic forms, before melting into liquid crystal and then liquid 
phases and final decomposition of the molecule. It is thus nonsensical, as 
Patent Owner argues, that Mutz must enable a person of ordinary skill in the 
art to synthesize Form I of fingolimod HCl, or Forms II or III, as if there 
were separate synthetic processes for making each form. Mutz discloses that 
all that need be done is to synthesize crystalline fingolimod HCl, and it will 
assume a crystalline polymorph form that is appropriate for the conditions 
and temperature range, and that the form will change dependent upon the 
temperature at which it is maintained. See Ex. 1004, 3 (“interconversion 
between the various polymorphic forms of FYT720 hydrochloride may be 
achieved by heating or cooling FTY720 hydrochloride in accordance with 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
60 
the procedures described in the Examples”), 15; Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 56–61. As Dr. 
McClurg explains: 
[V]arious references, including a prior patent “Fujita” 
incorporated by reference in Mutz, taught how to make 
crystalline fingolimod hydrochloride. Having 
obtained 
fingolimod hydrochloride by one of these methods or otherwise, 
a scientist could then determine its form using XRPD. Given 
Mutz’s teaching that fingolimod hydrochloride “exists in a 
particular crystalline form [Form I] at room temperature”… it 
would very likely be Form I already. 
If it was not, Mutz teaches that to “ensure conversion to 
crystalline Form I,” one simply needs to “cool[] to a temperature 
of 30 °C or less, more preferably 20 °C or less, more preferably 
still 10 °C or less, e.g. still 8 °C or less, e.g.[,] 2 to 8 °C.” 
Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 160–161. 
 
As an initial matter, as we explained in Section III.C above, and as we 
demonstrate below, we can resolve the question of the patentability of 
challenged claims 1–4 of the ’816 patent by relying on the prior art of record 
and without recourse to the Shilpa Internal Documents. Although we have 
summarized the parties’ arguments with respect to the Shilpa Internal 
Documents for the sake of completeness, we do not consider them in this 
analysis. 
 
Challenged claims 1–4 recite “[f]ingolimod hydrochloride crystalline 
Form-β characterized by/according to….” Ex. 1001, cols. 9–10, ll. 20–30. 
The claims are thus directed to a composition of matter. Petitioner asserts 
that fingolimod HCl Form I of Mutz is identical to fingolimod HCL Form-β 
claimed in the ’816 patent. If this is so, and if Mutz is enabled such that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art could make and use Form I, then Mutz 
anticipates the challenged claims of the ’816 patent. See Therasense, Inc. v. 
Becton, Dickinson and Co., 593 F.3d 1325, 1332–33 (Fed. Cir. 2010) 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
61 
(holding that “[f]or a claim to be anticipated, each claim element must be 
disclosed, either expressly or inherently, in a single prior art reference, and 
the claimed arrangement or combination of those elements must also be 
disclosed, either expressly or inherently, in that same prior art reference”). 
 
Challenged claim 1 recites that Form-β is characterized by XRPD 
pattern “comprising characteristic 2θo peaks selected from the XRPD peak 
set of 3.54, 7.07, 10.66, 15.35, 20.52, 21.43 and 25.10 ± 0.1 2θ°.” Mutz 
discloses that its Form I “is characterised by an X-ray powder diffraction 
pattern having peaks at least two, preferably at least four, and more 
preferably all, of the following 2-theta values: 3.55. 7.12, 10.71, 12.48, 
15.42 and 20.59 degrees 2-theta.” Ex. 1004, 2. A comparison of the XRPD 
spectra of Mutz Form I and the ’816 patent’s Form-β is provided by 
Petitioner and reproduced below: 
 
Comparison of XRPD spectra of fingolimod HCl Form-β of the 
’816 patent and Form I of Mutz 
 
Dr. McClurg notes that, when comparing XRPD spectra, “differences 
in relative intensity [i.e., the height of the peaks] in the experimental and 
computed XRPD patterns are expected. For these reasons, it is not the peak 
intensities, but the peak positions, that are of primary importance in 
identifying materials.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 57. Furthermore, Dr. McClurg opines 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
62 
that, “[w]hen the two XRPD patterns provide the same overall 
“fingerprint”—as they do here—then peak positions that appear to match 
would be read to match absent good reason to read them otherwise.” 
Ex. 1066 ¶ 45. Dr. McClurg opines that comparison of these spectra 
(together with one from Wang) shows that “[c]orrespondence in peak 
positions in the patterns is clearly evident indicating that the patterns are of 
the same form.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 96. 
 
As noted above, Mutz expressly discloses 2θo peaks at five of the 
seven recited values, i.e., “3.55. 7.12, 10.71, 12.48, 15.42 and 20.59 degrees 
2-theta.” Ex. 1004, 2. This data is presented in tabular form below: 
 
See, e.g., Ex. 1066 ¶ 16. 
 
Patent Owner argues that because Mutz does not expressly disclose 
peaks at the remaining two values, viz., 21.43o and 25.10o ± 0.1 2θ°, Mutz 
does not anticipate the challenged claims. However, and as we explained in 
Section III.A above, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments in 
this respect; the use of the claim terms “peaks” and “selected from” permit 
characterization of Form-β by as few as two peaks. See Section III.A supra. 
Mutz discloses peaks at five of the recited seven 2θo values, which is 
sufficient to meet the requirements of the claim for characterizing Form-β. 
Ex. 1004, 2. 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
63 
 
However, even were we to require Mutz to disclose all seven peaks 
recited in challenged claim 1, Petitioner would still prevail in demonstrating 
that Mutz anticipates in this respect. In his declaration, Petitioner’s expert 
Dr. McClurg, demonstrated that the XRPD spectrum provided in Figure 1 of 
Mutz discloses the remaining peaks. Dr. McClurg measured the peaks of 
Figure 1 and demonstrated peaks at 21.4o and 25.0o 2θ, which are within the 
± 0.1 2θ° range of error of the values recited in the challenged claims. See 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 109. An enlarged detail of Figure 1 of Mutz, Dr. McClurg 
testifies, reveals the peaks at these 2oθ values, and is reproduced below: 
 
Enlarged view of Mutz Figure 1 indicating peaks at 21.4o and 
20.5o 2θ 
Ex. 1066 ¶ 30. 
 
Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Mayo, criticizes Dr. McClurg’s 
methodology as unreliable, and that the measurements made by Dr. McClurg 
“would have been beyond the ruler measurement capability and visual acuity 
of a POSA in 2010.” Ex. 2052 ¶ 120 (noting that “the maximum separation 
distance of 0.01" is smaller than the smallest division of 1/64th of an inch 
(0.016”) on a ruler”). Dr. McClurg replies that Dr. Mayo’s critique fails to 
recognize that the PDF images can be easily enlarged, and that that was what 
he did in the preparation of his first Declaration. Ex. 1066 ¶ 33–36. Dr. 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
64 
McClurg states that Dr. Mayo’s criticisms are thus leveled against an 
analysis he did not perform and that he used this method to verify the 
positions of all of the peaks recited in the challenged claims. Id. 
 
Furthermore, and in response to Patent Owner and Dr. Mayo’s 
criticisms, Dr. McClurg subsequently digitized the image of the XRPD 
spectrum of Mutz Figure 1, using the commercially-available digitizing 
program Un-Scan-It, which was widely available in 2010. (Silk Scientific, 
1060 Oakmont Lane Provo, UT 84604 USA). Ex. 1066 ¶ 49. Dr. McClurg 
testifies that, using this software, he “looked for local maxima indicating 
peak positions. The raw data reveals peaks at 21.40773 and 25.03813° 2θ, 
consistent with my estimates at 21.4 and 25.0° 2θ and within the range 
(±0.1° 2θ) in the ’816 Patent for Form-ß.” Id. (citing Ex. 1069). Dr. 
McClurg provided annotated excerpts from that data reflecting those two 
peaks: 
 
Dr. Mutz notes that, rounding to the nearest 0.1° 2θ, the digitized results are 
21.4o and 25.0° 2θ, thus validating his earlier, pencil and paper calculations. 
Id. 
 
By a preponderance of the evidence, Petitioner persuades us that the 
XRPD spectrum of crystalline fingolimod HCl Form I disclosed by Mutz is 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
65 
essentially identical to that of crystalline fingolimod HCl Form-β disclosed 
by the ’816 patent. We consequently conclude that Mutz discloses the 
crystalline fingolimod HCl Form-β recited in the challenged claims. 
 
We therefore find that Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that Mutz discloses fingolimod HCl Form I that is the same as 
the fingolimod HCl Form-β recited in the challenged claims. That is enough 
to establish that Mutz, if enabled, anticipates challenged claims 1–4 of the 
’816 patent. See Wilder, 429 F.2d at 451. However, for completeness, we 
will further address whether Mutz anticipates challenged claims 2–4 
considering the DSC isotherm subject matter also recited in the claims. As 
discussed above, claims 2–4 also recite or incorporate by reference the 
characteristic DSC peaks 1–4, located between 40 to 45° C (Peak 1), 
between 65 to 70° C (Peak 2); between 107 to 115° C (Peak 3); and between 
265 to 270° C (Peak 4) on the DSC curve. 
With respect to the DSC curve for crystalline fingolimod, Mutz 
discloses that “DSC heating curves showed three characteristic transitions 
[peaks] at approximately 40° C, 66° C and 107° C.” Ex. 1004, 15. As 
explained above, Mutz discloses that these three transitions represent, 
respectively, the transition between Form I and Form II, Form II and Form 
III, and the melting of Form III to a liquid crystal phase. Id.; see also 
Ex. 1021, 426–427, Fig. 1. These peaks disclosed by Mutz correspond to 
Peaks 1–3 as recited in challenged claims 2 and 3 and incorporated into 
challenged claim 4. 
 
Mutz does not disclose Peak 4, which Dr. McClurg opines is the 
temperature beyond which fingolimod HCl decomposes, and notes that the 
’816 patent is in accord with this disclosure, and that it is not disputed by Dr. 
Mayo. Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 59–63. Dr. McClurg explains the lack of disclosure of 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
66 
Peak 4 by suggesting that Mutz omitted testing the DSC properties of 
fingolimod HCl at temperatures higher than the melting point (107o C) 
because “[m]any DSC practitioners choose to limit the upper temperature 
limit of their experiments to avoid contaminating their calorimeter with 
decomposition products.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 45. This may have also contributed 
“to Mutz’s choice to use a different technique, thermomicroscopy, to further 
characterize the material above 107°C.” Id. 
 
It is not disputed that Mutz discloses endothermic peaks at the values 
recited in the challenged claims 2–4 of the ’816 patent for Peaks 1–3. Patent 
Owner contends that, because there is no express disclosure in Mutz of the 
fourth DSC peak at 265–270° C recited in claim 2, and more narrowly in 
claim 4, Mutz does not anticipate the claims. PO Resp. 17. According to 
Patent Owner, Petitioner asserts that claim 2 is anticipated because Mutz’s 
statement that “the onset of decomposition at ca. 260° C,” is an express 
disclosure of the fourth DSC peak at 265–270° C. Id. (quoting Pet. 23). 
 
We find the question of whether Mutz inherently discloses an 
endothermic Peak 4 at 265–270o C to be largely immaterial to our 
anticipation analysis for several reasons. The challenged claims are each 
directed to “[f]ingolimod hydrochloride crystalline Form-β,” however, and 
as we have explained, at the temperature range assigned to Peak 4, 
fingolimod is no longer in a crystalline state and is at the point of ceasing to 
be fingolimod HCl at all, that is, it is beyond even a pure liquid phase and is 
beginning to decompose. Consequently, Peak 4 cannot be characteristic of 
the crystalline form of fingolimod hydrochloride crystalline Form-β, which 
exits only at temperatures of less than 40o C. See Ex. 1004, 15. Indeed, 
Peak 4 cannot be said to be characteristic of any crystalline from of 
fingolimod HCl at all, because fingolimod HCl melts into the liquid crystal 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
67 
phase at 107–110o C and becomes a liquid at approximately 230o C before 
decomposition. Id.; Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 59–60. 
 
More importantly, however, the temperature peaks defining the 
transition states between the polymorphic forms of crystalline fingolimod 
HCl are characteristics of the claimed compound, which has been 
demonstrated by the XRPD spectra to be disclosed by Mutz. Because we 
find, based on a preponderance of the evidence of record, that the XRPD 
spectrum disclosed by Mutz demonstrates that its fingolimod HCl crystalline 
Form I is the same compound as the fingolimod HCl crystalline Form-β 
recited in the challenged claims, the lack of a disclosure of Peak 4 only 
reflects a hitherto undisclosed property of an already-disclosed compound 
and, as such, does not change the scope of the claimed composition. See 
Wilder, 429 F.2d at 450 (holding that “a claim to a composition, of a 
particular property said to be possessed by the recited composition, be that 
property newly-discovered or not, does not necessarily change the scope of 
the subject matter otherwise defined by that claim”); In re Spada, 911 F.2d 
705, 709 (Fed. Cir. 1990) (holding that “discovery of an unobvious property 
and use does not overcome the statutory restraint of section 102 when the 
claimed composition is known…. When the claimed compositions are not 
novel, they are not rendered patentable by recitation of properties, whether 
or not these properties are shown or suggested in the prior art”); Titanium 
Metals Corp. v. Banner, 778 F.2d 775, 782 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (holding that if 
a composition is the same as the prior art, it is immaterial what properties 
they have, or who discovered the properties, because the composition must 
necessarily exhibit the properties). 
 
In sum, Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that the XRPD spectrum of fingolimod HCl Form I disclosed by 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
68 
Mutz is the same as that disclosed by the ’816 patent and characterized by 
the XRPD peaks recited in challenged claims 1–4. As such, Mutz, if 
enabled, anticipates the challenged claims and the failure of Mutz to disclose 
a property of fingolimod HCl Form I that may have been previously 
unreported for that compound is not sufficient to overcome the fact that 
fingolimod HCl Form I and the claimed Form-β are the same chemical 
compound in the same crystalline form.16 
 
We therefore turn to the question of whether Mutz is enabled as an 
anticipating reference. A prior art reference cannot anticipate a claimed 
invention “if the allegedly anticipatory disclosures cited as prior art are not 
enabled.” Amgen Inc. v. Hoechst Marion Roussel, Inc., 314 F.3d 1313, 1354 
(Fed. Cir. 2003). “To anticipate a claim, a reference must disclose every 
element of the challenged claim and enable one skilled in the art to make the 
anticipating subject matter.” PPG Indus., Inc. v. Guardian Industries Corp., 
75 F.3d 1558, 1566 (Fed. Cir. 1996). However, a prior art reference need 
not enable its full disclosure; it need only enable the portions of its 
disclosure alleged to anticipate the claimed invention. See In re Antor 
Media Corp., 689 F.3d 1282, 1290 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (citing Beckman 
Instruments, Inc. v. LKB Produkter AB, 892 F.2d 1547, 1551 (Fed. Cir. 
1989). 
 
Furthermore, there is a presumption of enablement for prior art. See 
Amgen Inc. v. Hoechst Marion Roussel, Inc., 314 F.3d 1313, 1354–55 
 
16 As we discussed above, the only recited claim language that purports to be 
missing in Mutz is the DSC peak (Peak 4) and it is doubtful that it could 
even be characterized as a property of Form I (or similarly Form β), which 
the weight of the evidence indicates no longer would exist in crystalline 
form at such high temperatures. 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
69 
(Fed. Cir. 2003) (holding a patent challenger is entitled to rely on the 
presumption of enablement of a prior art patent, and patent owner bears 
the burden of proving nonenablement); In re Antor Media Corp., 689 F.3d 
1282, 1289 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (holding the same presumption and 
burden apply to prior art publication). 
 
Petitioner asserts that Fujita, which is expressly incorporated by 
reference into Mutz, enables Mutz by teaching how to make crystalline 
fingolimod hydrochloride in its Example 29. See Pet. Reply 23; Ex. 1004, 1. 
 
Patent Owner alleges that Mutz is not enabled for fingolimod HCl 
crystalline Form-β. See, e.g., PO Resp. 41–52. Patent Owner bears the 
burden of showing that Mutz is non-enabled prior art. Apple Inc. v. 
Corephotonics, Ltd., 861 Fed. Appx. 443, 450 (Fed. Cir. 2021) 
(“[R]egardless of the forum, prior art patents and publications enjoy a 
presumption of enablement, and the patentee/applicant has the burden to 
prove nonenablement for such prior art.”). 
As an initial matter, Patent Owner repeats its argument, first presented 
in its Preliminary Sur-Reply (“PO Prelim. Sur-Reply”), that Fujita cannot be 
incorporated by reference under 37 C.F.R. § 1.57(d) because Fujita is neither 
a U.S. Patent or U.S. patent publication. See PO Prelim. Sur-Reply 1. 
Patent Owner contends that, because Petitioner argues that Mutz is enabled 
by its incorporation by reference of Fujita, Fujita is therefore “essential 
matter” to the enablement of Mutz, and is therefore improper because it is 
neither a U.S. Patent or U.S. patent publication. Id. at 1–2 (citing 37 C.F.R. 
§ 1.57(d); also citing Pennwalt Corp. v. Akzona, Inc., 570 F.Supp. 1097, 
1103 (D. Del. 1983); Hulu, Inc. v. Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC et al., 2022 Pat. 
App. LEXIS 2690 (PTAB May 17, 2022)). 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
70 
 
We rejected this argument in our Decision to Institute. See Dec. 25–
26. As we explained: 
Section 1.57 relates generally to the validity of U.S. patents and 
their applications. Specifically, Section 1.57 addresses the 
incorporation of a reference in the application data sheet of a 
continuation of a previous application for reasons of preserving 
for the continuing application the priority date of the previous 
application.… Section 1.57(d) of the same chapter, states that 
“essential material,” i.e., material that is necessary to “provide a 
written description of the claimed invention, and of the manner 
and process of making and using it” can only be incorporated by 
reference from a US patent or patent publication. 37 C.F.R. 
§§ 1.57(d)–d(1). 
Id. 
 
In sum, Rule 1.57 “allows a later application, which enumerates a valid 
priority claim from an earlier application consistent with regulation 1.78, to 
cure any inadvertently omitted portion of the specification or drawing(s).” 
Droplets, Inc. v. E*TRADE Bank, 887 F.3d 1309, 1318 (Fed. Cir. 2018). As 
we further stated in the Decision: 
That is emphatically not the context in which Mutz is relied upon 
by Petitioner. Mutz, a foreign application, is cited as prior art to 
challenge the validity of the ’816 patent on the grounds that it 
anticipates claims 1–4. We are not concerned with the validity 
of Mutz as a U.S. patent or patent application, of which it is 
neither. Rather, we look to Mutz to determine whether a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would understand that it discloses “all 
limitations of the claim,” and is enabled. 
Dec. 26 (citations omitted). In short, Rule 1.57 is not applicable to 
references that are alleged to be anticipatory that incorporate by reference 
material in other printed publications. 
 
Patent Owner responds that Mutz’s incorporation of Fujita is improper 
under Rule 1.57(d), because Fujita is neither a U.S. patent nor a U.S. patent 
application publication. PO Resp. 42–43. 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
71 
 
We find Patent Owner’s argument no more persuasive upon 
repetition. Whether material is incorporated by reference into a host 
document is a question of law. Advanced Display Sys., Inc. v. Kent State 
Univ., 212 F.3d 1272, 1283 (Fed. Cir. 2000). However, “[m]aterial not 
explicitly contained in the single, prior art document may still be considered 
for purposes of anticipation if that material is incorporated by reference into 
the document.” Id. at 1282; see also Callaway Golf Co. v. Acushnet Co., 
576 F.3d 1331, 1346 (Fed. Cir. 2009). Specifically, “[i]ncorporation by 
reference provides a method for integrating material from various documents 
into a host document—a patent or printed publication in an anticipation 
determination—by citing such material in a manner that makes clear that the 
material is effectively part of the host document as if it were explicitly 
contained therein.” Advanced Display, 212 F.3d at 1282 (emphasis added) 
(citing General Elec. Co. v. Brenner, 407 F.2d 1258, 1261–62 (D.C. Cir. 
1968); In re Lund, 376 F.2d 982, 989 (C.C.P.A. 1967)). 
 
Furthermore, “if incorporation by reference comes into play in an 
anticipation determination, the court’s role is to determine what material in 
addition to the host document constitutes the single reference. The 
factfinder's role, in turn, is to determine whether that single reference 
describes the claimed invention.” Advanced Display, 212 F.3d at 1283. 
Consequently, and as the plain language of Advanced Display makes clear, 
“material,” including a printed publication, can be incorporated by reference 
in an anticipating document. There is no dispute that Fujita, a published 
European patent (EP 0627406 B1), is a printed publication and constitutes 
the material incorporated by reference. See Ex. 1004, 1; 35 U.S.C. 
§102(a)(2); MPEP § 2154.01. As such, it can be properly incorporated by 
reference by Mutz, a WIPO international application, as an allegedly 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
72 
anticipating document. Consequently, we conclude that Patent Owner’s 
argument that Mutz’s incorporation of Fujita by reference was improper 
under Section 1.57(d) is without merit. 
 
Patent Owner next argues that “Mutz’s nonspecific incorporation of 
‘the relevant disclosure’ of Fujita is the exact opposite of the detailed 
particularity required by the Federal Circuit, and wrongfully requires a 
POSA to ferret out ‘the relevant disclosure’” PO Resp. 44. Patent Owner 
contends that Mutz states that “2-Amino-2-[2-(4-C2-20-alkyl-phenyl)ethyl] 
propane-1,3-diol compounds are disclosed in EP-A-0627406...” but does not 
state which of the three EP ’406 documents with 3 different disclosures (A1, 
A4, B117) is being referred to. Id. 
 
We are not persuaded by this argument. Fujita (Exhibit EP 0 627 406 
B1) is a European Patent with a Specification identical to that of the ’229 
patent, which was a publicly available as a printed publication. See 35 
U.S.C. § 102(a)(2); MPEP § 2154.01. Petitioner has expressly provided the 
EP 0 627 406 B1 patent, with its Specification, as Exhibit 1048. We find 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have been able to locate the 
publicly-available Fujita patent with minimal difficulty. Furthermore, both 
the Fujita A1 application and the B1 patent Specification disclose an 
identical Example 29, which provides the same method for the synthesis of 
crystalline fingolimod HCl (i.e., 2-Amino-2-[2-(4-octylphenyl)ethyl]-1,3-
propanediol hydrochloride). Compare Ex. 2117, 168, with Ex. 1048, 115. 
 
17 EP 0 627 406 A1 is a published application; EP 0 627 406 A4 is a search 
report and claim set; and EP 0 627 406 B1 a European patent. See PO 
Resp. 44, n.6. 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
73 
 
Consequently, if a person of ordinary skill in the art turned to the 
disclosures of either the publicly-available B1 patent (supplied by Petitioner) 
or the A1 application, that individual would find precisely the same 
information teaching how to synthesize crystalline fingolimod HCl. 
Admittedly, the A1 application provides an additional synthetic example in 
its Example 284(3) but, as noted, the A1 application is a publicly-available 
document that could be readily accessed by those of skill in the art. See 
Standard Oil Co. v. American Cyanamid Co., 774 F.2d 448, 454 (Fed. Cir. 
1985) holding that “[a] person of ordinary skill in the art…thinks along the 
line of conventional wisdom in the art,” and is also “presumed to be aware 
of all the pertinent prior art”). Finally, we find it unlikely that a person of 
skill in the art would reasonably turn to a “search report and claim set” (EP 0 
627 406 A4) to find “2-Amino-2-[2-(4-C2–20-alkyl-phenyl)ethyl] propane-
1,3-diol compounds,” including crystalline fingolimod HCl, and its method 
of synthesis. See Standard Oil, 774 F.2d at 454. 
 
Patent Owner also argues that Mutz never states that the incorporation 
of Fujita was for the purpose of synthesizing Form I (or any of Forms I–III) 
reported in Mutz’s Example 14. Pet. Resp. 45 (citing Ex. 1004; Ex. 2052, 
¶ 10). Petitioner contends that, because Mutz describes and claims novel 
crystalline polymorphic forms of fingolimod hydrochloride, they cannot 
have been made by Fujita’s Example 29, or by Example 284. Id. at 45–46. 
 
Patent Owner’s argument is not persuasive. The cited Examples of 
Fujita teach a synthetic method for crystalline fingolimod HCl. Fujita did 
not recognize, or otherwise disclose that fingolimod HCl exhibits 
polymorphisms. See generally Ex. 1048; Ex. 2117. The fingolimod HCl 
polymorphisms were first discovered in crystalline HCl and disclosed in 
Mutz. See Ex. 1004, 1. Mutz also teaches that, when crystalline fingolimod 

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
74 
HCl is synthesized, it changes its crystalline structure in a temperature 
dependent state. See Ex. 1004, 15. Mutz further teaches that crystalline 
fingolimod HCl assumes Form I at temperatures below 40oC, and that it can 
be achieved by cooling the compound to below that transition temperature. 
Ex. 1004, 3. Consequently, and as we have explained above, all that Fujita 
need disclose is an enabling method for synthesizing crystalline fingolimod 
HCl; the resultant crystalline forms organize themselves in a temperature-
dependent manner. See Ex. 1004, 1, 3; Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 160–161. Mutz’s 
disclosure of an XRPD spectrum of its Form I that is essentially identical to 
that of Form-β disclosed in the ’816 patent is sufficient by itself to 
demonstrate that Mutz was in possession of Form I, and as evidence that 
Fujita would instruct a person of ordinary skill in the art how to make and 
use fingolimod HCl. See Ex. 1004, Fig. 1; Ex. 1001, Fig. 3. Hence, Fujita 
need not expressly disclose a method for making any of the specific Forms, 
only how to synthesize crystalline fingolimod HCL, and Patent Owner’s 
arguments to the contrary are without merit. 
 
Patent Owner also argues that Mutz does not identify Fujita’s teaching 
of a method of crystalline fingolimod HCl with sufficient specificity. See 
PO Resp. 46–47. We disagree. 
 
“To incorporate material by reference, the host document must 
identify with detailed particularity what specific material it incorporates and 
clearly indicate where that material is found in the various documents.” 
Adv. Display, 212 F.3d at 1282; see also In re Seversky, 474 F.2d 671, 674, 
(C.C.P.A. 1973) (providing that incorporation by reference requires a 
statement “clearly identifying the subject matter which is incorporated and 
where it is to be found”). We acknowledge that both the A1 application of 
Fujita and the B1 patent provide a large number of examples of 2-Amino-2-

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
75 
[2-(4-C2–20-alkyl-phenyl)ethyl] propane-1,3-diol compounds. Nevertheless, 
and as we explained in our Decision to Institute, Mutz is expressly directed 
to, and discloses, the various polymorphic forms exhibited by crystalline 
fingolimod HCl i.e., (2-amino-2[2-(4-octylphenyl)ethyl] propane-1,3-diol, 
a/k/a FTY720. Dec. 29–31; see Ex. 1004, 1. Among its examples, both the 
Fujita A1 application and the B1 patent expressly teach a method of 
synthesis for this same compound: 
 
Example 29: 2-Amino-2-[2-(4-octylphenyl)ethyl]-1,3-
propanediol hydrochloride 
 
2-Amino-2-[2-(4-octylphenyl)ethyl]-1,3-propanediol (7 
g) was dissolved in ethanol (50 ml) and a 1N hydrochloric 
acid/ether solution (50 ml) was added thereto. The solvent was 
distilled away and the resultant crystals were recrystallized from 
ethanol to give 4.2 g of the subject compound. 
melting point = 118–120° C 
 
1H-NMR (DMSO) δ: 
 
0.89 (3H, t, J = 6Hz), 1.07–1.77 (12H, m), 1.82-
 
2.17 (2H, m), 2.42–2.95 (4H, m), 3.80 (4H, s), 5.03 (2H, 
 
brs), 7.11 (4H, s), 8.07 (3H, brs) 
 
IRν : 3371, 3265, 2924, 1069 cm-1 
Ex. 2117, 168; see also Ex. 1048, 115. In addition, the A1 application 
additionally teaches, in Example 284, a more extensive, three-step synthetic 
process for the synthesis of crystalline 2-Amino-2-[2-(4-octylphenyl)ethyl]-
1,3-propanediol (i.e., fingolimod HCl), which has a melting point of 125–
126o C. Ex. 2117, 201–202. 
 
Mutz expressly discloses that “2-Amino-2-[2-(4-C2-20-alkyl-
phenyl)ethyl]propane-1,3-diol compounds are disclosed in EP-A- 0627406 
[Fujita], the relevant disclosure of which is incorporated herein by 
reference.” See, e.g., Ex. 1004, 1. Mutz is also expressly and solely directed 

--- Page 76 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
76 
to the discovery of polymorphic forms of fingolimod HCl (i.e., FTY720), 
and to no other compounds. Id. The Fujita A1 application and B1 patent 
expressly demarcate, and expressly describe, methods of synthesis of 
crystalline fingolimod HCl. We find that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art, understanding that Mutz incorporates by reference Fujita’s method of 
synthesizing crystalline fingolimod HCl, would have had little difficulty in 
locating within the disclosures of either Fujita publication, the relevant 
synthetic method, which are clearly described as such. We therefore 
conclude that Mutz’s incorporation by reference of Fujita identifies, with 
sufficient particularity, “the subject matter which is incorporated (i.e., 
synthesis of crystalline fingolimod HCl) and where it is to be found (i.e., in 
the disclosures of Fujita teaching the method of its synthesis).” See 
Seversky, 474 F.2d at 674. 
 
Patent Owner next acknowledges that Example 29 of Fujita describes 
recrystallization of the HCl salt of fingolimod from ethanol, but does not 
specify the process conditions for recrystallization and does not state 
whether a polymorphic form was obtained. PO Resp. 50 (citing Ex. 2117, 
168). 
 
We do not find this argument persuasive. Fujita’s Example 29 
provides crystalline fingolimod HCl that is synthesized by the following 
method: “2-Amino-2-[2-(4-octylphenyl)ethyl]-1,3-propanediol (7 g) was 
dissolved in ethanol (50 ml) and a IN hydrochloric acid/ether solution (50 
ml) was added thereto. The solvent was distilled away and the resultant 
crystals were recrystallized from ethanol to give 4.2 g of the subject 
compound.” Ex. 2117, 168:3-6. 

--- Page 77 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
77 
 
Moreover, Westheim, a non-prior art reference, demonstrates that a 
person of skill in the art could successfully use the method described by 
Fujita to obtain crystalline fingolimod HCl: 
Fingolimod hydrochloride exists in a stable crystalline form. 
Such crystalline product was first obtained in the above EP ’406 
[i.e., Fujita] by recrystallization of fingolimod hydrochloride 
from a solution thereof in ethanol. 
…. 
The crystalline fingolimod hydrochloride obtainable by 
processes of the prior art documents disclosed above is 
characterized by a distinctive XRPD pattern and IR spectrum, 
which allow to conclude that each of these processes provides a 
stable crystalline form, which is denoted for purpose of the 
present invention as Form I. 
 
Ex. 1006 ¶¶ 3, 10. To be sure, Westheim notes problems with the method of 
Fujita that render the product compound obtained less than ideal for 
commercial production: 
It was found by the present inventor after repeating the 
crystallization processes of the prior art that fingolimod 
hydrochloride is obtainable only as a waxy- or a cotton-like solid 
with poor filterability and flowability. Because of these 
properties, such crystal habit is inconvenient for large scale 
processing and for subsequent formulation into pharmaceutical 
compositions. 
Id. at ¶ 4 (emphasis added). Nevertheless, and contrary to Patent Owner’s 
arguments (see Pet. 54), the emphasized text in the preceding passages 
makes it evident that the “waxy- or a cotton-like solid” obtained by 
following the prior art method of Fujita is crystalline fingolimod HCl which, 
when analyzed by XRPD and DSC is a form that corresponds to Form I of 
Mutz. See id. at ¶¶ 13–14 (identifying the resultant polymorphs of the 
obtained fingolimod polymorphs as corresponding to Forms I, II, and III of 

--- Page 78 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
78 
Mutz (WO 2010/055028)), Fig. 1 (XRPD spectrum of Form I) Fig. 4.18 That 
Westheim also discloses methods that make the synthesis of crystalline 
fingolimod HCl more suitable for large scale processing is not relevant to 
our analysis. 
 
Finally, other prior art references would have taught a person of 
ordinary skill in the art how to make crystalline fingolimod HCl. Kiuchi, a 
prior art journal article published in 2000, discloses that “2-Amino-2[2-(4-
octylphenypethyl] propane-1,3-diol hydrochloride (6, FTY720) [fingolimod 
HCl] was found to possess considerable activity and is expected to be useful 
as an immunosuppressive drug for organ transplantation.” Ex. 1007, 2946. 
Kiuchi describes generally (id. at 2947–2948, Chart 2 (compound 6), 
Scheme 2α), and in detail (id. at 2953), the method for synthesizing 
crystalline fingolimod HCl, which crystallizes as “a white solid”). 
 
As we have explained above, it is not necessary that Kiuchi teach the 
skilled artisan how to synthesize a specific form of crystalline HCl, let alone 
Form I. Mutz teaches that crystalline fingolimod assumes Form I below 40o 
C, and that it can be achieved by cooling the compound to below that 
transition temperature. Ex. 1004, 3 (“interconversion between the various 
polymorphic forms of FYT720 hydrochloride may be achieved by heating or 
 
18 Patent Owner also argues that Petitioner mischaracterizes Westheim by 
stating that Figures 1 and 4 are replications of the prior art, but that 
Figures 1 and 4 are really based upon Westheim’s inventive Example 1, 
not Comparative Example 1. PO Resp. 54. We do not see the relevance 
of this argument. Westheim expressly states that “[t]he crystalline 
fingolimod hydrochloride obtainable by processes of the prior art 
documents disclosed above is characterized by a distinctive XRPD pattern 
and IR spectrum” characteristic of Form I. See Ex. 1006 ¶ 10. 
 

--- Page 79 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
79 
cooling FTY720 hydrochloride in accordance with the procedures described 
in the Examples”), 15; Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 160–161). We consequently find that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art, comprehending the teachings of Fujita, in 
addition to the knowledge disclosed by the prior art, would have been able to 
synthesize crystalline fingolimod HCl, determine the Form obtained by 
XRPD, and convert it (if necessary) to Form I by cooling. 
 
Finally, Patent Owner contends that differences in melting points 
between Mutz and Example 29 proves that none of Mutz’s forms could have 
been made by Example 29. PO Resp. 51. 
 
We do not find Patent Owner’s arguments persuasive. As Petitioner’s 
expert, Dr. McClurg, explains: 
[E]stimated melting points are inexact, much like decomposition 
temperatures, especially when measured with different 
techniques. Example 29 does not disclose how melting point was 
measured, but it was likely measured using a melting point 
apparatus, or capillary tube, as Dr. Mayo suggests. 
…. 
The accuracy of the apparatus depends upon how fast the 
temperature is increased, thermal lag between the specimen and 
the heating element, and the skill of the operator. In contrast, 
DSC is a quantitative measurement of the heat necessary to 
increase the temperature of a specimen. Both techniques are 
sensitive to changes in conditions. That easily explains the 
difference between the 107° C transition observed by DSC in 
Mutz and the 118–120° C “melt” observed by the Fujita 
inventors. A small difference of 10–15° C when comparing 
melting point apparatus and DSC data does not mean that 
Example 29 produces something other than Form I. 
Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 176–177. We also note that the method of synthesis may cause 
variations in the melting point of fingolimod HCl. Example 29 of the Fujita 
A1 application states that its method produced fingolimod HCl with a 
melting point of 118–120o C, whereas Example 284(3) produces fingolimod 

--- Page 80 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
80 
HCl with a melting point of 125–126° C. Ex. 2117, 168, 202. And the prior 
art reference Kiuchi teaches a melting point of 107–108o C, which is similar 
to that disclosed by Mutz, and the melting point described by Westheim of 
107–110o C. Ex. 1007, 2953; Ex. 1004, 15; Ex. 1006, 7. 
 
At oral argument, Patent Owner pointed to a study demonstrating the 
similar melting points of different polymorphs of another drug, felodipine, 
but which also showed different temperatures of decomposition. See 
Hearing Tr. 47–48, Ex. 2177, 91–92 (citing Ex. 2146, 6, 6). However, we 
fail to see the relevance of the felodipine study because, as we have 
explained and the prior art demonstrates, crystalline fingolimod HCl changes 
from Forms I–III in a temperature-dependent manner, until Form III 
ultimately melts into liquid crystal, and then liquid phases. See, e.g., Ex. 
1004, 15; Ex. 1021, 46–47; Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 56–60. 
 
None of these references provide an explanation of the method or 
conditions used to measure the melting point of fingolimod HCl.19 Given 
this variation in the melting points recited in the prior art, and Dr. McClurg’s 
expert testimony, which we find credible, we agree with Petitioner’s 
 
19 Again, we emphasize that it makes little sense to speak of the “melting 
point of fingolimod HCl Form I.” As we have explained supra, Mutz and 
the other prior and post art references cited above, as well as the testimony 
of Dr. McClurg, demonstrate that the melting point of fingolimod HCl at 
approximately 107–110o C is the temperature at which crystalline 
fingolimod HCl (which is the polymorph Form III at that temperature) 
melts to become a liquid crystal. See Ex. 1004, 15; Ex. 1006, 4; Ex. 1021, 
49; Ex. 1066 ¶¶ 59–61. Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Mayo, suggests that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would understand that fingolimod HCl 
can “can retain certain aspects of [Form-β’s] crystalline order” in its 
melted (liquid) state but offers no explanation or evidence in support of 
this conjecture. See Ex. 2052, 10 C.iv. 

--- Page 81 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
81 
argument that these variations in melting points are likely the result of 
differences in apparatus and conditions under which the melting point was 
determined. We therefore agree with Petitioner’s position that Mutz is 
enabled. 
 
Furthermore, although we have summarized the parties’ arguments 
with respect to the Shilpa Internal Documents (i.e., Exs. 1075, 1076, 1084, 
1085, 1086, 1087, 1096, 1097, 1102, 1103, 1104, 1105, 1106, 1107, 1108, 
1109, 1119, 2152 and 2153), we find the prior art of record to be dispositive 
of Ground 1, and the Shilpa Internal Documents consequently do not enter 
into our analysis. 
 
7. 
Conclusion 
Having reviewed the parties’ arguments, both in their briefs and at 
oral argument, as well as the evidence of record, we find that Petitioner has 
established that Mutz discloses crystalline fingolimod HCl Form-β (as 
Mutz’s Form I) as recited in claims 1–4 of the ’816 patent, and that Mutz is 
enabled by its incorporation of Fujita and the knowledge of a person of 
ordinary skill in the art. We therefore conclude that Mutz anticipates the 
challenged claims. 
Furthermore, because we conclude that challenged claims 1–4 are 
unpatentable as anticipated by Mutz, we do not reach the remaining Grounds 
2 and 3 in this Final Written Decision. See SAS Inst. Inc. v. Iancu, 138 S.Ct. 
1348, 1359 (2018) (holding that a petitioner “is entitled to a final written 
decision addressing all of the claims it has challenged”); Boston Sci. Scimed, 
Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 F. App’x 984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (non 
precedential) (recognizing that the “Board need not address issues that are 
not necessary to the resolution of the proceeding” and therefore agreeing that 

--- Page 82 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
82 
the Board has “discretion to decline to decide additional instituted grounds 
once the petitioner has prevailed on all its challenged claims”). 
 
E. 
Petitioner’s Motion for Sanctions against Patent Owner 
Finally, Petitioner seeks sanctions against Patent Owner. Mot. 
Sanctions, 1. Specifically, Petitioner alleges that Patent Owner: (1) willfully 
violated its duty of candor and routine discovery rules by hiding 
documents20; and (2) willfully violated deposition discovery and ethical 
rules by interfering with testimony and failing to correct perjury. Id. at 13–
18. Petitioner requests that the Board enter judgment against Patent Owner, 
require the payment of fees, and order any other relief that is just. Id. at 20. 
In its Opposition, Patent Owner argues that it: (1) did not hide 
documents, but produced them willingly in the district court litigation and 
produced them at Petitioner’s request in this inter partes review; that it did 
not violate deposition discovery and ethical rules by interfering with 
testimony; and (3) that the testimony of the deponent in question (Dr. 
Rafiuddin) was not perjurious. Opp. Mot. Sanctions 14–18. 
Because we enter judgment on the merits against Patent Owner’s 
claims, Petitioner’s request that we do so as a sanction against Patent Owner 
is denied. Furthermore, having reviewed the arguments and evidence 
presented by Petitioner and Patent Owner, we conclude that the evidence is 
not sufficiently conclusive to warrant the additional imposition of financial 
sanctions. We consequently deny Petitioner’ Motion for Sanctions. 
 
20 The documents in question are the Shilpa Internal Documents which, as 
we have explained in our decision on Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
supra, play no role in our patentability analysis. See Section III.C. 

--- Page 83 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
83 
 
IV. CONCLUSION 
Having analyzed the entirety of the record and assigning appropriate 
weight to the evidence cited by Petitioner and Patent Owner, and for the 
reasons we have set forth above, we determine that Petitioner has 
established, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1–4 of the ’816 
patent are unpatentable. Furthermore, because we conclude that Petitioner 
has met its burden of showing that the claims are unpatentable, we dismiss 
as moot Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence. We deny Petitioner’s 
Motion for Sanctions against Patent Owner. Furthermore, and for the 
reasons we have set forth above, we dismiss-in-part as moot, and deny-in-
part, Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence. 
 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–4 of the ’816 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion for Sanctions against 
Patent Owner is denied; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed-in-part as moot and denied-in-part; and 

--- Page 84 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
84 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 21 
 
 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)
/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–4 
102 
Mutz 
1–4 
 
1–4 
103 
Mutz, 
Gidwani22 
 
 
1–4 
102 
Gidwani 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged 
claims in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the 
issuance of this decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 
2019 Notice Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner 
Through Reissue or Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial 
Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner 
chooses to file a reissue application or a request for reexamination of 
the challenged patent, we remind Patent Owner of its continuing 
obligation to notify the Board of any such related matters in updated 
mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
 
22 Because we find Ground 1 dispositive of this inter partes review, we do 
not reach Grounds 2 and 3. 

--- Page 85 ---
IPR2022-00886 
Patent 9,266,816 B2 
85 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Jane Love 
David Glandorf 
Allyson Parks 
GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER LLP 
jlove@gibsondunn.com 
dglandorf@gibsondunn.com 
aparks@gibsondunn.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Mark Boland 
Brett Sylvester 
Michael Dzwonczyk 
Raja Saliba 
Lawrence Rachuba 
SUGHRUE MION, PLLC 
mboland@sughrue.com 
bsylvester@sughrue.com 
mdzwonczyk@sughrue.com 
rsaliba@sughrue.com 
Irachuba@sughrue.com