--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 37 
571-272-7822 
Date: July 13, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
EYENOVIA, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
SYDNEXIS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and JAMIE T. WISZ, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Denying Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
On December 29, 2021, Eyenovia, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition 
requesting an inter partes review of claims 1, 2, 4–9, and 12–19 of 
U.S. Patent No. 10,842,787 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’787 patent”). Paper 1, 
(“Petition” or “Pet.”). Sydnexis, Inc. (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary 
Response to the Petition on April 18, 2022. Paper 6 (“Prelim. Resp.”). With 
our authorization, Petitioner filed a Reply to the Preliminary Response 
addressing the public accessibility of Exhibit 10041 and Patent Owner’s 
proposed claim construction for “buffer” and “buffering agent.” See 
Ex. 3001; Paper 7. Also, with our authorization, Patent Owner filed a Sur-
reply in response. See Ex. 3001; Paper 8. 
On July 15, 2022, we granted institution of an inter partes review of 
claims 1, 2, 4–9, and 12–19 of the ’787 patent on all grounds set forth in the 
Petition. See Paper 9 (“Dec.”) 2, 41. 
Patent Owner filed a Response on October 21, 2022, see Paper 19 
(“PO Resp.), and Petitioner filed a Reply on January 13, 2023, see Paper 21 
(“Reply”). Patent Owner filed its Sur-Reply on February 24, 2023. 
Paper 24 (“Sur-Reply”). An oral hearing was held on April 14, 2023, and a 
transcript of this hearing was entered into the record. Paper 36 (“Tr.”). 
Patent Owner filed a Motion to Exclude Evidence on March 24, 2023. 
Patent Owner seeks to exclude Exhibit 1002, the Declaration of Dr. Byrn, 
Petitioner’s declarant, Exs. 1004 and 1057 constituting the Akorn labels, and 
Exhibits 1079 through 1088, Eyenovia’s Reply exhibits. Paper 29. 
 
1 Atropine Sulfate Ophthalmic Solution, USP 1%, NDA 206289 Product 
Label (July 2014) (Ex. 1004, “Akorn”). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
3 
Petitioner opposed the motion, see Paper 30, and Patent Owner filed a reply, 
see Paper 32. For the reasons set forth herein, the motion is denied. 
This is a Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) as to the 
patentability of the challenged claims on which we instituted trial. Based on 
the complete record before us, we determine as set forth below that 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 
1, 2, 4–9, and 12–19 of the ’787 patent are unpatentable. 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
The parties identify themselves as the real parties-in-interest. Pet. 63; 
Paper 4, 2; Paper 27, 2. 
C. Related Matters 
Petitioner asserts “[t]here are no other judicial proceedings that may 
affect or be affected by a decision in this proceeding.” Pet. 63. Petitioner 
further states that the ’787 patent issued from U.S. Application No. 
15/568,381, a national phase application of International Application No. 
PCT/US2016/029222, which in turn is a continuation-in-part application of 
U.S. Application No. 14/726,139 that issued as U.S. Patent No. 9,421,199 
(“the ’199 patent”). Id. at 63–64; see also Paper 11, 1 (Patent Owner 
provides a similar recitation of the ’787 patent’s history). According to 
Petitioner, the ’199 patent was challenged in IPR2021-00439 by Nevakar, 
Inc. Id. at 64. Petitioner states that IPR2021-00439 and other petitions filed 
by Nevakar, Inc. challenging Patent Owner’s patents were terminated due 
to settlement prior to institution. Id.; see also Paper 11, 2 (Patent Owner 
provides a similar recitation of the Nevakar proceedings). 
Patent Owner identifies IPR2022-00414 and IPR2022-00415 as 
related matters. Paper 4, 2; Paper 27, 2. Patent Owner also states that it is 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
4 
the owner of the following United States patents related to the ’787 patent: 
U.S. Patent No. 10,940,145; U.S. Patent No. 10,888,557; U.S. Patent No. 
9,770,447; U.S. Patent No. 10,076,515; and U.S. Patent No. 10,201,534. 
Paper 11, 1–2. Patent Owner also identifies the following pending U.S. 
Applications related to the ’787 patent: U.S. Application No. 17/097,930; 
U.S. Application No. 16/785,411; U.S. Application No. 16,908,426; U.S. 
Application No. 17,681,560; U.S. Application No. 17/721,838; and U.S. 
Application No. 17/721,831. Id. at 2. 
D. The ’787 Patent 
The ’787 patent relates to stabilized ophthalmic compositions 
comprising a muscarinic receptor antagonist for the treatment of an 
ophthalmic disorder, such as pre-myopia, myopia, or the progression of 
myopia. Ex. 1001, 5:4–8. Myopia is characterized by an axial elongation 
of the eye that begins during grade school years and progresses until 
growth of the eye is complete. Id. at 10:44–47. The Specification explains 
that muscarinic antagonists, such as atropine, prevent or arrest the 
development of myopia in humans. Id. at 9:50–56. 
The Specification states that the clinical use of atropine for therapy 
had been limited due to side effects, such as glare from pupillary dilation 
and blurred vision. Ex. 1001, 12:21–24. The ’787 patent attributes these 
effects to high concentrations of atropine (e.g., 1 wt % or higher). Id. at 
12:24–29. The Specification explains also that some muscarinic 
antagonist compositions were formulated with lower pH values (e.g., less 
than 4.5) to promote stability of the muscarinic antagonist. Id. at 10:3–7. 
The lower pH values, however, cause discomfort or other side effects, 
such as pain or a burning sensation in the eye, which can be prevented or 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
5 
alleviated by formulating muscarinic antagonist compositions at higher pH 
ranges. Id. at 10:7–11. 
According to the Specification, “there is a need for a stabilized 
ophthalmic composition with extended shelf life upon storage,” and there is 
a need for stabilizing such a composition by arresting or reducing hydrolysis 
of at least some of its active agents. Ex. 1001, 9:45–50. The Specification 
also recognizes that “there is a need for an ophthalmic composition that 
provides convenient and effective delivery of a muscarinic antagonist such 
as atropine in the eye of a patient.” Id. at 9:50–53. In view of this, the ’787 
patent contemplates low concentrations of ophthalmic agents (e.g., from 
about 0.001 wt% to about 0.5 wt%). Id. at 12:30–35. For instance, the 
Specification describes ophthalmic compositions that include from about 
0.001 wt% to about 0.05 wt% of a muscarinic antagonist, such as atropine or 
atropine sulfate, and water. Id. at 6:60–63, 7:1–2. 
Additionally, the Specification describes pH values for the ophthalmic 
compositions (e.g., less than about 7.3, or less than about 6.4) after an 
extended period of time under storage condition. Ex. 1001, 7:9–16. The 
Specification also describes the compositions in terms of the concentration 
of the muscarinic antagonist based on initial concentration after an extended 
period of time under storage condition, and potency after an extended period 
of time under storage condition. Id. at 7:3–8, 17–21. The Specification 
describes “the extended period of time” as one having a duration of a range 
between about one week to about five years. Id. at 7:22–27. The storage 
condition is described for some embodiments as having a storage 
temperature of about 25° C, 40° C, or about 60° C, and in other 
embodiments from about 2° C to 10° C, or from about 16° C to about 26° C. 
Id. at 7:28–32. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
6 
The Specification explains that certain embodiments of the invention 
may further comprise additional agents, including, an osmolarity adjusting 
agent, a preservative, a buffer agent, a tonicity adjusting agent, a pH 
adjusting agent, and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier. Ex. 1001, 7:43–
8:39. 
E. Illustrative Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1, 2, 4–9, and 12–19 of the ’787 patent. 
Claim 1 is the only independent claim. For this Final Written Decision, 
independent claim 1 (set forth below with bracketed letters to identify 
specific limitations for ease of reference) is illustrative of the claimed 
subject matter. 
1. 1[a] A stabilized ophthalmic composition for treating pre- 
myopia, myopia, or progression of myopia, comprising[:] 
1[b] from about 0.001 wt% to about 0.05 wt% of atropine 
or atropine sulfate and water, wherein 
1[c] the stabilized ophthalmic composition further 
comprises a buffering agent to provide a pH of from about 4.8 to 
about 6.4, wherein the 
1[d] stabilized ophthalmic composition is a liquid, and 
wherein 
1[e] the stabilized ophthalmic composition comprises less 
than about 10% of a degradant formed from degradation of the 
atropine or atropine sulfate after an extended period of time of at 
least 2 weeks under a storage temperature of from about 20° C. 
to about 70° C. and relative humidity from about 50% to about 
80%. 
Ex. 1001, 97:32–44 (bracketing, labels, and formatting added). 
Dependent claims 2, 4–9, and 12–15 provide additional limitations to 
further refine the stabilized ophthalmic compositions of claim 1. See 
Ex. 1001, 97:45–48, 97:51–98:17, 98:25–41. Dependent claim 16 recites 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
7 
that the stabilized ophthalmic composition of claim 1 is topically 
administered. See id. at 98:42–44. Dependent claim 17 recites that the 
stabilized ophthalmic composition of claim 1 is administered by instillation. 
See id. at 98:45–47. Dependent claim 18 recites that the stabilized 
ophthalmic composition of claim 1 is administered through an eye drop 
bottle. See id. at 98:48–51. Claim 19 recites a method of treating the pre- 
myopia, myopia, or progression of myopia by administering an effective 
amount of the stabilized ophthalmic composition of claim 1. See id. at 
98:52–56. 
F. Prior Art and Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 4–9, and 12–19 would have been 
unpatentable on the following grounds: 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1, 2, 4–9, 12–19 
103 
Chia,3 Akorn,4 Kondritzer5 
1, 2, 4–9, 12–19 
103 
Chia, Akorn, Lund6 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 
Stat. 284 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective March 16, 
2013. Because the application from which the ’787 patent issued has an 
effective filing date after that date, the AIA version of § 103 applies. 
3 Audrey Chia et al., Atropine for the Treatment of Childhood Myopia: 
Safety and Efficacy of 0.5%, 0.1%, and 0.01% Doses (Atropine for the 
Treatment of Myopia 2), 119 OPHTHALMOLOGY 347−354 (2012) (Ex. 1003, 
“Chia”). 
4 Atropine Sulfate Ophthalmic Solution, USP 1%, NDA 206289 Product 
Label (July 2014) (Ex. 1004, “Akorn”). 
5 Albert A. Kondritzer & Peter Zvirblis, Stability of Atropine in 
Aqueous Solution, 46 J. AM. PHARM. ASSOC. 531−535 (1957) (Ex. 1005, 
“Kondritzer”). 
6 Walter Lund & Tor Waaler, The Kinetics of Atropine and Apoatropine in 
AqueousSolutions, 22 ACTA CHEM. SCAND. 3085-97 (1968) (Ex. 1007, 
“Lund”). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
8 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1, 2, 4–9, 12–19 
103 
Akorn, Wu,7 Kondritzer 
Petitioner also relies upon the Declaration of Stephen Byrn, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 1002). Patent Owner relies upon the Declaration of Paul A. Laskar, 
Ph.D. (Ex. 2003). 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Principles of Law 
1. 
Burden 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016 (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). Therefore, in an inter partes 
review, the burden of proof is on the Petitioner to show that the challenged 
claims are unpatentable, and that burden never shifts to the patentee. See 35 
U.S.C. § 316(e); In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1375 
(Fed. Cir. 2016) (citing Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 
800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
 
7 WO 2014/182620 A1, published November 13, 2014 (Ex. 1006, “Wu”). 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
9 
2. 
Obviousness 
To ultimately prevail in its challenge to Patent Owner’s claims, 
Petitioner must demonstrate by a preponderance of the evidence8 that the 
claims are unpatentable. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). A patent 
claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that the subject matter as a 
whole would have been obvious at the time the invention was made to a 
person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject matter pertains 
(“POSA” or “POSITA”). KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
In determining obviousness when all elements of a claim are found in 
various pieces of prior art, “the factfinder must further consider the factual 
questions of whether a person of ordinary skill in the art would be motivated 
to combine those references, and whether in making that combination, a 
person of ordinary skill would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success.” Dome Patent L.P. v. Lee, 799 F.3d 1372, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2015); 
see also WMS Gaming, Inc. v. Int’l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1355 (Fed. 
Cir. 1999) (“When an obviousness determination relies on the combination 
 
8 The burden of showing something by a preponderance of the evidence 
requires the trier of fact to believe that the existence of a fact is more 
probable than its nonexistence before the trier of fact may find in favor of 
the party who carries the burden. Concrete Pipe & Prods. of Cal., Inc. v. 
Constr. Laborers Pension Tr. for S. Cal., 508 U.S. 602, 622 (1993). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
10 
of two or more references, there must be some suggestion or motivation to 
combine the references.”). “Both the suggestion and the expectation of 
success must be founded in the prior art, not in the applicant’s disclosure.” 
In re Dow Chemical Co., 837 F.2d 469, 473 (Fed. Cir. 1988); see also In re 
Magnum Oil Tools, 829 F.3d at 1381, 1381 (finding a party that petitions the 
Board for a determination of unpatentability based on obviousness must 
show that “a skilled artisan would have been motivated to combine the 
teachings of the prior art references to achieve the claimed invention, and 
that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so.”) (internal quotations and citations omitted). 
An obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take 
account of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would employ.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418; see In re Translogic Tech, 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1259 (Fed. Cir. 2007). In KSR, the Supreme Court also 
stated that an invention may be found obvious if trying a course of conduct 
would have been obvious to a POSITA: 
When there is a design need or market pressure to solve a 
problem and there are a finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions, a person of ordinary skill has good reason to pursue 
the known options within his or her technical grasp. If this leads 
to the anticipated success, it is likely the product not of 
innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense. In that 
instance the fact that a combination was obvious to try might 
show that it was obvious under § 103. 
550 U.S. at 421. Section 103 “bars patentability unless ‘the improvement is 
more than the predictable use of prior art elements according to their 
established functions.’” In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1359–60 (Fed. Cir. 
2009) (citing KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
11 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
the above-stated principles. 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
We consider the asserted grounds of unpatentability in view of the 
understanding of a person of ordinary skill in the art. KSR, 550 U.S. at 399 
(stating that obviousness is determined against the backdrop of the scope and 
content of the prior art, the differences between the prior art and the claims 
at issue, and the level of ordinary skill in the art). Factual indicators of the 
level of ordinary skill in the art include “the various prior art approaches 
employed, the types of problems encountered in the art, the rapidity with 
which innovations are made, the sophistication of the technology involved, 
and the educational background of those actively working in the field.” 
Jacobson Bros., Inc. v. U.S., 512 F.2d 1065, 1071 (Ct. Cl. 1975); see also 
Orthopedic Equip. Co. v. U.S., 702 F.2d 1005, 1011 (Fed. Cir. 1983) 
(quoting with approval Jacobson Bros.). 
Petitioner asserts that “[a] person of ordinary skill in the art (‘POSA’) 
at the time of the purported invention would have had a Ph.D. in chemistry, 
organic chemistry, physical chemistry, or pharmaceutics, with several years 
of experience preparing and/or testing pharmaceutical formulations.” 
Pet. 21–22 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 62). Petitioner further contends that “[a] 
POSA would have been familiar with common inactive ingredients used in 
aqueous pharmaceutical formulations and the basic characteristics of 
aqueous formulations such as stability, and would have had knowledge 
about drug degradation kinetics.” Id. at 22. 
 
Patent Owner asserts that a narrower definition of a POSA should be 
employed—one that includes expertise in ophthalmic formulation. PO Resp. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
12 
4.9 Patent Owner states that Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Byrn, has “extremely 
limited experience with ophthalmic formulation,” which “calls into serious 
question whether he is qualified to opine on the perspective of a POSA in 
the relevant field.” Id. at 5. 
We do not agree with Patent Owner that the level of ordinary skill in 
the art should be limited to experience with ophthalmic formulation. The 
claims at issue generally require a liquid ophthalmic formulation of a small 
amount of atropine that is stabilized using buffers that can be stored for at 
least two weeks under certain temperature and humidity conditions. See 
Ex. 1001, 97:32–44 (claim 1). As Dr. Byrn points out, the technology 
surrounding use of atropine, a nonselective muscarinic antagonist, to treat 
myopia, has been extensively studied for over a hundred years and is known 
as “the oldest and most effective pharmacological treatment to inhibit the 
development of myopia.” See Ex. 1002 ¶ 26 (quoting Ex. 1008, 1) (citing 
Ex. 1003, 1; Ex. 1012, 2). The degradation of atropine is also well known to 
primarily result from cleavage of the acyl-oxygen bond during ester 
hydrolysis, see id. ¶ 43 (citing Ex. 1017, 1; Ex. 1024, 5), with the rate of 
acid-catalyzed reaction being much slower than that of the base-catalyzed 
reaction, leading to stability of atropine at a lower pH range (pH < ~3), see 
id. ¶ 45 (citing Ex. 1005, 1,4–5). Concerning specifically the use of atropine 
in the eye, Dr. Byrn points out that it is well known that ophthalmic 
solutions should be “formulated to be sterile, isotonic and buffered for 
stability and comfort.” See id. ¶ 47 (quoting Ex. 1019, 52) (noting Ex. 1019, 
54 (pH of tear fluid is 7.4). 
 
9 Although Patent Owner disagrees with Petitioner’s definition of a POSA, 
Patent Owner does not provide its own definition apart from including 
expertise in ophthalmic formulation. See PO Resp. 4–7. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
13 
None of this chemistry concerning the stability of atropine or its 
administration in the eye is remarkable or not well understood by a POSA as 
defined by Petitioner. See PO Resp. 10 (stating “the stability of atropine was 
understood to be a ‘predictable function,’ and a ‘routine matter,’ of 
temperature and solution pH”), 43–44 (same). We see no reason why 
someone with drug formulation experience, but not specific experience with 
ophthalmic solutions, would not qualify as a POSA. Therefore, we continue 
to apply Petitioner’s definition of a POSA in this final written decision. 
C. Claim Construction 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard that would be 
used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 
37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2019). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally 
given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 
415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc) (quoting Vitronics Corp. 
v. Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1582 (Fed. Cir. 1996)). “In determining 
the meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the 
intrinsic evidence of record, examining the claim language itself, the written 
description, and the prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. 
v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) 
(citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–17). 
Petitioner states that “[f]or the purposes of this proceeding only, 
Petitioner does not believe that any claim terms need to be construed.” 
Pet. 22. Patent Owner “agrees that the claims should be understood 
according to their ordinary and customary meaning.” PO Resp. 25–26. In 
reply, Petitioner asserts that the ordinary meaning of “about” is 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
14 
“approximately,” and the ordinary meaning of “buffering agent” or “buffer” 
“is nothing more than an excipient that helps control pH.” Reply 2. 
Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner agrees with the definition of “buffering 
agent” and “buffer” by stating that “[t]he patent uses terms buffer and 
buffering in their normal sense, which entails providing pH control or 
maintenance.” Id. (quoting PO Resp. 29). 
Based upon our review of the evidence of record, we determine that 
no claim terms require express construction. See Nidec Motor Corp. v. 
Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) 
(Only those terms that are in controversy need be construed, “and only to 
the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.”). Insofar as the parties 
dispute whether Akorn discloses a buffer, we address those contentions in 
our discussion below of the challenged claims. 
D. Obviousness over Chia, Akorn, and Kondritzer 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 4–9, and 12–19 would have been 
obvious over the combined teachings of Chia, Akorn, and Kondritzer. Pet. 
23–42. In addition to challenging the public availability of Akorn, Patent 
Owner disagrees with the substance of Petitioner’s argument and states that 
the Akorn reference “does not disclose the phosphate salts are buffering 
agents. Nor does it disclose that the Akorn product has a pH range of 3.5–
6.0. Each of these failures is case-dispositive.” PO Resp. 1. 
1. Chia (Ex. 1003) 
Chia is a journal article that describes two studies regarding the 
treatment of myopia using atropine eyedrops. Ex. 1003, 1. In the first study, 
Atropine for the Treatment of Myopia 1 (“ATOM1”), it was shown that 
atropine 1% eyedrops were effective in controlling myopic progression but 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
15 
with visual side effects resulting from cycloplegia and mydriasis. Id. The 
second study described in Chia, Atropine for the Treatment of Myopia 2 
(“ATOM2”), compared the efficacy and visual side effects of 3 lower doses 
of atropine: 0.5%, 0.1%, and 0.01%. Id. The authors of Chia conclude 
“[a]tropine 0.01% has minimal side effects compared with atropine at 0.1% 
and 0.5%, and retains comparable efficacy in controlling myopia 
progression.” Id. 
Chia notes that atropine, a nonspecific muscarinic antagonist, at 1.0% 
and 0.5% has been shown to be effective in slowing myopia progression, but 
its safety profile regarding pupil size and accommodation was a concern. 
Ex. 1003, 6. Chia states: 
Every unit increase in pupil size results in an exponential 
increase in the amount of light entering the eye, and this can 
cause glare and potential phototoxicity. Atropine also decreases 
accommodation amplitude and near vision so that children may 
require bifocal or progressive glasses to read. The ideal atropine 
dose would be one with the best balance between efficacy and 
safety. 
Id. 
To explore the ideal atropine dose, Chia performed the ATOM2 study 
using 0.01% atropine as a potential control due to its assumed minimal 
effect. Ex. 1003, 7. Chia found that “contrary to expectations, atropine 
0.01% also had significant clinical effects as evidence by its effect on 
myopia progression, accommodation, and pupil size.” Id. In comparing the 
0.01% atropine dose to the 0.5% and the 0.1% doses, Chia found “the 
difference in myopia progression at 2 years in the 0.01% group was 
statistically significant compared with the 0.5% group. Likewise, the 
difference in axial length increase was statistically larger than in both the 
0.1% and 0.5% groups. However, absolute differences between groups were 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
16 
clinically small . . . .” Id. Chia did note that no other atropine 0.01% studies 
were available for direct comparison, but Chia did compare the data to a 
study10 testing 0.05% atropine and a study11 testing 0.025% atropine. Id. 
Although Chia found that “[o]verall, atropine-related adverse effects 
were uncommon at the 0.01% dose . . . [t]here are no long-term studies on 
the effect of atropine on the eye, and continued vigilance is necessary. 
However, atropine has been clinically available since the early 1900s, and so 
far there are no known long-term adverse effects associated with its use.” 
Ex. 1003, 7. Chia states: 
In conclusion, our results suggest that 0.5%, 0.1%, and 
0.01% atropine remain effective in reducing myopia progression, 
compared with placebo treatment, and that the clinical 
differences in myopia progression among these 3 groups are 
small. The lowest concentration of 0.01% atropine thus seems 
to retain efficacy and is a viable concentration for reducing 
myopia progression in children, while attaining a clinically 
significant improved safety profile in terms of accommodation, 
pupil size, and near visual acuity, and subsequently reduced 
adverse impact on visual function. Moreover, the 0.01% 
formulation exhibited fewer adverse events. Atropine 0.01% is 
currently not commercially available. However, these findings 
collectively suggest that a nightly dose of atropine at 0.01% 
seems to be a safe and effective regimen for slowing myopia 
progression in children, with minimal impact on visual function 
in children. 
Id. at 7–8. 
 
10 Jong-Jer Lee et al., Prevention of myopia progression with 0.05% atropine 
solution,” 22 J. OCUL. PHARMACOL. & THER. 41–46 (2006) (Ex. 1012, 
“Lee”). 
11 Fang et al., Prevention of myopia onset with 0.025% atropine in 
premyopic children, 26 J. OCUL PHARMACOL. & THER. 341–45 (2010) 
(Ex. 1013, “Fang”). 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
17 
2. Akorn (Ex. 1004) 
Petitioner identifies Ex. 1004 as a product label for Akorn Atropine 
Care, which appears to be an excerpt from New Drug Application 206289. 
See Pet. vii; Ex. 1004, 1. Akorn describes a 1% atropine sulfate ophthalmic 
solution for topical application to the eye. Ex. 1004, 1. Akorn explains that 
atropine is an anti-muscarinic agent that is indicated for cycloplegia, 
mydriasis, and penalization of the healthy eye in the treatment of amblyopia. 
Id. at 1, 2. Akorn explains atropine’s mechanism of action as follows: 
The pupillary constrictor muscle depends on muscarinic 
cholinoceptor activation. This activation is blocked by topical 
atropine resulting in unopposed sympathetic dilator activity and 
mydriasis. Atropine also weakens the contraction of the ciliary 
muscle, or cycloplegia. Cycloplegia results in loss of the ability 
to accommodate such that the eye cannot focus for near vision. 
Id. at 4. Akorn describes applying 1 drop of the solution to the cul-de-sac of 
the conjunctiva forty minutes prior to an intended maximum dilation time. 
Id. 
Akorn explains that the solution contains atropine sulfate as an active 
ingredient. Ex. 1004, 3. Akorn further describes the following inactive 
ingredients: “benzalkonium chloride 0.1 mg (0.01%), dibasic sodium 
phosphate, edetate disodium, hypromellose (2910), monobasic sodium 
phosphate, hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide may be added to 
adjust pH (3.5 to 6.0), and water for injection USP.” Id. 
3. Kondritzer (Ex. 1005) 
Kondritzer is a journal article that relates to a kinetic study of the proton 
catalyzed hydrolysis of atropine “to identify and evaluate the factors 
involved in the deterioration of aqueous solutions of atropine and its salts,” 
and confirmed the temperature dependency of the reaction. Ex. 1005, 1. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
18 
Kondritzer explains that the alkaline hydrolysis of atropine in aqueous 
solution involves two reactions: “one involving the unprotonated (base) 
form, and the other the protonated (ionic) form of the alkaloid,” with each 
reaction being governed by hydroxyl-concentration and temperature. Id. 
Kondritzer also notes some previous work concerning the stability of 
aqueous atropine solutions stating: “The preservation of aqueous atropine 
solutions by buffering at pH 4-5 has been recommended.” Id. at 2. 
Kondritzer’s evaluation included studying the hydrolysis of atropine 
in various perchloric acid solutions at temperatures varying from 70° C to 
90° C. Ex. 1005, 2. Based on this, Kondritzer prepared an equation to 
predict the rate of proton hydrolysis at any particular temperature and 
hydrogen ion concentration. Id. Kondritzer takes into account the effect of 
both hydroxyl and hydrogen ions to determine the pH of minimum 
hydrolysis at various temperatures and calculates the hydrolytic rates at 
these minimum pH values. Id. Kondritzer also calculates the half lives of 
atropine solutions for various pH values and temperatures. Id. 
From measuring the rate of acid hydrolysis of atropine in aqueous 
solution, Kondritzer concludes that the predominant catalytic reaction above 
pH 4.5 involves the hydroxyl ion, and the predominant catalytic reaction 
below pH 3 involves the hydrogen ion. Ex. 1005, 4. Kondritzer also states: 
The half lives of solutions of atropine at various pH values 
and temperatures can be calculated for both hydroxyl-ion and 
hydrogen-ion catalysis. The former accounts for the instability 
above approximately pH 5 and the latter for instability below 
approximately pH 3. The half life at any hydrogen ion 
concentration between pH 3 and 5 is so great that its 
experimental determination is not practical. 
Id. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
19 
Kondritzer states that “[a]s expected, the hydrogen ion catalyzed 
hydrolysis of atropine is slow.” Ex. 1005, 4. Based on the study, Kondritzer 
concludes that “[t]he pH for maximum stability of atropine in sterile aqueous 
solution varies between 4.11 at 0° and 3.24 at 100°.” Id. at 5. 
4. Analysis 
For its assertion that claims 1, 2, 4–9, and 12–19 would have been 
obvious over the combined teachings of Chia, Akorn, and Kondritzer, 
Petitioner relies on Akorn as teaching or suggesting adding to an atropine 
sulfate ophthalmic liquid composition a buffering agent to “provide a pH of 
from about 4.8 to about 6.4,” as required by claim 1. Pet. 28–31. Patent 
Owner challenges Petitioner’s reliance on Akorn asserting that the Petition 
fails to prove that Akorn was publicly available prior to the undisputed 
critical date of April 23, 2015, which Patent Owner also raised in its 
Preliminary Response. See PO Resp. 58–61; Prelim. Resp. 29–32. Patent 
Owner also challenges the testimony of Dr. Byrn in its Motion to Exclude 
Evidence asserting that “Dr. Byrn’s proffered opinions exceed his expertise, 
are not based on ‘scientific knowledge,’ ‘sufficient facts or data,’ and are not 
‘the product of reliable principles’ and methods ‘reliably applied’ to the facts 
of this case.” Paper 29, 2 (“Mot. to Exclude”). 
Because the prior art status of Akorn and Dr. Byrn’s testimony is 
relevant to all grounds asserted by Petitioner, we begin our discussion with 
these issues. 
a) Prior Art Status of Akorn (Ex. 1004) 
Petitioner has the burden to prove Akorn qualifies as prior art. See In 
re Magnum Oil Tools, 829 F.3d at 1376. “[A]t the institution stage, the 
petition must identify, with particularity, evidence sufficient to establish a 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
20 
reasonable likelihood that the reference was publicly accessible before the 
critical date of the challenged patent and therefore that there is a reasonable 
likelihood that it qualifies as a printed publication.” Hulu, LLC v. Sound 
View Innovations, LLC, IPR2018-01039, Paper 29 (“Hulu”) at 13 (PTAB 
Dec. 20, 2019) (precedential). 
“[P]ublic accessibility” is considered to be “the touchstone in 
determining whether a reference constitutes a ‘printed publication’ bar under 
35 U.S.C. §102(b).” In re Hall, 781 F.2d 897, 899 (Fed. Cir. 1986). “A 
given reference is ‘publicly accessible’ upon a satisfactory showing that 
such document has been disseminated or otherwise made available to the 
extent that persons interested and ordinarily skilled in the subject matter or 
art exercising reasonable diligence, can locate it.” SRI Int’l, Inc. v. Internet 
Sec. Sys., Inc., 511 F.3d 1186, 1194 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (quoting Bruckelmyer 
v. Ground Heaters, Inc., 445 F.3d 1374, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2006)). 
A determination whether a particular reference qualifies as a printed 
publication “is a legal determination based on underlying fact issues, and 
therefore must be approached on a case-by-case basis.” Hall, 781 F.2d at 
899. In a proceeding before the Board, there is no presumption in favor of 
finding that a reference is a printed publication. Hulu, Paper 29 at 16. 
During the institution phase of this proceeding, we authorized further 
briefing on the issue of whether Akorn was publicly accessible before the 
critical date, and each party filed a brief addressing this issue. See Ex. 3001; 
Paper 7; Paper 8. In our Institution Decision, we addressed the parties’ 
arguments and determined on the record before us at that time that 
“Petitioner has adequately shown for institution that Akorn was sufficiently 
accessible to the public interested in the art and searchable on the DailyMed 
website such that a POSA could have found it with reasonable diligence.” 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
21 
Dec. 27. In making this determination, we examined Petitioner’s additional 
evidence, Exhibit 1057, that it submitted with its reply to the preliminary 
response, and determined “that Petitioner properly relies on Exhibit 1057 as 
additional evidence to confirm that Exhibit 1004 was published and publicly 
accessible in July of 2014.” See Dec. 26–27. 
In making this determination, we made the following findings 
concerning Exhibit 1057 for purposes of institution. 
In particular, on the current record, we find that Petitioner’s 
Exhibit 1057 provides persuasive corroboration for its contention 
that Akorn was publicly accessible in July of 2014. Exhibit 1057 
includes printouts of webpages from “DailyMed.” Ex. 1057. In 
the “ABOUT DAILYMED” section on the first page of the 
exhibit, there is a statement explaining that “The National 
Library of Medicine (NLM)’s DailyMed searchable database 
provides the most recent labeling submitted to the Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA) by companies and currently in use (i.e., 
‘in use’ labeling).” Id. at 1. Among other items, the DailyMed 
“contains labeling for prescription and nonprescription drugs for 
human and animal use.” Id. The statement also explains that 
“[t]he NLM provides DailyMed to the public” and “[t]he labeling 
on DailyMed is typically reformatted to make them easier to 
read.” Id. 
On the third page of Exhibit 1057, there is a copy of the 
DailyMed “LABELING ARCHIVES” webpage which depicts a 
“Labeling Archives Search,” with a first field for entering a drug 
name, and a second field for entering a date. Id. at 3. The 
webpage explains that “[t]his archive allows the user to retrieve 
the label current for a given date.” Id. Search results for the term 
“ATROPINE SULFATE” on “07/31/2014” are displayed. Id. 
There is an indication that the search provided 135 results which 
are listed in a row, apparently over a number of webpages. Id. 
The results are organized with the “DATE POSTED” identified 
in one column, along with the term “download” which appears 
to be formatted as a web link, and the “DRUG NAME” identified 
in a second column, wherein the drug name listed appears to be 
formatted as a web link. Id. Below the drug name, the name of 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
22 
the “Packager” is identified, along with a “Version” number. Id. 
Petitioner draws our attention to the label identified with July 24, 
2014, as the “DATE POSTED,” “Atropine (atropine sulfate) 
solution/drops,” as the “DRUG NAME,” Akorn, Inc. as the 
“Packager,” with the “Version” noted as “7.” Id. 
We understand the next page of the exhibit to be a copy of 
the DailyMed webpage depicting the version 7 label for Akorn’s 
atropine sulfate that was posted on July 24, 2014. Ex. 1057, 4. 
Based on our review, but for minor web-related formatting 
differences, this label posted on DailyMed appears to be the same 
as the label depicted in Exhibit 1004. In particular, we observe 
that both labels: (a) refer to “HIGHLIGHTS OF PRESCRIBING 
INFORMATION” for “Atropine Sulfate Ophthalmic Solution, 
USP 1% for topical application to the eye;” (b) include the 
“Revised: 7/2014” statement; (c) include the same indications 
and usage, dosage and administration; (d) set forth the same 
sections/subsections; and (e) describe the contents of the drug in 
the same manner, including the statement identifying inactives 
as: “benzalkonium chloride 0.1 mg (0.01%), dibasic sodium 
phosphate, edetate disodium, hypromellose (2910), monobasic 
sodium phosphate, hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide 
may be added to adjust pH (3.5 to 6.0), and water for injection 
USP.” Compare Ex. 1004, 1–5, with Ex. 1057, 4–6. 
Taken together, we find that the evidence relied on in the 
Petition, i.e., Exhibits 1004, 1020, 1021, along with Exhibits 
1056, 1058, and especially, 1057, submitted with the Reply, 
provide strong indicia that the July 2014 version of Akorn’s 
atropine sulfate drug label represented on the current record as 
Exhibit 1004 was posted on July 24, 2014, on the DailyMed 
website. We do not find any dispute on the current record that 
DailyMed is a federal government website that is accessible to 
the public and presented in a manner that allows the public to 
readily search its database for drug labels that have been 
approved by the FDA. Moreover, as Petitioner asserts, the 
DailyMed website explains, “The DailyMed RSS feed provides 
updates and information about new drug labels approved by the 
FDA and published on NLM’s DailyMed Web site.” Ex. 1057, 
1. In other words, the DailyMed website further extends its reach 
to the public through such feed. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
23 
Dec. 23–25. 
 
Patent Owner in its Response continues to question the public 
availability of Akorn. See PO Resp. 58–60. Patent Owner continues to 
assail the public availability of Akorn as shown by the exhibits originally 
presented with the Petition, see id., but we agreed with some of these 
criticisms. For instance, we stated: 
To begin, we note that, in some respects, we agree with 
Patent Owner’s position. For example, we agree with Patent 
Owner that the “7/14” revision date printed on Akorn, on its 
own, indicates only that some unknown author(s) modified the 
document on that date. See Prelim. Resp.30, PO Sur-reply 2–3. 
Indeed, similar to the copyright or creation dates in Hulu, the 
revision date, by itself, is insufficient to demonstrate that the 
exhibit was publicly available on that date. See Hulu, Paper 29 
at 19. We also agree with Patent Owner that neither the FDA 
approval date of the Akorn atropine sulfate drug product nor the 
sale or use of that product demonstrates the public accessibility 
of drug label reflected in Akorn prior to the critical date. See 
Prelim. Resp. 30, PO Sur-reply 2–3. 
Dec. 23. Our decision on the public availability of Akorn turned on the 
additional evidence Petitioner submitted as Exhibit 1057. See id. at 23–27. 
 
The only criticism Patent Owner presents with reference to our 
analysis of Exhibit 1057 as set forth above is to question a statement on the 
DailyMed webpage concerning when filtering by published date was added 
to Web Services. See PO Resp. 60; Sur-Reply 25. Patent Owner states: 
“But Petitioner’s DailyMed exhibit (created on September 15, 2021) 
acknowledges that “Filtering by Published Date [Was] Added to Web 
Services” only as late as October 2015 (EX1057, 1, 2), which falls after the 
critical date. EX1001, Cover. As the very same search means that 
Petitioner used to find the label in EX1057 admittedly did not exist before 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
24 
the critical date, Petitioner has failed to demonstrate pre-critical date public 
availability of this new label.” PO Resp. 60. 
 
We find that Patent Owner’s criticism misses the mark. Petitioner is 
using the DailyMed exhibit as further evidence that Akorn was publicly 
available as of the revision date of 7/2014 as shown on Akorn, Ex. 1004. 
See Reply 1 (“As set forth in the Petition, EX1004, a drug label to Akorn, 
bears July 2014 revision dates that comport with its FDA approval and 
publication well before the critical date. See Pet., 9; Hulu, 13. It also bears 
Akorn’s corporate insignia. EX1004, 5. Additional evidence confirms these 
dates are reliable. EX1056-58.”); 3 (“Public records from DailyMed, part of 
the NIH’s National Library of Medicine, show that EX1004 was posted 
publicly on July 24, 2014.”). Whether a POSA could have searched this 
way for labels published before the critical date is irrelevant; Petitioner is 
only using the evidence to show that Akorn was, in fact, published in July 
2014, before the critical date on a searchable website. See id. Patent Owner 
does not dispute that DailyMed was searchable by drug name, which would 
be the logical way a POSA would search such a database for information for 
a drug of interest. 
 
Petitioner also provides further evidence that the Akorn label was 
published on July 24, 2014, through a response by the National Library of 
Medicine (“NLM”) to a Freedom of Information Act request. See Ex. 1071. 
In this Freedom of Information Act request, Petitioner asked for written 
confirmation that the substance of the Akorn label was posted on July 24, 
2014 on the DailyMed website. Id. The National Institutes of Health 
(“NIH”) responded that version 7 of the Akorn label was published on 
DailyMed on July 24, 2014, and provided the URL that is reflected in the 
Akorn label in Exhibit 1057 from the DailyMed website. See Ex. 1072, 6; 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
25 
Ex. 1057, 4–7. NIH also confirmed that NLM “received version 7 of this 
label from the FDA on 07/24/2014 @ 2:15:04 PM,” “published version 7 on 
DailyMed on the same day, 07/24/2014 @ 14:59:48 PM,” and confirmed 
that “NLM does not make changes to the content contained within any SPL 
[or structured product labeling] records that it receives from the FDA.” 
Ex. 1072, 6. We find that Petitioner has provided more than sufficient 
evidence that the Akorn label reflected in Ex. 1004 was publicly available 
before the critical date. 
 
For the reasons set forth above, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that Akorn, Ex. 1004, is a printed 
publication that was publicly available before the critical date. 
b) Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
Patent Owner moves to exclude from evidence the Declaration of 
Dr. Byrn (Ex. 1002), Exhibits 1004 and 1057 that constitute the Akorn 
labels, and Exhibits 1079 through 1088 that Petitioner submitted with its 
Reply. Mot. to Exclude 2. Petitioner filed an Opposition (Paper 30, “Opp. 
to Mot. to Exclude”), and Patent Owner filed a Reply (Paper 32, “Reply to 
Mot. to Exclude”). For the following reasons, Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Exclude is denied. 
Pursuant to our Rules, a motion to exclude evidence must be filed to 
preserve any previously-made objections to evidence. 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c). 
The motion must identify where in the record the objections were made, and 
must explain the objections. Id. Patent Owner appropriately identifies 
where in the record it previously served objections to the exhibits it seeks to 
exclude. Mot. 2 (citing Papers 12, 22). 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
26 
As the moving party, Patent Owner bears the burden of proof to 
establish that it is entitled to the requested relief, i.e., the exclusion of 
evidence as inadmissible under the Federal Rules of Evidence (“FRE”). See 
37 C.F.R. §§ 42.20(c), 42.64(a). 
(1) Dr. Byrn’s Testimony (Ex. 1002) 
 Patent Owner challenges Dr. Byrn’s testimony under FRE 702 as not 
based on sufficient “scientific knowledge,” not based on “sufficient facts or 
data,” and not “the product of reliable principles” and methods “reliably 
applied” to the facts of this proceeding. Mot. to Exclude 2. 
(a) Requisite Scientific Knowledge 
For instance, although Dr. Byrn agrees that the ’787 patent is 
“directed to the field of ophthalmic compositions and ophthalmic solutions,” 
Patent Owner asserts that Dr. Byrn’s curriculum vitae (Ex. 1002, Appendix 
A) “provides no indication that Dr. Byrn has any expertise in ophthalmic 
formulation.” Mot. to Exclude 2–3 (citing Ex. 2009, 97:19–98:14, 104:20–
106:5). Patent Owner further states: 
During his deposition, Dr. Byrn identified brief eyedrop forays 
(none significant enough to merit mention in his CV or 
declaration), but could not identify any ophthalmic product he 
formulated before the critical date. Even as of 2021, Dr. Byrn 
never had primary responsibility for formulating any drug 
product that has received regulatory approval or been 
commercialized. 
Mot. to Exclude 3 (citing Ex. 2010 ¶ 8). Patent Owner also criticized 
Dr. Byrn’s alleged lack of knowledge of ophthalmic terms such as 
lacrimation. See id. 
Petitioner responds that the primary focus in evaluating the 
admissibility of testimony under FRE 702 is “whether an expert’s opinion 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
27 
will assist the trier of fact,” a low bar, and many of Patent Owner’s 
criticisms go to the weight to be accorded Dr. Byrn’s testimony rather than 
its admissibility. Opp. to Mot. to Exclude 1–6. In applying FRE 702, 
Petitioner asserts that “Dr. Byrn, a professor of medicinal chemistry who 
specializes in drug formulation, is eminently qualified to opine about the 
straightforward formulation issues presented in this proceeding.” Id. at 1. 
Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner does not contest that Dr. Byrn 
meets Petitioner’s POSA definition (as we have determined should be 
applied in this proceeding), but even if we required experience in 
formulating ophthalmic pharmaceuticals, we find that Dr. Byrn has such 
experience. See Opp. to Mot. to Exclude 2–4; Ex. 1002, Appendix A ¶¶ 3–
10. Petitioner asserts that Dr. Byrn testifies that: 
[H]e worked as a consultant for Alcon—a well-known eye care 
company—on a number of ophthalmic products, including ones 
that were FDA-approved, prior to the critical date. See Ex. 2009, 
136:12–137:12. He further testified that he worked with eye 
drops as part of Purdue’s Africa program. Id. at 49:149–50:2. 
Id. at 4. Petitioner also asserts that Dr. Byrn accurately described the term 
“lacrimation” in his deposition. Id. at 4 n.2 (citing Ex. 2009, 49:11–14; Ex. 
1002 ¶ 77 (quoting Ex. 1047, 2)). 
As we have previously determined, a POSA need not have specific 
experience in ophthalmic formulation. See Section II.B. Dr. Byrn has 
ample experience to qualify as a POSA, which we defined as a person 
having a Ph.D. in chemistry, organic chemistry, physical chemistry, or 
pharmaceutics, with several years of experience preparing and/or testing 
pharmaceutical formulations at the time of the purported invention. Id.; see 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 3–10. Dr. Byrn has the requisite academic background, as well 
as extensive experience in drug development and formulation. See Ex. 1002 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
28 
¶¶ 3–10. Dr. Byrn testifies that his “laboratory has done extensive research 
on drug formulations, and [he has] authored over two hundred book chapters 
and peer-reviewed journal articles on properties of a wide variety of 
pharmaceutical compositions.” Id. ¶ 10. 
 
We also find, however, that Dr. Byrn has experience with ophthalmic 
formulations. Dr. Byrn testifies that he has “worked quite a bit with 
eyedrops” in Purdue’s Africa program. Ex. 2009, 49:21–24. In his 
Declaration, Dr. Byrn testifies that he was a co-founder of the Sustainable 
Medicines in Africa in the Kilimanjaro and Arusha regions of Tanzania in 
2007. Ex. 1002 ¶ 5. Dr. Byrn describes this program more extensively in 
his curriculum vitae as providing educational programs that are “aimed at 
providing source of well-trained manufacturing scientists for pharmaceutical 
industry in Tanzania and Africa,” and including a GMP-level 
pharmaceutical manufacturing facility to teach manufacturing under strict 
quality control, as well as a quality medicines laboratory equipped with 
HPLCs. Ex. 1002, Appendix, 101. Dr. Byrn also testifies that he consulted 
with Alcon on a number of ophthalmic drug products although he was not 
primarily responsible for their formulation. See Ex. 2009, 136:12–20. 
 
We find Dr. Byrn’s alleged lack of “primary” responsibility for the 
formulation of an ophthalmic product to be somewhat of a red herring in 
assessing whether Dr. Byrn has “expertise in ophthalmic formulation” as 
Patent Owner asserts should be required. See Mot. to Exclude 2–3. In 
response to questions about whether Dr. Byrn ever had primary 
responsibility for formulating a drug product that has received regulatory 
approval, Dr. Byrn testifies that he has “been on a team that formulated drug 
products for both for commercial sale and IND testing.” Ex. 2009, 134:19–
24. Dr. Byrn also pointed out what he considered to be a false premise in 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
29 
the questions related to “primary” responsibility for drug formulation. 
Dr. Byrn testifies: 
I have been a consultant on a large number of products that 
came on the market and I worked in a team, and my work was – 
part of the work was critical for certain specifications and 
certain marketing steps, but I don’t believe that in this day and 
age a person is primarily responsible for bringing a drug on the 
market; it’s a team activity. 
Id. at 135:15–23. We credit Dr. Byrn’s testimony here.12 We also 
determine that Dr. Byrn satisfies the requirements for a POSA as we have 
determined it should be defined, without specific expertise in ophthalmic 
formulation, but also determine that even if we applied Patent Owner’s 
heightened standard requiring such expertise, Dr. Byrn satisfies that 
definition also. Dr. Byrn has the requisite scientific knowledge to serve as 
an expert for Petitioner. 
(b) Sufficiency of Underlying Facts and Data; Reliability of Principles and 
Methods as Applied to Underlying Facts and Data 
Patent Owner asserts that Dr. Byrn’s alleged inexperience with 
ophthalmic formulations led him to offer an opinion not based on sufficient 
facts or data or reliable principles, i.e., that Dr. Byrn’s opinion that “Akorn 
teaches the uses of buffering agents to achieve a solution pH range of 3.5 to 
6.0 were ‘premised’ on an undisclosed assumption that the buffering range 
of the weak acid extends ±2 pH units away from its pKa.” Mot. to Exclude 4 
 
12 We also find that Dr. Byrn was clearly familiar with the term 
“lacrimation,” which means “the secretion of tears especially when 
abnormal or excessive,” but chose to use the word “tearing” instead. See 
Ex. 2009, 49:3–14; see also https://www.merriam-
webster.com/dictionary/lacrimation (accessed June 25, 2023) (defining 
lacrimation). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
30 
(citing PO Resp. 39–40; Ex. 2009, 96:5–97:4; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 20, 24, 65–66, 
80, 87, 94–95, 99, 154–55, 158, 167, 171, 200, 201, 208, 214, 220). Patent 
Owner also asserts Dr. Byrn’s assumption has been shown to be incorrect in 
a district court proceeding in which he testified. See Mot. to Exclude 4–7. 
Petitioner counters that Dr. Byrn’s opinions are based on sufficient 
facts and data and are reliable. Opp. to Mot. to Exclude 5–6. As an 
example, Petitioner points to Dr. Byrn’s reliance on Remington (Ex. 1019), 
which Dr. Laskar admits is a formulator’s “bible,” to establish that 
“Remington means exactly what it says: buffer capacity represents a 
compromise between stability and comfort, and thus a buffer with 
diminished capacity (e.g., the one provided by sodium phosphate salts) 
should be used.” Opp. to Mot. to Exclude 5 (citing Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 62–63; 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 97–98). 
Petitioner also points to support for Dr. Byrn’s opinion that sodium 
phosphate salts “can still buffer outside of ± 1 unit away from their pKa” in 
the “reliable scientific literature that Patent Owner seeks to preclude the 
Board from considering.” Opp. to Mot. to Exclude 6 (citing Exs. 1079–1083 
(buffer recipes using the claimed sodium phosphate salts below pH 6.0)). 
Finally, Petitioner asserts that Dr. Byrn’s testimony in the district court 
proceeding is inapposite because 
The primary legal issue in that case dealt with infringement under 
the doctrine of equivalents, and whether a generic company’s 
“proposed product contains an equivalent to the ‘buffer’ of the 
claims[.]” See Ex. 2010, 2. Unlike here, the alternative excipient 
that the generic company contended was a buffer had not be 
identified, disclosed, and claimed as such by the patentee. See 
Ex. 1001 (claim 7). 
Id. at 6–7. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
31 
 We agree with Petitioner here that Patent Owner’s concerns about the 
sufficiency of the support for Dr. Byrn’s opinions goes more to the weight to 
be accorded such opinions rather than a need to exclude such opinions. See 
TPG 40–41, 79 (“A motion to exclude must explain why the evidence is not 
admissible (e.g., relevance or hearsay) but may not be used to challenge the 
sufficiency of the evidence to prove a particular fact.”). We also note that 
the findings in the district court litigation are based on a different record that 
is not before us here. For instance, the district court relies on a Lewis 
reference and a Harris reference that is not before us and testimony from 
Dr. Richard Moreton that is also not before us here. See Ex. 2010 ¶¶ 63–69. 
Therefore, we determine that the district court’s findings are not sufficiently 
probative of the questions before us here. 
Also, the district court’s findings are not as definitive as Patent Owner 
states. The patent owner in the district court case attempted to prove 
infringement by the doctrine of equivalents for a formulation that did not 
expressly contain a buffer, but that it argued inherently contained a buffer 
from the chemical disassociation of the active ingredient in the product. See 
Ex. 2010, 64–65. The district court found that patent owner failed to prove 
that this actually occurs in the accused product. Id. at 65. The district court 
case is in stark contrast with the underlying facts of this proceeding in which 
the prior art formulation expressly contains the same buffers as claimed in 
the ’787 patent. See Ex. 1001, 98:7–10 (claim 7); Ex. 1004, 3. 
(c) Conclusion 
Based on the foregoing, we deny Patent Owner’s motion to exclude 
Exhibit 1002, Dr. Byrn’s testimony. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
32 
(2) The Akorn Labels (Exs. 1004 and 1057) 
Patent Owner asserts that Exhibits 1004 and 1057 should be excluded 
because Petitioner failed to show that Exhibit 1004 (Akorn) was publicly 
available before the critical date, and Exhibit 1057 is deficient to show such 
public availability of Exhibit 1004. Mot. to Exclude 7–8. 
We have previously addressed these issues in our determination of the 
prior art status of Akorn, Ex. 1004, set forth above. See Section II.D.4.a). 
For these same reasons, we deny Patent Owner’s motion to exclude Exhibits 
1004 and 1057. 
(3) Exhibits 1079–1088 
Patent Owner moves to exclude Exhibits 1079 through 1088 
submitted with Petitioner’s Reply. See Mot. to Exclude 2, 8–15. Patent 
Owner asserts that these exhibits should have been submitted with the 
Petition and are untimely. Id. at 8. Patent Owner also asserts that Dr. Byrn 
did not “elect to submit a Reply declaration, rely upon any of these 
documents, or testify that any of them are the kinds of documents an expert 
in his field (much less a POSA in the field of the invention) would rely 
upon.” Id. 
Petitioner asserts that these documents were presented to Dr. Laskar at 
his deposition to rebut Patent Owner’s assertions that “two common 
buffering agents, sodium dihydrogen phosphate and disodium hydrogen 
phosphate—identified and claimed by the ’787 patent as buffering agents—
are not buffers in the claimed range of about 4.8 to about 6.4.” Opp. to Mot. 
to Exclude 10–11 (citing PO Resp. 35–36; Ex. 2003 ¶ 56). 
Our Trial Practice Guide states that: 
Petitioner may not submit new evidence or argument in 
reply that it could have presented earlier, e.g. to make out a prima 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
33 
facie case of unpatentability. A party may also submit rebuttal 
evidence in support of its reply. 
Patent Trial and Appeal Board Consolidated Trial Practice Guide 73 (Nov. 
2019) (citing Belden Inc. v. Berk-Tek LLC, 805 F.3d 1064, 1077–78 (Fed. 
Cir. 2015). 
 
Here, we find that Exhibits 1079 through 1088 are appropriate rebuttal 
evidence. Petitioner uses these exhibits to test Dr. Laskar’s opinions 
concerning the buffering range for sodium dihydrogen phosphate and 
disodium hydrogen phosphate. See generally Ex. 1078, 91–189.13 As the 
Federal Circuit noted in Belden, there is no bright-line demarcation between 
support for Petitioner’s prima facie case and rebuttal evidence. For instance, 
the Federal Circuit stated that using rebuttal evidence as support for the 
prima facie case does not necessarily mean that is was “necessary” for the 
prima facie case requiring it to be in the Petition. 
Evidence admitted in rebuttal to respond to the patent owner’s 
criticisms will commonly confirm the prima facie case. That 
does not make it necessary to the prima facie case. And nothing 
required the Board to write its opinion to separate the material 
offered by [petitioner] at different stages of the proceeding. 
 See Belden, 805 F.3d at 1079. 
 
For these reasons, we deny Patent Owner’s motion to exclude Exhibits 
1079 through 1088. 
 
13 In response to Patent Owner’s Objections to Evidence, Petitioner also 
provided a Declaration of Rebecca L. Baker, a Research Analyst at the law 
firm representing Petitioner, attesting to the authenticity of Exhibits 1079, 
1081–1085. See Ex. 1095. 
 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
34 
c) Claim 1 
Petitioner asserts that claim 1 recites elements previously known in 
Chia and Akorn: “Chia’s low-concentration atropine formulation, combined 
with Akorn’s buffering agents to provide an aqueous atropine solution with a 
pH range that was well known to be desirable for treating myopia.” Pet. 23. 
The claimed “stabilized” atropine solution of claim 1, Petitioner asserts, is 
an expected result of the combination of Chia’s low-concentration atropine 
formulation and Akorn’s buffering agents. Id. 
Petitioner describes what it terms the “ample” motivation to make 
such a combination and the reasonable expectation of success for such a 
combination as follows. See Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 64–78). 
In 2012, Chia disclosed that low-concentration atropine eye 
drops effectively treated myopia and reduced patient compliance 
problems associated with higher concentration compositions. 
Ex. 1003, 7–8. Chia’s clinical success would have provided 
motivation to make and use low-concentration atropine 
formulations at optimal pH levels for patient comfort and 
stability. To determine the suitable pH levels, a POSA would 
have looked to FDA-approved atropine ophthalmic solutions. 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 65, 87. As a result, a POSA would have been 
motivated to use Akorn’s pH range of 3.5–6.0 for the low-
concentration formulation disclosed in Chia. A POSA would 
have confirmed that this range was appropriate via routine 
experimentation and based on the predicted stability of atropine 
at various pHs disclosed in Kondritzer. 
Pet. 23–24. 
Patent Owner responds that Akorn “does not disclose the phosphate 
salts are buffering agents. Nor does it disclose that the Akorn product has a 
pH range of 3.5–6.0. Each of these failures is case-dispositive,” as all 
grounds rely exclusively on Akorn “to disclose a stabilized atropine 
ophthalmic aqueous solution comprising a buffering agent to provide a pH 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
35 
within the claimed range.” PO Resp. 1, 26. Patent Owner also asserts that 
Petitioner’s only motivation for making the claimed combinations in the 
’787 patent results from improper hindsight. See id. at 43–52. 
(1) Limitations 1[a], 1[b], 1[d], and 1[e] 
We begin our analysis with the limitations of claim 1 that Patent 
Owner does not dispute are taught by the prior art. Petitioner points to both 
Chia and Akorn as teaching limitation 1[a]: “[a] stabilized ophthalmic 
composition for treating pre-myopia, myopia or progression of myopia.” 
Pet. 28–29; see Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 83–87. Chia describes the ATOM2 study, 
which “examined the effect of lower doses of atropine to determine whether 
these concentrations could result in efficacy in preventing myopia 
progression, with less visual side effects (i.e., pupil dilation, loss of 
accommodation, and near vision blur).” Ex. 1003, 1–2. The treatment phase 
of the ATOM2 study lasted 24 months, id. at 2, and “[t]rial medications 
were prepackaged so that bottles were prelabeled with subject number and of 
similar appearance. Trial medication consisted of the appropriate dose of 
atropine sulfate with 0.02% of 50% benzalkonium chloride as a preservative 
. . . .” Id. 
From this description, Dr. Byrn testifies that “the atropine eye drops 
discussed by Chia teach ‘an ophthalmic composition.’” Ex. 1002 ¶ 85. 
Dr. Byrn further testifies that “a POSA would have recognized that Chia’s 
‘prepackaged’ composition, administered over the course of a multi-year 
study, would almost certainly have included components to reduce 
degradation of atropine—i.e., a POSA would have recognized that the 
formulation in Chia was stabilized.” Id. ¶ 86 (citing Ex. 1003, 2). We agree 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
36 
with Dr. Byrn’s assessment of the teachings of Chia and credit his 
testimony.14 
Petitioner relies on Chia for teaching limitation 1[b]: “from about 
0.001 wt % to about 0.05 wt % of atropine or atropine sulfate and water.” 
Pet. 29–30. Petitioner relies on the statement in Chia that “[a]tropine 0.01 % 
has minimal side effects compared with atropine at 0.1 % and 0.5%, and 
retains comparable efficacy in controlling myopia progression,” as teaching 
an aqueous 0.01 % atropine solution that “falls squarely within the claimed 
range of limitation 1[b]. Id. at 29–30; Ex. 1002 ¶ 89. 
We agree with Petitioner that the overlap between the concentration of 
Chia’s atropine solution and the claimed range establishes a prima facie case 
of obviousness, for which Patent Owner has not offered any rebuttal. See 
Genentech, Inc. v. Hospira Inc., 946 F.3d 1333, 1341 (Fed. Cir. 2020) 
(citing In re Peterson, 315 F.3d 1325, 1329 (Fed. Cir. 2003)). 
Concerning limitation 1[d]: “the stabilized ophthalmic composition is 
a liquid,” we agree that both Chia and Akorn teach aqueous, i.e., liquid 
solutions. See Pet. 32–33 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 101–103; Ex. 1004, 1–5; 
Ex. 1003, 1). As Petitioner states, “[b]oth Chia and Akorn disclose topical 
administration of atropine solutions by instillation of eyedrops, and a POSA 
 
14 Dr. Byrn also relies on Akorn’s disclosure of “an FDA-approved, 
commercially available atropine sulfate ophthalmic solution,” as also 
teaching a stabilized ophthalmic composition for treating myopia. Ex. 1002 
¶ 87. Dr. Byrn testifies that “[a] POSA would have understood that Akorn 
discloses a stabilized ophthalmic composition via its disclosure of several 
buffering agents to adjust pH to a range of 3.5–6.0, including monobasic 
sodium phosphate, hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide.” Id. 
Because whether Akorn discloses buffers or a pH range of 3.5–6.0 for its 
solution is disputed by Patent Owner, we will address Akorn’s teachings 
when we address Patent Owner’s criticisms of Petitioner’s case below. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
37 
would have understood that each solution would be a liquid.” Pet. 33 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 102–103; Ex. 1019, 49). We agree with Dr. Byrn that a POSA 
would have understood that the ophthalmic composition in Chia and Akorn 
were liquids. 
 
Limitation 1[e] requires that “the stabilized ophthalmic composition 
comprises less than about 10% of a degradant formed from degradation of 
the atropine or atropine sulfate after an extended period of time of at least 2 
weeks under a storage temperature of from about 20° C. to about 70° C. and 
relative humidity from about 50% to about 80%.” Ex. 1001, 97:38–44. 
Petitioner asserts that limitation 1[e] is “merely an obvious, known, and/or 
inherent property of the obvious formulation claims in elements 1[a]–[d].” 
Pet. 34. Petitioner further states that the percentage of “a degradant,” such 
as tropic acid from the breakdown of atropine in an aqueous solution, “is 
simply a property inherent to the atropine or atropine sulfate ophthalmic 
solution.” Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 43, 105). Petitioner relies on the 
teachings of Kondritzer to show that limitation 1[d] is an inherent property 
of the composition, i.e., that the limit on the amount of degradation products 
under the claimed conditions necessarily results from the claimed stabilized 
ophthalmic composition. See Pet. 34; see In re Kao, 639 F.3d 1057, 1070 
(Fed. Cir. 2011) (determining claim limitation directed to an inherent 
property of a formulation “adds nothing of patentable consequence”). 
For instance, Dr. Byrn testifies that “Kondritzer shows that atropine 
degradation was a predictable function of pH and temperature. Ex. 1005, 1, 
4–5. Kondritzer derives an equation to predict the pH at which atropine 
would be most stable for any hydrogen ion concentration. Ex. 1005, 2.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 106. Dr. Byrn also testifies that Kondritzer shows in Figure 10 
that “at 20° C and pH 5, the half-life of atropine is 266 years; and at 20° C 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
38 
and pH 6, the half-life of atropine is 27 years.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 107. Dr. Byrn 
utilized Kondritzer’s chart in Figure 10 to calculate the time it would take 
for 10% of atropine to degrade at a pH of 5 and 20° C. Id. Dr. Byrn 
concludes that “at 20° C and pH 5, a POSA would reasonably expect the 
compositions of claim 1 to comprise 90% atropine for approximately 40.4 
years. At these parameters, which fall within the limitations of claim 1, 
Kondritzer shows that atropine would readily exceed the stability 
requirements of limitation 1[e], which allows for up to 10% degradation 
after at least two weeks.” Id. ¶ 108. 
 
We credit Dr. Byrn’s testimony concerning the teachings of 
Kondritzer and the ability of a POSA to predict the amount of degradation of 
atropine over time.15 Therefore, we find that Petitioner has shown that 
limitation 1[e] is inherent in the stabilized ophthalmic solution of claim 1. 
(2) Limitation 1[c] 
The heart of the parties’ dispute in this case involves whether the cited 
art teaches limitation 1[c] that requires “the stabilized ophthalmic 
 
15 Dr. Laskar faults Dr. Byrn’s statement that the humidity of the ambient air 
“would not be expected to affect the stability of atropine molecules that are 
in solution.” Ex. 2003 ¶ 131; see PO Resp. 55–56. Dr. Laskar states that 
“Dr. Byrn should be aware that the relative humidity of the ambient air can 
impact the rate of evaporation of the water in the atropine solution, which 
could then impact the concentration of atropine,” especially when stored in a 
plastic dropper bottle that is semi-permeable to water. Ex. 2003 ¶ 131. 
Dr. Byrn’s testimony, which we credit, finds that the expected degradation 
of an atropine solution of claim 1 would not only retain 90% atropine for the 
required two weeks, but for 40.4 years. It is hard to imagine in what 
scenario the relative humidity could so diminish the stability of an atropine 
solution made in accordance with claim 1 that it would fail to meet the 2-
week limitation to preserve at least 90% of the atropine. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
39 
composition further comprises a buffering agent to provide a pH of from 
about 4.8 to about 6.4.” See Pet. 30–32; PO Resp. 26–43. 
Petitioner relies on Akorn, asserting it discloses “a stabilized 
ophthalmic composition” that further discloses “several buffering agents to 
‘provide a pH of from about 4.8 to 6.4,’ as in claim 1.” Pet. 30–31. 
Petitioner further asserts that: 
Kondritzer would have provided a reasonable expectation of 
success to use Akorn’s pH range of 3.5–6.0. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 96–99. 
Kondritzer discloses that optimum atropine stability in aqueous 
solutions is at pH 3 to 5, and predicts atropine stability in the pH 
range of 2 to 7. Ex. 1005, 4; Ex. 1002 ¶ 96. However, overly 
acidic pH was known to be a problem for patient comfort in 
ophthalmic solutions. Ex. 1002 ¶ 97. A POSA would therefore 
have targeted the higher end of Akorn’s stability range and been 
motivated to use a pH range of about 5 to about 6 to optimized 
stability in view of patient comfort. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 98–99; Ex. 
1019, 52 (ophthalmic preparations should be formulated at a pH 
equivalent to the tear fluid value of 7.4); see also Ex. 1005, 4 
(showing decreasing atropine stability as pH increases to 7.0). 
Thus, a POSA would have recognized that a pH range of 
approximately 3.5–6.0 was optimal. Ex. 1002 ¶ 99. 
Id. 31. Petitioner concludes that “[b]ecause pH was a well-known result-
effective variable, and because these ranges significantly overlap with the 
claimed pH range of 4.8 to about 6.4, the claimed range would have been 
obvious.” Id. at 32 (citations omitted). 
Patent Owner disagrees. Patent Owner asserts that “all grounds 
critically hinge on using the same ‘buffer system’ and pH range allegedly 
disclosed in [Akorn].” PO Resp. 30. But, Patent Owner asserts that Akorn 
does not state that it employs a buffering agent to control or maintain pH of 
its atropine solution, and does not even disclose the actual pH of its solution. 
Id. at 26. Patent Owner also asserts that the phosphate salts disclosed in 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
40 
Akorn are not identified as buffering agents, and could not have buffered 
Akorn’s solution at the listed pH range. Id. at 27. Dr. Laskar testifies that in 
listing the pH range of 3.5 to 6.0, Akorn is merely showing compliance with 
the pH limits imposed by the National Formulary of the U.S. Pharmacopeia 
(“USP”) and does not state the pH of the described solution. PO Resp. 1, 
33–35. Patent Owner also asserts that there is no indication in Akorn that 
the listed phosphate salts act as buffers, so these could not have “provided” 
the pH range as required by the claims. Id. at 34–35. 
Akorn describes the ingredients of its formulation as follows. 
Each mL of Atropine Sulfate Ophthalmic Solution USP, 1% 
contains: Active: atropine sulfate 10 mg equivalent to 8.3 mg 
of atropine. Inactives: benzalkonium chloride 0.1 mg (0.01%), 
dibasic sodium phosphate, edetate disodium Hypromellose 
(2910), monobasic sodium phosphate, hydrochloric acid and/or 
sodium hydroxide may be added to adjust pH (3.5 to 6.0), and 
water for injection USP. 
Ex. 1004, 3. 
 
Patent Owner’s argument rests on a listed buffering range in the 
Waterman reference for phosphoric acid that does not encompass a pH of 
3.5 to 6.0 as set forth in Akorn. See Ex. 2003 ¶ 52; Ex. 1040, 23. As Dr. 
Laskar testifies, “Waterman Table 8 lists the ‘Buffering Range’ of 
Phosphoric acid as ‘2–3.1, 6.2–8.2.’” Ex. 2003 ¶ 52 (citing Ex. 1040, Table 
8). Dr. Laskar testifies: 
As the Waterman reference submitted with the petition 
explains, when selecting a buffer, which acts to maintain a 
solution pH (e.g., at the pH of maximum stability of the active 
ingredient), the “primary criteria for selection” are “the pH 
range and buffer capacity [which is maximal at a pH value 
equal to the pKa of the buffer (164)] for the buffer.” Ex. 1040, 
23 (bracketed in material in original). Waterman states that its 
“Table 8 lists commonly used buffers along with their pKa 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
41 
values and optimal pH ranges.” Id. Waterman Table 8 lists the 
“Buffering Range” of Phosphoric acid as “2–3.1, 6.2–8.2.” Id., 
Table 8; see also paragraph 9 above. In other words, the 
buffering range of phosphoric acid and its dibasic sodium 
phosphate and monobasic sodium phosphate salts does not 
cover or even overlap with a solution pH of 3.5–6.0. 
Ex. 2003 ¶ 52. 
 
Patent Owner’s argument presumes that the pKa for a particular buffer 
is set at a particular pH range which is not malleable depending on the 
conditions of the solution that is being buffered. Waterman itself refutes this 
presumption. First, Waterman describes the buffering ranges listed in 
Table 8 as “optimal” pH ranges of pKa ± 1 indicating some buffering 
capacity may exist below or above the given ranges. See Ex. 1040, 23. 
Dr. Byrn testifies that the most effective pH range for a buffer is within ± 1 
of its pKa, but “[i]t’s not a hard cutoff; it’s an effectiveness issue.” Ex. 
2009, 87:5–12; see id. at 88:23–89:19 (pKa ± 1 covers the most effective 
buffer range, but it is not a hard cutoff), 91:7–18 (person of skill knows pKa 
± 1 is not a hard cutoff); 95:11–97:4 (applying the Henderson, Hasselbach 
equation provides a wider pH buffering range than pKa ± 1). Dr. Laskar 
testifies that pKa changes as a function of temperature. Ex. 1078, 124:5–9. 
Waterman also states that “[u]se of co-solvents, surfactants, and complexing 
agents to solubilize a drug may also influence that buffering capacity and 
final pH of a formulation by altering the effective pKa of the buffer and/or 
directly interacting with the buffer components.” Ex. 1040, 24. The 
evidence of record indicates that the pKa for a buffer is not static, but 
depends on the parameters of the solution in which the buffer is used. 
As for the specific phosphate buffers used in Akorn and claim 7 of the 
’787 patent, Petitioner submitted credible evidence that the lower end of the 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
42 
buffer range for these buffers may be as low as pH 5.4. For instance, in 
Chapter 4 of the Fifth Edition of the European Pharmacopoeia, with which 
Dr. Laskar testifies he is familiar and which contains recipes for various 
buffer solutions, is described a 0.067 molar phosphate buffer solution with a 
pH of 5.4 that is within the 3.5 to 6.0 pH range set forth in Akorn. See Ex. 
1081, 6; Ex. 1078, 113:12–118:20; see also Ex. 1078, 115:22–116:5 (stating 
European Pharmacopoeia provides a recipe for an 0.067 molar phosphate 
buffer solution pH 5.4 within the 3.5 to 6.0 pH range). 
Petitioner also presents further evidence of a phosphate buffer with a 
pH range of 5.8 to 8.0 as set forth in a book titled “Buffers: A guide for the 
preparation and use of buffer in biological systems,” by Calbiochem, an 
affiliate of Merck KGaA. See Ex. 1082, 1, 2, 25. The excerpt showing the 
recipe is set forth in a screenshot, which is reproduced below. Ex. 1082, 25. 
 
The screenshot above shows a recipe and accompanying table for making an 
aqueous phosphate buffer having a pH between 5.8 and 8.0 by mixing 0.1 M 
sodium phosphate monobasic with 0.1 M sodium phosphate dibasic in 
deionized water. 
Petitioner further presents evidence from PubChem from the National 
Institutes of Health on the pKa values for Monosodium phosphate and 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
43 
disodium hydrogen phosphate. See Exs. 1084, 1085. The first publication 
lists the pKa for monosodium phosphate as a range from 6.8–7.2 “depending 
on the physiochemical characteristics during pKa determination.” Ex. 1084, 
7. The second publication lists the pKa’s for disodium hydrogen phosphate 
in the following table, which differ from those set forth in the Waterman 
reference. Ex. 1085, 8. 
 
The table is table 3.2.13 from the PubChem listing for Disodium hydrogen 
phosphate, showing pKa values for dissociation of 2.15, 6.83, and 12.38 at 
25° C. 
 
With this record evidence in mind, we turn to what a POSA would 
glean from reviewing Akorn. Dr. Byrn testifies that Akorn discloses 
standard buffering agents, including dibasic sodium phosphate, also known 
as disodium hydrogen phosphate, and monobasic sodium phosphate, also 
known as sodium dihydrogen phosphate, that have been shown in the 
evidence just discussed to be able to buffer Akorn’s formulation at least in 
the upper part of the cited pH range. Ex. 1002 ¶ 94–95 (citing Ex. 1019, 52; 
Ex. 1026, 4–5). We disagree with Dr. Laskar’s reliance solely on the 
Waterman reference as disclosing a buffering range for phosphate salts that 
“has no overlap with a solution pH of 3.5 to 6.0,” and do not credit his 
conclusion that a POSA would understand this lack of overlap “to 
completely contradict Dr. Byrn’s assertions that these phosphate salts 
represent a ‘common buffer’ that was used in EX1004 ‘to maintain a pH of 
3.5 to 6.0.’” See Ex. 2003 ¶ 78. 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
44 
 
We do not agree with Dr. Laskar’s criticism that Akorn does not 
disclose buffers. See Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 71–72. Dr. Laskar testifies that Akorn 
does not disclose any buffers. Id. Dr. Laskar further testifies: 
To the contrary, the disclosure of EX1004 is consistent with the 
direction provided in Remington and the state of the art in 2015 
regarding atropine aqueous ophthalmic solutions. Everything I 
have read in EX1004 is consistent with the state of the art before 
2015, which was to avoid using a buffer or buffering agent in the 
acidic solution of storage within the boundaries (pH 3.5–6.0) 
imposed by the USP. 
Ex. 2003 ¶ 71. 
We find, however, that Dr. Laskar’s statements concerning the state of 
the art in 2015, including about the teachings of the Remington reference, 
are not sufficiently supported by record evidence. For instance, Dr. Laskar 
premises his conclusion concerning the state of the art in 2015 that buffers 
should not be used for atropine solutions, as informed by the Remington 
reference Dr. Laskar calls the formulator’s “bible,” on the mistaken belief 
that the phosphate buffers listed in Akorn cannot buffer below a pH of 6.0. 
See generally Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 45–69. Remington, however, expressly lists 
phosphate salts in a suggested ophthalmic solution for atropine, but Dr. 
Laskar states, without support other than the Waterman reference, that 
“[n]either one of these phosphate salts, alone or in the disclosed 
combination, is a buffering agent to provide a pH of from about 4.8 to about 
6.4. Nor do they provide, alone or in combination, a buffer for a solution 
having a pH no lower than 3.5 and no higher than 6.0.” Id. ¶ 50. 
As set forth above, we do not agree that the phosphate salts listed in 
Remington do not buffer at a pH of 6.0 or below. We do not understand 
Dr. Laskar’s statement that these buffers also do not provide a pH from 
about 4.8 to about 6.4. Dr. Laskar testifies that it is difficult to change the 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
45 
pH of a solution by adjusting the ratio of acid to conjugate base of a buffer 
from a 50:50 ratio, see Ex. 2003 ¶ 59, and states that “[i]n Remington, for 
example, the atropine ophthalmic vehicle uses somewhat more than twice as 
much monobasic phosphate as dibasic phosphate on a molar basis, but this 
alters the pH only by about 0.3 pH units,” id. Dr. Laskar concludes, 
however, that the phosphate buffer system listed in claim 7 of the ’787 
patent, the same buffering pair listed in Akorn, can provide a pH no greater 
than about 6.4 by utilizing “extremely large and counterintuitive variations 
from standard buffer protocols” to be able to “buffer near the limits of an 
agent’s buffering range.” Id. Patent Owner cannot have it both ways; 
phosphate buffers listed in Remington in the suggested atropine solution 
cannot be said to not buffer, while phosphate buffers listed in claim 7 of the 
’787 patent, which do not have any particular amount or ratio of acid to base 
listed, do perform the function of a buffer that provides a pH of from about 
4.8 to about 6.4. 
We agree with Dr. Byrn that Remington does recommend the use of 
buffers to maintain the pH at the appropriate level. Ex. 1002 ¶ 50 (citing 
Ex. 1019, 52–54). In discussing ophthalmic preparations, Remington states: 
Ideally, ophthalmic preparations should be formulated at a 
pH equivalent to the tear fluid value of 7.4. Practically, this 
seldom is achieved. The large majority of active ingredients used 
in ophthalmology are salts of weak bases and are most stable at 
an acid pH. . . . 
Optimum pH adjustment generally requires a compromise 
on the part of the formulator. The pH selected should be 
optimum for stability. The buffer system selected should have a 
capacity adequate to maintain pH within the stability range for 
the duration of the product shelf life. Buffer capacity is the key 
in this situation. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
46 
It generally is accepted that a low (acid) pH per se 
necessarily will not cause stinging or discomfort on instillation. 
If the overall pH of the tears, after instillation, reverts rapidly to 
pH 7.4, discomfort is minimal. On the other hand, if the buffer 
capacity is sufficient to resist adjustment by tear fluid and the 
overall eye pH remains acid for an appreciable period of time, 
then stinging and discomfort may result. Consequently, buffer 
capacity should be adequate for stability, but minimized so far as 
possible, to allow the overall pH of the tear fluid to be disrupted 
only momentarily. 
Ex. 1019, 54. 
 
Remington is recommending a buffer to stabilize an ophthalmic 
solution for the product’s shelf life, but also recommends a balance with the 
buffers capacity to prevent any resistance to adjustment by tear fluid when 
the ophthalmic solution is applied to the eye to provide patient comfort and 
compliance. Contrary to Dr. Laskar’s testimony, the record evidence shows 
that buffers are recommended for ophthalmic solutions to maintain shelf life. 
Akorn also discloses a pH range of 3.5 to 6.0 for its formulation that 
overlaps with the pH range at which atropine was known to be most stable, 
pH 3–5. Ex. 1002 ¶ 93; see Ex. 2003 ¶ 45 (Dr. Laskar admits that “The 
United States Pharmacopeia/National Formulary had long required atropine 
sulfate ophthalmic solution to be packaged for storage at a solution pH no 
greater than 6.0 and no less than 3.5.”). Patent Owner takes issue with the 
fact that we don’t know the exact pH of Akorn’s formulation. See Ex. 2003 
¶ 74. We don’t find this argument persuasive as Akorn teaches a particular 
pH range for its formulation for 1% atropine, which informs a POSA of the 
appropriate pH range, if not a particular point within the range. The 
appropriate pH range set forth in Akorn overlaps with the claimed pH range 
in claim 1, and there is no dispute that pH is a result effective variable for 
the stability of an atropine solution and finding the optimum pH value for an 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
47 
atropine solution is within the level of ordinary skill of the art. See Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 96–98; Ex. 1005 (showing how to predict half-lives of atropine solutions 
at various pH values and temperatures); Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 38, 61; Ex. 1078, 
143:11–144:5 (stating “a POSA would be able to prepare a buffer at pHs 
within that range of 4.8 to 6.4). This evidence is sufficient to support a case 
of obviousness. See E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. v. Synvina C.V., 904 
F.3d 996, 1006 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (“‘[W]here there is a range disclosed in the 
prior art, and the claimed invention falls within that range, the burden of 
production falls upon the patentee to come forward with evidence’” of 
teaching away, unexpected results, or other pertinent evidence of 
nonobviousness.”). 
Patent Owner also alleges criticality of the claimed pH range set forth 
in the claims when providing an overview of the ’787 patent. See PO Resp. 
15–19; see Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 156–158. Patent Owner argues that the inventors 
discovered that “using a buffer was critical to atropine stability” for the 
claimed low dose in the claimed range. PO Resp. 18. This is not 
appropriate objective evidence of nonobviousness to rebut Petitioner’s proof 
of overlapping ranges between the prior art and the claimed pH range 
because regardless of whether the problem of the stability of atropine at low 
doses was unexpected, the result of using a buffer, pH stability for the range, 
was not unexpected. The buffer is just doing exactly what a buffer does as 
recognized: viz., maintaining pH. See Ex. 1038, 2 (stating “primary purpose 
of a buffer is to control the pH of the solution”). The fact that the claimed 
range for a stable low dose atropine solution substantially overlapped with 
the USP stated range for atropine solutions is also not surprising or 
unexpected. 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
48 
(3) Reason to Combine with a Reasonable Expectation of Success 
The Petitioner asserts that a POSA would have been motivated to 
formulate lower-concentration formulations such as the claimed composition 
in claim 1 to reduce “the side effects without significant loss of efficacy.” 
Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 67–68). Recognizing the side effects of higher 
concentration atropine solutions, such as photophobia, cycloplegia, and 
mydriasis, causing poor patient compliance, Petitioner asserts that Chia 
studied lower dose atropine compositions and concluded that “a nightly dose 
of atropine at 0.01% seems to be a safe and effective regimen for slowing 
myopia progression in children, with minimal impact on visual function in 
children.” Id. at 25 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 69; Ex. 1003, 1, 7, 8). This 
conclusion, Petitioner asserts would have motivated a POSA “to pursue a 
stable, ready-to-use formulation for that treatment.” Id. (citing Ex. 1003, 8; 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 71–72). 
Petitioner further reasons that because using atropine to treat myopia 
requires long-term treatment, a POSA “would have been motivated to 
increase the stability and shelf life of low-concentration formulations.” 
Pet. 25 (citing Ex 1003, 1; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 71–72). In light of the teachings of 
Kondritzer, Petitioner states that a POSA would have known that atropine’s 
stability was pH dependent, and “[i]n selecting a suitable buffer system for 
long-term stability of atropine solutions, a POSA would have looked to 
FDA-approved atropine ophthalmic solutions,” such as Akorn. Pet. 25–26 
(citing Ex. 1005; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 43–45, 74). In addition to shelf life, Petitioner 
asserts a POSA also would have been concerned about patient comfort and 
compliance with using the low-concentration atropine product and would 
know that the pH for optimum patient comfort is the same pH as tear fluid, 
about 7.4. Id. at 26–27. In balancing stability of atropine, which is most 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
49 
stable at a pH from 3 to 5 according to Kondritzer, Petitioner asserts that “a 
POSA would have been motivated to increase the long-term stability of 
Chia’s low-concentration atropine at pHs closer to the clinically desirable 
pH of 7.4.” Id. at 27 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 78). Petitioner asserts that a POSA 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so by using 
buffers, a common component in ophthalmic compositions, to target “the 
higher end of Akorn’s disclosed pH range in order to optimize stability in 
view of patient comfort . . . .” Id. at 27–28. 
Patent Owner responds that the low-concentration atropine 
formulations did not contain buffers and that the state of the art in 2015 
taught excluding the use of buffers. See PO Resp. 43–46. We have 
addressed Patent Owner’s argument that the state of the art in 2015 for 
ophthalmic solutions did not teach buffers. As we found above, the record 
evidence such as Remington shows that buffers are recommended for 
ophthalmic solutions to maintain shelf life. 
We also note that the prior art references such as Chia described 
studies to determine the safety and efficacy of low-dose atropine solutions 
and were not commercially available formulations that must meet FDA 
requirements for safety and efficacy. Chia specifically states that “[a]tropine 
0.01% is currently not commercially available.” Ex. 1003, 8. 
 
Patent Owner also asserts that adding a buffer would decrease patient 
comfort by maintaining a low pH of the atropine solution when 
administered, causing increased tearing which would undermine efficacy by 
washing away the atropine. PO Resp. 46–48. We do not find this argument 
persuasive. As Remington explained, a POSA must choose a buffer to 
stabilize an ophthalmic solution, but also balance the shelf-life of the 
solution with a buffering capacity that allows a patient’s tears to easily 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
50 
overcome an uncomfortable acidic pH of the ophthalmic solution. See 
Ex. 1019, 54. As Remington states, “[b]uffer capacity is the key,” and 
“buffer capacity should be adequate for stability, but minimized so far as 
possible to allow the overall pH of the tear fluid to be disrupted only 
momentarily.” Id. Buffering does not impede patient comfort when buffer 
capacity is properly assessed. 
We agree with Petitioner and Dr. Byrn that “a POSA would have been 
motivated to formulate low-concentration atropine solutions that could be 
administered at pHs closer to those that provided optimal patient compliance 
and clinical efficacy, but that could also remain stable over long periods of 
time.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 78. We determine that Petitioner has shown an 
appropriate reason to combine the teachings of Chia, Akorn, and Kondritzer 
to arrive at the composition of claim 1 with a reasonable expectation of 
success. 
(4) Conclusion 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claim 1 of the ’787 patent would have been obvious over Chia, 
Akorn, and Kondritzer. 
d) Dependent Claims 2, 4–9, and 12–19 
Dependent claims 2, 4, and 5 each recite stabilized ophthalmic 
compositions with narrow ranges of atropine or atropine sulfate 
concentrations, i.e., claim 2—“from about 0.001 wt % to about 0.03 wt %,” 
claim 4—“from about 0.01 wt % to about 0.02 wt %,” claim 5—“about 0.01 
wt %.” Petitioner relies on Chia’s teaching of 0.01% atropine, which is 
within claim 2’s range, at the lower end of claim 4’s range, and is the exact 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
51 
amount as claimed in claim 5, to establish that these dependent claims would 
have been obvious as well. See Pet. 35–36 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 110–113). 
Patent Owner does not address these additional limitations apart from 
its arguments as to claim 1. The reasons that we set forth above for the 
determination that claim 1 would have been obvious equally apply here. We 
determine that Petitioner has shown by the preponderance of the evidence on 
the record before us that claims 2, 4, and 5 would have been obvious over 
Chia, Akorn, and Kondritzer. 
Claims 6 and 7 further define the buffering agent of claim 1 to include 
a phosphate buffering agent for claim 6 and “sodium dihydrogen phosphate, 
disodium hydrogen phosphate, or a combination thereof” for claim 7, which 
Petitioner asserts Akorn teaches. See Pet. 36 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 116–117; 
Ex. 1004, 3). Patent Owner reasserts the same argument that it raised with 
respect to claim 1, namely, that Akorn does not teach the claimed phosphate 
buffers. See PO Resp. 57. We have addressed Patent Owner’s arguments 
with respect to claim 1 and found that Akorn does teach the claimed 
phosphate buffers. 
Claim 8 further requires a tonicity adjusting agent, and claim 9 further 
defines the tonicity agent as a halide salt of a monovalent cation. Ex. 1001, 
98:11–16. Petitioner asserts that “[a] POSA would have recognized that 
decreasing the concentration of atropine sulfate from Akorn’s 1% atropine 
sulfate solution to Chia’s 0.01% atropine sulfate solution would require the 
addition of a tonicity adjusting agent to maintain eye comfort” due to a 
reduction in the amount of salt in the solution. Pet. 37 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 122–124). Petitioner also asserts that sodium chloride, a halide salt of a 
monovalent cation, is a very common tonicity adjusting agent. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 123–124; Ex. 1036, 1–3; Ex. 1019, 54). 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
52 
Patent Owner responds that Petitioner has not shown that a reduction 
from 1% to 0.01% atropine sulfate will make enough difference in the 
osmolarity to be material to the tonicity of the solution, and Petitioner failed 
to account for the existing tonicity of Akorn’s formulation. PO Resp. 56. 
Dr. Byrn explains tonicity and that “isotonicity always is desirable 
and particularly is important in intraocular solutions.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 122 
(citing Ex. 1019, 54). Dr. Byrn then testifies that a reduction in the 
concentration of atropine sulfate, a salt, from 1% to 0.01 % would require a 
tonicity adjusting agent for eye comfort. Id. We credit Dr. Byrn’s testimony 
as it is reasonable that a 100-fold decrease in the concentration of atropine 
sulfate in the solution would require some tonicity adjustment. 
Patent Owner does not address the additional limitations of claims 12–
18 apart from its arguments as to claim 1. Claims 12, 13, and 14 further 
require, respectively, a preservative, in a particular concentration, and a list 
of particular preservatives, which Chia and/or Akorn teach. See Pet. 38–39 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 126–132; Ex. 1003, 2; Ex. 1022 1–2; Ex. 1023, 1). 
Claim 15 further requires that the stabilized ophthalmic composition is 
“essentially free of procaine and benactyzine, or pharmaceutically 
acceptable salts thereof,” which Petitioner asserts is taught by the absence of 
these ingredients in Chia and Akorn. See Pet. 39 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 133–
138; Ex. 1003; Ex. 1004, 3; Ex. 1019, 52). Claims 16 and 17 further require 
topical administration and instillation, respectively, which Petitioner asserts 
is taught by Chia and Akorn. See Pet. 40 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 139–143; Ex. 
1003, 1; Ex. 1004, 1–4). Claim 18 further requires administering the 
atropine composition through an eye drop bottle, which Petitioner asserts is 
disclosed by Akorn. Pet. 41 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 144–148; Ex. 1004, 1–4). 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
53 
We have reviewed Petitioner’s assertions in the Petition concerning 
claims 12–18 and Dr. Byrn’s testimony in support, and determine that 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that these claims 
would have been obvious over Chia, Akorn, and Kondritzer. 
Dependent claim 19 recites: “A method of treating the pre-myopia, 
myopia, or progression of myopia in an individual in need thereof, 
comprising administering to an eye of the individual an effective amount of 
the stabilized ophthalmic composition of claim 1.” Ex. 1001, 98:52–57. 
Petitioner asserts that claim 19’s requirement for a method of treating is 
taught by Chia which found “that administration of its 0.01% atropine 
solution, via eyedrops, was effective to treat myopia and progression of 
myopia.” Pet. 41 (quoting Ex. 1003, 1). 
Patent Owner raises similar arguments as it did for claim 1 that Chia 
was an unbuffered solution and that buffering decreased patient comfort. 
See Pet. 56–57. We have addressed these arguments with regard to claim 1 
and find them unavailing here as well. 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claim 19 would have been obvious over Chia, Akorn, and 
Kondritzer. 
E. Remaining Grounds 
Because we have determined that all challenged claims are 
unpatentable as obvious over Chia, Akorn, and Kondritzer, we need not 
reach the issue of whether these same claims are also unpatentable under 
Grounds 2 and 3. Therefore, we do not reach these grounds. 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
54 
III. CONCLUSION16 
For the foregoing reasons, we conclude Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 2, 4–9, and 12–19 of the ’787 
patent are unpatentable. 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence is 
denied; 
FURTHER ORDERED that claims 1, 2, 4–9, 12–19 of U.S. Patent 
No. 10,842,787 B2 have been shown by a preponderance of the evidence to 
be unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
In summary: 
 
 
16 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
55 
 
 
17 Because we find these claims are unpatentable over Chia, Akorn, and 
Kondritzer, we do not determine their patentability under this ground. 
18 Because we find these claims are unpatentable over Chia, Akorn, and 
Kondritzer, we do not determine their patentability under this ground. 
 
Claim(s) 
 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 4–9, 
12–19 
103 
Chia, Akorn, 
Kondritzer 
1, 2, 4–9, 12–
19 
 
1, 2, 4–9, 
12–19 
103 
Chia, Akorn, 
Lund17 
 
 
1, 2, 4–9, 
12–19 
103 
Akorn, Wu, 
Kondritzer18 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1, 2, 4–9, 12–
19 
 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2022-00384 
Patent 10,842,787 B2 
56 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Peter Cuomo 
Williams Dixon 
Thomas Wintner 
MINTZ, LEVIN, COHN, FERRIS, GLOVSKY & POPEO, P.C. 
pjcuomo@mintz.com 
wsdixon@mintz.com 
twintner@mintz.com 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Michael Rosato 
Lora Green 
Jad Mills 
Michael Hostetler 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
mrosato@wsgr.com 
lgreen@wsgr.com 
jmills@wsgr.com 
mhostetler@wsgr.com