--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 63 
571-272-7822 
Entered: November 6, 2025 
1 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
MERCK SHARP & DOHME LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
 
Before DEBORAH KATZ, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and 
DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
2 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting 
inter partes review of claims 1–7 of U.S. Patent No. 11,325,974 B2 (Ex. 
1001, “the ’974 patent”). Petition (“Pet.”), Paper 1. The Johns Hopkins 
University (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 5. In 
addition, as authorized (see Paper 7), Petitioner filed Petitioner’s Reply to 
Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response (Paper 8) and Patent Owner filed 
Patent Owner’s Preliminary Sur-reply (Paper 10). We granted the Petition 
and instituted an inter partes review. Paper 11. 
During trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response to the 
Petition (Paper 34 (confidential Paper 31) (“PO Resp.”)), Petitioner filed a 
Reply (Paper 52 (confidential Paper 49) (“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent Owner 
filed a Sur-reply (Paper 56 (confidential Paper 54) (“PO Sur-reply”). The 
parties declined to present oral arguments in this proceeding. See Paper 57. 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6, and this Final Written 
Decision, issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a), addresses issues and 
arguments raised during the trial.1 For the reasons discussed below, we 
 
1 To the extent this Final Written Decision includes portions of the record 
that are presently sealed, the parties may meet and confer concerning 
whether any portions of this Decision should be redacted before it is made 
available to the public. If any party maintains that redactions to the Final 
Written Decision should be made, that party may, within seven (7) days of 
entry of the Final Written Decision, submit a proposed redacted and 
publicly-available version of the Final Written Decision along with a motion 
to seal explaining why the redactions are necessary and outweigh any public 
interest in the redacted information. Any opposition to such motion must be 
filed within ten (10) days after the motion is filed. If no motion is filed 
within the timeline set forth above or if the parties otherwise inform the 
 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
3 
 
determine that Petitioner has proven, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that claims 1–7 of the ’974 patent are unpatentable. 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC and Merck & Co., 
Inc., as its real parties-in-interest. Pet. 60. Patent Owner identifies The 
Johns Hopkins University as its real party-in-interest. Paper 3 (mandatory 
notices), 1. 
C. Related Matters 
The parties indicate that the ’974 patent is involved in Merck Sharp & 
Dohme LLC v. The Johns Hopkins University, 1:22-cv-03059-JRR (D. Md.), 
filed November 29, 2022. Pet. 60; Paper 3, 1. 
In addition, several other inter partes reviews are related to this 
proceeding, including: IPR2024-00622 against U.S. Patent No. 10,934,356 
B2; IPR2024-00624 against U.S. Patent No. 11,325,975; IPR2024-00648 
against U.S. Patent No. 11,643,462; IPR2024-00240 against U.S. Patent No. 
11,591,393 B2; IPR2024-00625 against U.S. Patent No. 11,339,219; 
IPR2024-00647 against U.S. Patent No. 11,649,287; IPR2024-00649 against 
U.S. Patent No. 11,629,187; and IPR2024-00650 against U.S. Patent No. 
11,634,491. Pet. 60; Paper 3. 
D. The ’974 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’974 patent is titled “Checkpoint Blockade and Microsatellite 
Instability.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’974 patent is directed to anti-cancer 
therapies that block immune system checkpoints, including the programmed 
 
Board (via email to trials@uspto.gov) that no redactions are necessary, the 
Final Written Decision will be made available to the public in unredacted 
form. 
 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
4 
 
death-1 (“PD-1”) receptor. Id. at Abstract. More specifically, the ’974 
patent is directed to treating cancer patients with high mutational burdens, 
such as those found in microsatellite instable (“MSI”) cancer, with anti-PD-1 
antibodies. Id. at 3:35–49. MSI occurs in tumors with deficiency in DNA 
mismatch repair (“MMR-deficiency”). Id. at 1:30–31. 
The ’974 patent explains that 
[t]he PD-1 receptor-ligand interaction is a major pathway 
hijacked by tumors to suppress immune control. The normal 
function of PD-1, expressed on the cell surface of activated 
T-cells under healthy conditions, is to down-modulate unwanted 
or excessive immune responses, including auto-immune 
responses. The ligands for PD-1 (PD-L1 and PD-L2) are 
constitutively expressed or can be induced in various tumors. 
Id. at 1:53–60. According to the ’974 patent, “[h]igh expression of PD-L1 
on tumor cells (and to a lesser extent of PD-L2) has been found to correlate 
with poor prognosis and survival in various cancer types.” Id. at 2:4–2:7. 
However, the Specification describes that 
in reports of the effects of PD-1 blockade in human tumors, only 
one of 33 colorectal (CRC) patients responded to this treatment. 
. . . What was different about this patient? We hypothesized that 
this patient had MMR-deficiency, because MMR-deficiency 
occurs in a small fraction of advanced CRCs, . . . somatic 
mutations found in tumors can be recognized by the patient’s 
own immune system,[] and MMR-deficient cancers have 10- to 
100-fold more somatic mutations than MMR-proficient CRC. 
Id. at 2:60–3:3. After confirming that the tumor of the single CRC 
patient who responded to PD-1 blockade was MMR-deficient, the ’974 
patent describes the evaluation of immune checkpoint blockade in patients 
whose tumors had or did not have MMR-deficiency in a phase 2 clinical 
trial. Id. at 3:11–18. The Specification discloses that pembrolizumab is a 
monoclonal anti-PD-1 antibody, attributed to Merck, which was 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
5 
 
administered to patients in this clinical trial. Id. at 8:50–55. According to 
the ’974 patent, “[t]he data from the small phase 2 trial . . . supports the 
hypothesis that MMR-deficient tumors are more responsive to PD-1 
blockade than are MMR-proficient tumors.” Id. at 6:48–52. 
E. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–7. Representative independent claim 1 
is reproduced below: 
1. A method for treating cancer in a patient in need thereof, 
wherein a tumor sample obtained from the patient has been 
determined to exhibit an instability of one or more 
microsatellite markers or a deficiency of one or more 
mismatch repair markers, the patient having received a 
prior cancer therapy drug to treat the tumor, the method 
comprising: 
administering an effective amount of pembrolizumab to the 
patient; 
wherein the patient exhibits an outcome that is improved as 
compared to a corresponding outcome that would be 
observed in a reference patient that has been administered 
pembrolizumab, wherein the reference patient has a tumor 
that does not exhibit an instability of the one or more 
microsatellite markers or a deficiency of the one or more 
mismatch repair markers. 
Ex. 1001, 24:27–43. 
F. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 
Ex. 1005, MSI-H Study Record, ClinicalTrials.gov, 
NCT01876511, “Study of MK-3475 in Patients With 
Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors (Cohorts A, B and C),” 
(June 10, 2013) available at 
https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT01876511?tab=history&a=1 
(“MSI-H Study Record”); also available at Merck Sharp & 
Dohme LLC v. The Johns Hopkins University, 1:22-cv-03059-

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
6 
 
BPG, ECF 1, Complaint, Exhibit B (11/29/22) (“MSI-H Study 
Record”). 
Ex. 1006, Pernot et al., Colorectal Cancer and Immunity: What 
We Know and Perspectives, 20(14) WORLD J. 
GASTROENTEROLOGY 3738 (April 2014) (“Pernot”). 
Ex. 1007, Chapelle et al., Clinical Relevance of Microsatellite 
Instability in Colorectal Cancer, 28(20) J CLIN ONCOLOGY 
3320 (2010) (“Chapelle”). 
Ex. 1009, Benson et al., Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: 
Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology, 12(7) J. NAT’L 
COMPREHENSIVE CANCER NETWORK 1028 (July 2014) 
(“Benson”). 
Ex. 1011, Hamid et al., Safety and Tumor Responses with 
Lambrolizumab (Anti-PD-1) in Melanoma, 369(2) NEW ENG. J. 
MEDICINE 134 (July 2013) (“Hamid”). 
Ex. 1034, Brown et al., Neo-Antigens Predicted by Tumor 
Genome Meta-Analysis Correlate with Increased Patient 
Survival, 24(5) GENOME RESEARCH 743 (May 2014) 
(“Brown”). 
Ex. 1087, Duval et al., The mutator pathway is a feature of 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas, 101(14) PROCEEDINGS 
OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES 5002 (2004) 
(“Duval”). 
G. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–7 would have been unpatentable on the 
following grounds: 
 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
7 
 
Ground Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. 
§2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–3, 5–7 
102 
MSI-H Study Record 
2 
1–3, 5–7 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Pernot, Benson 
3 
4 
103 
MSI-H Study Record or 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Pernot, Benson, Chapelle 
4 
1–3, 5–7 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson 
5 
4 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Chapelle 
6 
7 
103 
MSI-H Study Record or 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Pernot, Benson, Chapelle, 
Hamid 
7 
7 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Chapelle, Hamid 
 
H. Claim Construction 
The parties do not assert constructions of any terms recited in the 
challenged claims other than that their ordinary and customary meanings 
should apply. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020) (requiring claims to be 
construed “in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such 
claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution 
history pertaining to the patent.”). 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 
(2011) (“AIA”), included revisions to 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 that became 
effective on March 16, 2013, before the filing of the applications to which 
the ’974 patent claims priority. Therefore, we apply the AIA versions of 
Sections 102 and 103. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
8 
 
I. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
The parties rely on the testimony of witnesses for their opinions on 
what one of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) would have known and 
understood at the relevant time. Specifically, Petitioner relies primarily on 
the testimony of Alfred L. Neugut, M.D., Ph.D., M.P.H. (Ex. 1003) and Paul 
E. Oberstein, M.D. (Ex. 1150). Patent Owner relies primarily on the 
testimony of Nils Lonberg, Ph.D. (Ex. 2072). 
Petitioner proposes that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) 
at the time of the invention 
would be a medical doctor or a professional in a related field with 
at least five years of experience with treating cancer. . . . The 
POSA would also have experience in or access to a person with 
knowledge of clinical studies for therapeutics and how they work 
and a pathologist with comparable experience. . . . The inherent 
anticipation and obviousness grounds discussed herein would not 
change due to a modestly lesser or greater level of experience. 
Pet. 12–13 (citing Ex. 1003¶ 19). 
Patent Owner contends that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
had a medical or graduate-level degree, or equivalent work experience, in 
the fields of immunology, genetics, or a related field and would have 
experience (i) conducting immunology research relating to oncology, (ii) 
conducting genetics research relating to oncology, or (iii) developing and 
conducting clinical trials on novel cancer therapies in those fields. PO Resp. 
5–6 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 31–32, 86–94). Petitioner emphasizes medical and 
treatment aspects in its characterization of an ordinarily skilled artisan, 
whereas Patent Owner emphasizes research aspects. 
The ’974 patent claims a method of treating a patient with cancer 
having certain characteristics, who has previously received a cancer 
treatment drug, with pembrolizumab, and determining patient outcome, and 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
9 
 
the main prior art reference cited by Petitioner discloses testing 
pembrolizumab to treat human patients. See Ex. 1001, 24:28–43, Ex. 1005.) 
Accordingly, the relevant field of Patent Owner’s claims is treating human 
patients for cancer, as well as testing existing compounds for use in 
treatment modalities. 
In light of the extent of the relevant field, we determine that the level 
of skill in the art relevant to the claims of the ’974 patent is not limited to 
knowledge of and experience with conducting research relating to oncology 
or developing and conducting clinical trials, but includes knowledge of and 
experience with treating cancer patients with immunotherapy compounds, 
identifying the conditions these patients may have, and understanding the 
literature regarding clinical trials for such colorectal cancers and the 
associated conditions and immunotherapy. 
J. Qualifications of Declarants to Testify on Understanding of POSA 
 Petitioner presents the testimony of Dr. Neugut for opinion testimony 
regarding what one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood at the 
time of filing with regard to the state of the art and the asserted prior art 
references. See Ex. 1003. Dr. Neugut testifies that he is a medical 
oncologist with a particular focus on gastrointestinal tract cancers, including 
colorectal cancers. Id. ¶ 4. Dr. Neugut testifies further that he is the 
Director of the Center for Pharmacoepidemiology and Health Outcomes 
Research in Columbia’s Department of Epidemiology and Director of 
Global Oncology Research for Columbia’s Herbert Irving Comprehensive 
Cancer Center. Id. ¶ 5. Dr. Neugut testifies that he sees approximately 30 
patients per week to treat gastrointestinal cancers, including colorectal 
cancer. Id. ¶ 4. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
10 
 
Patent Owner does not contest that Dr. Neugut is qualified to testify 
about what one of ordinary skill would have understood at the time. Based 
on Dr. Neugut’s qualifications, as summarized above, we determine that Dr. 
Neugut is qualified to testify about what one of ordinary skill would have 
understood at the time of the invention. 
Patent Owner presents the testimony of Dr. Longberg for opinion 
testimony regarding what one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood at the time of filing with regard to the state of the art and the 
asserted prior art references. See Ex. 2072. 
Dr. Longberg testifies that he is a trained medical biologist and 
biochemist and has training in drug discovery, including working on 
“antibody therapies that target and modulate immune-attenuating pathways 
to activate patient immune responses to cancer cells (so-called “checkpoint 
blockade” therapies).” Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 2–4. Dr. Longberg testifies that he has 
worked in drug discovery groups at two different drug discovery companies 
and currently is an Executive in Residence at Canaan Partners. Id. ¶ 5. 
Dr. Longberg testifies that he is an inventor on over 60 patents in the fields 
of immunology and oncology and has authored over 40 manuscripts in peer 
reviewed journals. Id. ¶ 6. 
Petitioner does not contest that Dr. Longberg is qualified to testify 
about what one of ordinary skill would have understood at the time. Based 
on Dr. Longberg’s qualifications, as summarized above, we determine that 
Dr. Longberg is qualified to testify about what one of ordinary skill would 
have understood at the time of the invention. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
11 
 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standard 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never 
shifts to the patent owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, 
Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Moreover, a petitioner should 
not “place the burden on [the Board] to sift through information presented 
by the Petitioners, determine where each element [of the challenged claims] 
is found in [the cited references], and identify any differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the teachings of [the cited references.]” Google 
Inc. v. EveryMD.com LLC, IPR2014-00347, Paper 9 at 25 (PTAB May 22, 
2014). 
Anticipation is a question of fact, as is the question of what a prior art 
reference teaches. In re NTP, Inc., 654 F.3d 1279, 1297 (Fed. Cir. 2011). 
“Because the hallmark of anticipation is prior invention, the prior art 
reference—in order to anticipate under 35 U.S.C. § 102—must not only 
disclose all elements of the claim within the four corners of the document, 
but must also disclose those elements ‘arranged as in the claim.’” Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008) 
(quoting Connell v. Sears, Roebuck & Co., 722 F.2d 1542, 1548 (Fed. Cir. 
1983)). Whether a reference anticipates a claim is assessed from the skilled 
artisan’s perspective. See Dayco Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 329 
F.3d 1358, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (“[T]he dispositive question regarding 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
12 
 
anticipation [i]s whether one skilled in the art would reasonably understand 
or infer from the [prior art reference’s] teaching that every claim element 
was disclosed in that single reference.” (quoting In re Baxter Travenol 
Labs., 952 F.2d 388, 390 (Fed. Cir. 1991))). 
The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) 
the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
The obviousness inquiry also typically requires an analysis of 
“whether there was an apparent reason to combine the known elements in 
the fashion claimed by the patent at issue.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 
550 U.S. 398, 418 (2007) (citing In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 
2006) (requiring “articulated reasoning with some rational underpinning to 
support the legal conclusion of obviousness”)). A petitioner cannot prove 
obviousness with “mere conclusory statements.” In re Magnum Oil Tools 
Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2016). Rather, a petitioner must 
articulate a sufficient reason why a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have combined the prior art references. In re NuVasive, 842 F.3d 1376, 
1382 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
B. Ground 1: Anticipation by MSI-H Study Record (Claims 1–3 and 
5–7) 
Petitioner argues that claims 1–3 and 5–7 are anticipated under 
35 U.S.C. § 102 by the MSI-H Study Record. See Pet. 15–36. 
1. MSI-H Study Record (Ex. 1005) 
The MSI-H Study Record reports a “Phase 2 Study of MK-3475 in 
Patients With Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors.” Ex. 1005, 1. The 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
13 
 
parties’ witnesses agree that MK-3475 is pembrolizumab, the compound 
recited in claim 1. See Neugut Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶ 38; see Lonberg Decl., Ex. 
2072 ¶ 68. Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s assertion that the 
MSI-H Study Record was published on a government web site on June 10, 
2013, more than two years before the priority date of the ’974 patent on July 
10, 2015. See Pet. 7 (citing Ex. 1005, 3, Ex. 1003 ¶ 36). However, Patent 
Owner disputes the MSI-H Study Record’s status as prior art. See PO Resp. 
18–24. We summarize the MSI-H Study Record, and then address its status 
as prior art. 
a) Summary of MSI-H Study Record 
The MSI-H Study Record includes a “Brief Summary,” explaining that 
[t]his study will be looking at whether MK-3475 (an 
antibody that blocks negative signals to T cells) is effective 
(anti-tumor activity) and safe in three different patient 
populations. These include: 1. patients with MSI positive colon 
cancer, 2. patients with MSI negative colon cancer, and 3. 
patients with other MSI positive cancers. 
Ex. 1005, 3. Two of the outcome measures reported in the MSI-H Study 
Record are “Immune-related progression free survival (irPFS) rate in 
patients with MSI positive non-colorectal adenocarcinoma using immune 
related response criteria (irRC) at 20 weeks” and a determination of “[d]oes 
MSI as a marker predict treatment response[?]” Id. at 4–5. The MSI-H 
Study Record provides “Arms and Interventions” as follows3 
 
3 Petitioner relies on the testimony of Dr. Neugut and several prior art 
references to assert that the terms “MSI positive,” “MSI-high,” “MSIH,” and 
“MSI+” were used to mean “MSI-H” by those in the art at the time. Pet. 6 
(citing, e.g., (Exs. 1010, 1193; 1018, 293 (“MSIH (MSI high) was 
considered MSI positive and MSS (MS stable)”; Ex. 1003 ¶ 27). Patent 
Owner does not contest the identifications. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
14 
 
 
Ex. 1005, 4. The chart above identifies three patient populations, including 
“MSI Positive Colorectal Cancer,” “MSI Negative Colorectal Cancer,” and 
“MSI Positive Non-Colorectal Cancer,” and the same therapeutic 
intervention for each of the populations: “MK-3475 10 mg/kg every 14 
days.” Id. 
b) Prior Art Status of MSI-H Study Record 
Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H Study Record discloses an 
experimental use that does not qualify as prior art. PO Resp. 18–24. Patent 
Owner argues that an inventor can be granted latitude to experiment in the 
public eye until her invention is ready for patenting. Id. at 18 (citing Pfaff v. 
Wells Elecs., Inc., 525 U.S. 55, 64 (1998). According to Patent Owner, the 
experimental use negation applies to the MSI-H Study Record under a 
13-factor analysis provided in Allen Eng’g Corp. v. Bartell Indus., Inc., 299 
F.3d 1336, 1353 (Fed. Cir. 2002). PO Resp. 19–24. For example, Patent 
Owner argues that to establish that treatment of MSI-H cancers was 
effective, the inventors had to test treatment in humans, there being no 
animal models, and had to publish the MSI-H Study Record on the 
government website under federal law. PO Resp. 21–22. Patent Owner 
argues further that the inventors had control over the MSI-H clinical study 
and that the field of cancer treatment was highly unpredictable, among other 
facts. Id. at 21. Patent Owner argues that “[a]t the time of the MSR’s 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
15 
 
posting, the claimed invention was not, nor could it have been, ready for 
patenting. The clinical study that ultimately collected the data reported in 
the patent specification and supporting the patent claims had not and could 
not have commenced before the MSR was posted.” PO Resp. 22. 
In City of Elizabeth, the Supreme Court was concerned that “[i]t is 
sometimes said that an inventor acquires an undue advantage over the public 
by delaying to take out a patent, inasmuch as he thereby preserves the 
monopoly to himself for a longer period than is allowed by the policy of the 
law,” but held that “when the delay is occasioned by a bona fide effort to 
bring his invention to perfection, or to ascertain whether it will answer the 
purpose intended,” the experiment use exception can preserve the inventor’s 
rights. City of Elizabeth v. Am. Nicholson Pavement Co., 97 U.S. 126, 137 
(1877). 
With regard to whether Patent Owner could have filed an earlier 
patent application for the claimed subject matter, Patent Owner asserts that if 
its inventors had filed a “data-less provisional application mirroring the 
MSR” before the MSI-H clinical study was published, it would have been 
unable to satisfy the requirements of §101 and §112, creating a “catch-22 
scenario” wherein Patent Owner would not have been able to secure patent 
protection. PO Resp. 15–16. Patent Owner cites Barry v. Medtronic, Inc., 
914 F.3d 1310, 1322 (Fed. Cir. 2019), Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 
598 F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2010), and In re Fisher, 421 F.3d 1365, 1371 
(Fed. Cir. 2005), in support, asserting that these cases hold that a 
specification cannot provide merely prophetic examples, that it must 
demonstrate possession by the inventors, and that it must convey that the 
claimed invention benefits the public. PO Resp. 15–16. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
16 
 
Petitioner disagrees, arguing that “[i]t is well established . . . that there 
is no requirement to provide evidence from human clinical trials for claims 
to be patentable under §101 or §112.” Pet. Reply 9–10 (citing In re ’318 
Patent Infringement Litig., 583 F.3d 1317, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (“human 
trials are not required for a therapeutic invention to be patentable”); Ex parte 
Balzarini, 1991 WL 332576 (BPAI 1991) (holding that even in situations 
where no art-recognized animal models exist, there is no decisional law that 
requires an applicant to provide data from human clinical trials)). Petitioner 
argues that “[a]nticipation does not require the actual creation or reduction to 
practice of the prior art subject matter; anticipation requires only an enabling 
disclosure.” Pet. 16 (citing Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharms., 339 F.3d 
1373, 1377 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (citations omitted)). According to Petitioner, 
actual administration of pembrolizumab to patients before the critical date of 
the ’974 patent is irrelevant. Id. at 16–18. 
Patent Owner does not direct us to evidence that it attempted to file 
any patent application before the publication date of the MSI-H clinical 
study and was denied an earlier filing date. Contrary to Patent Owner’s 
argument that it could not file a patent application without results from the 
MSI-H clinical study, we note that the inventors filed a provisional patent 
application on November 13, 2014, which, although also filed more than a 
year after the publication of the MSI-H clinical study, disclosed no clinical 
results or data. Ex. 1001, cover; Ex. 1030, 1. After considering the parties’ 
arguments, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s assertion that the 
inventors could not have filed an earlier application to at least attempt to 
secure a priority date before the MSI-H clinical study was publicly available. 
We are not persuaded that the law prevented Patent Owner from obtaining 
an earlier filing date. Instead, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s argument 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
17 
 
that because the MSI-H clinical study was published before the inventors 
filed an application to protect their patent rights the MSI-H clinical study is 
prior art for the information it discloses. 
2. Claim 1 
a) [1.pre]: “A method for treating cancer in a patient in need 
thereof,” 
Petitioner alleges that the Arms and Interventions section of the 
MSI-H Study Record discloses a method for treating cancer. Pet 19 (citing 
Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions); see also id. at 2 (Study Identification), 
3 (Study Description), 4–5 (Outcome Measures), 5–6 (Eligibility) Ex. 1003 
¶ 59). 
Patent Owner does not raise any arguments regarding this limitation. 
We need not address whether the preamble is limiting as we agree that, to 
the extent it is limiting, the MSI-H Study Record discloses a cancer 
treatment method. See Ex. 1005, 3 (describing a study of administering 
antibody to three different cancer patient populations). 
b) [1.1]: “wherein a tumor sample obtained from the patient has 
been determined to exhibit an instability of one or more 
microsatellite markers or a deficiency of one or more 
mismatch repair markers,” 
Petitioner alleges that the MSI-H Study Record discloses the above 
limitation because each study participant has had their cancer biopsied, and 
two of the study arms have patients with MSI-H cancers, which Petitioner 
alleges are cancers that “exhibit[] an instability of more than one 
microsatellite marker and a deficiency of one or more mismatch repair 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
18 
 
markers.” Pet. 19–20 (citing Ex. 1005, 2–4). Petitioner cites to Chapelle4 as 
evidence that a portion of colorectal cancer tumors include instability of 
more than one microsatellite marker and a deficiency of one or more 
mismatch repair markers. Pet. 20 (citing Ex. 1007, 3382–83). Petitioner 
also offers the testimony of Dr. Neugut in support. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 60–66). Dr. Neugut opines that two of the MSI-H Study Record selected 
patient populations (study arms) having MSI-H cancers (tumors), which 
“exhibit an instability of more than one microsatellite marker and a 
deficiency of one or more mismatch repair markers.” Id. ¶ 61. 
Dr. Neugut testifies that a POSA would have understood that taking a 
biopsy of the patient tumor to determine if the patient qualified for the study 
would have tested for MSI-H status because “determining that the patient 
has a tumor that exhibits a high microsatellite instability (MSI-high) or a 
mismatch repair (MMR) deficiency status in order to place the patients into 
the proper arm.” Id. ¶¶ 62–63. Dr. Neugut testifies that the POSA would 
generally have understood “MSI positive” patents to refer to “MSI-H” 
patients and that “the MSI-H Study Record’s discussion of treating patients 
with ‘MSI positive’ cancer to also include treating patients with a mismatch 
repair deficiency (‘dMMR’)” because the population of defective mismatch 
repair status is the same as the high instability population. Id. ¶¶ 64–65. 
Patent Owner does not raise any arguments regarding this limitation. 
See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the 
art at the time would have understood the MSI-H Study Record to teach 
“wherein a tumor sample obtained from the patient has been determined to 
 
4 Chapelle, A. and Heather Hampel, Clinical Relevance of Microsatellite 
Instability in Colorectal Cancer. 28(20): J. CLIN ONC. 3380–87 (July 10, 
2010). Ex. 1007. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
19 
 
exhibit an instability of one or more microsatellite markers or a deficiency 
of one or more mismatch repair markers,” as required in claim 1. 
c) [1.2]: “the patient having received a prior cancer therapy 
drug to treat the tumor, the method comprising:” 
Petitioner, through the testimony of Dr. Neugut, alleges that the 
MSI-H Study Record anticipates this limitation. See Pet. 23–26. Per the 
MSI-H Study Record, patients participating in the study must have “tumors” 
and “measurable disease,” which Dr. Neugut testifies would include 
metastatic and advanced colorectal cancers in the context of the MSI-H 
Study Record. See Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1005, 2–6 (Study Identification, Study 
Design, Eligibility); Ex. 1020, 25; Ex. 1003 ¶ 68). Dr. Neugut testifies that 
advanced cancer would be metastatic cancer or cancer that is so locally 
advanced it is unresectable for purposes of a cure. See id. 23–24 (citing Ex. 
1048, 230; Ex. 1047, 4–7; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 67–72; Ex. 1020, 7 (“If a patient had 
colorectal cancer that is curable by resection, then a practitioner would 
excise the tumor because surgery ‘is the only way to achieve a cure.’”)). 
According to Dr. Neugut, it would be highly unusual if the MSI-H Study 
Record did not indicate inclusion of patients with metastatic and advanced 
cancer because the study was not directed to local treatments, such as 
radiation or surgery. See Ex. 1003 ¶ 68. 
Dr. Neugut further testifies that patients with metastatic and advanced 
cancer whose cancer is too advanced for resection “would have generally 
received at least two other prior drug therapies, such as standard of care 
chemotherapy, and had their cancers progress after those drug therapies.” 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 69 (citing Ex. 1020, 25; Ex. 1009, 1034; Ex. 1047, 4–7.) 
Dr. Neugut observes that the Eligibility section of the MSI-H Study Record 
takes care to exclude patients having had prior treatment with certain 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
20 
 
antibodies, which the ordinarily skilled artisan would have understood could 
have been administered as cancer drugs. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 70, 78 (excluding anti 
PD-1, anti-PD-L1, anti-PD-L2, anti-CD137, anti-OX-40, anti-CD40, or anti 
CTLA-4 antibodies). Dr. Neugut interprets this exclusion as supporting his 
opinion that such patients would have received a prior cancer therapy drug 
to treat their tumor because otherwise, the study would not have 
purposefully excluded these antibodies, and because if the prior therapies 
had worked, these patients would not have participated in the MSI-H Study 
Record. Id. Dr. Neugut cites to a poster presentation describing the 
MSI-H Study Record as requiring that patients have “progressive disease” 
and have had prior therapies. Id. ¶ 72. Based on Dr. Neugut’s testimony, 
Petitioner concludes that the ordinary artisan would have reasonably 
understood that the MSI-H Study Record anticipates this limitation. Pet. 25 
(citing, e.g., Genentech, Inc. v. Hospira, Inc., 946 F.3d 1333, 1340 (Fed. 
Cir. 2020). 
Dr. Oberstein testifies that he agrees with Dr. Neugut. Ex. 1150 
¶¶ 64–67. Dr. Oberstein testifies that because the eligibility criteria stated in 
the MSI-H Study Record requires patients to have “measurable disease,” one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have expected a patient to have undergone 
prior cancer therapies and would have had their cancer progress after those 
therapies prior to enrollment. Id. ¶ 64. Dr. Oberstein testifies that it is 
reasonable to assume that patients would typically have received the two 
standard chemotherapy regimens before trying a novel therapeutic agent. Id. 
¶ 65. 
Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H Study Record cannot anticipate 
this limitation because it is “silent on whether eligible patients must have 
had a prior treatment and have progressed after receiving that prior 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
21 
 
treatment.” PO Resp. 6 (citing Ex. 1005, 5–6) (emphasis original). Patent 
Owner asserts that Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Neugut agreed with this 
statement. Id. (citing Ex. 2163, 99:13–21). 
Patent Owner criticizes case law cited by Petitioner for the proposition 
that inherent anticipation can be found where one of ordinary skill in the art 
could reasonably infer claim limitations from a single prior art reference. Id. 
at 7–8 (citing, e.g., Pet. 25 (citing cases)). Patent Owner asserts that 
Petitioner’s cited cases apply only where “the express disclosure establishes 
that a POSA would understand the limitation was necessarily present” and 
not merely generally present, as Petitioner argues. PO Resp. 8–9 (emphasis 
original). Patent Owner cites Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad 
Ocean Motor Co., 851 F.3d 1270, 1274–75 (Fed. Cir. 2017) and VirnetX 
Inc. v. Apple Inc., 2023 WL 6933812, at *4 (Fed. Cir. Oct. 20, 2023) in 
support of its argument against inherency of limitation [1.2], asserting that 
missing limitations cannot be added despite being immediately envisioned. 
Id. at 6–7. Rather, Patent Owner argues, the express disclosure of the 
MSI-H Study Record does not establish that an ordinarily skilled artisan 
would understand the limitation was necessarily present, and thus 
Petitioner’s cited cases do not apply. PO Resp. 8. 
Patent Owner cites Dr. Lonberg’s testimony that the MSI-H Study 
Record refers only to prior treatment by stating the “exclusion of individuals 
who had received certain prior treatments” and disagrees with Dr. Neugut’s 
interpretation of the term “measurable disease” in the MSI-H Study Record. 
PO Resp. 9 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 96 (“While measurable cancer refers to a 
cancer that has a minimum size (e.g., as determined by imaging), this has 
little to do with whether or not a patient’s cancer has progressed after the 
patient received prior therapies.”). But Dr. Lonberg fails to testify that one 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
22 
 
of ordinary skill in the art would not have understood the MSI-H Study 
Record in 2013 to teach treating patients who had received prior/different 
cancer therapies, wherein the patients’ cancer had progressed after the 
patients received the prior/different cancer therapies. 
On balance, we find Petitioner’s evidence more persuasive of what 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from the MSI-H Study 
Record. We find Dr. Neugut’s and Dr. Oberstein’s testimony, and 
Dr. Lonberg’s lack of clear testimony to the contrary, persuasive as to this 
issue. In addition, we are not persuaded by the case law cited by Patent 
Owner regarding inherent anticipation. See PO Resp. 6–7. Rather, we agree 
with Petitioner that the correct inquiry is whether the skilled artisan would 
have understood that all limitations are disclosed in the prior art. See Pet. 
34–35; Pet. Reply 12–13. 
In light of the cited testimony, we are persuaded that Petitioner has 
met its burden of proving that a skilled artisan would reasonably have 
understood or inferred that the limitation for a patient having received a 
prior cancer therapy drug to treat the tumor was disclosed in the MSI-Study 
Record. Petitioner demonstrates what one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood from the MSI-H Study Record, not what it inherently 
discloses. Contra PO Resp. 6–9. 
d) [1.3]: “administering an effective amount of pembrolizumab to 
the patient;” 
For this limitation, Petitioner cites the “Arms and Interventions” 
section of the MSI-H Study Record, which teaches treating patients having 
MSI-H colorectal cancer and also patients having MSI-H non-colorectal 
cancer with 10 mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days. Pet. 26 (citing Ex. 
1005, 4.) Petitioner cites Dr. Neugut’s testimony that this teaching reads on 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
23 
 
the claim limitation “administering an effective amount of pembrolizumab to 
the patient,” in claim 1, because the dose taught in the MSI-H Study Record 
is identical to the dose described as being effective in the ’974 patent. Pet. 
27 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 40–41, 73–77); see Ex. 1001, 4:19–32; 16:3–8, 
16:61–17:3, 20:20–21, Figures 2, 11. 
Patent Owner does not raise any arguments regarding this limitation. 
See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the 
art at the time would have understood the MSI-H Study Record to teach 
“administering an effective amount of pembrolizumab to the patient,” as 
required in claim 1. 
e) [1.4]: “wherein the patient exhibits an outcome that is 
improved as compared to a corresponding outcome that would 
be observed in a reference patient that has been administered 
pembrolizumab, wherein the reference patient has a tumor that 
does not exhibit an instability of the one or more microsatellite 
markers or a deficiency of the one or more mismatch repair 
markers.” 
Petitioner argues that the final limitation of claim 1 is an inherent 
result of the method of treatment reported in the MSI-H Study Record. Pet. 
28–29 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 73–80). Petitioner argues that the MSI-H Study 
Record teaches actively measuring specific outcomes in patients having 
MSI-H cancer and in patients having cancer that is not MSI-H. Id. at 29 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 79). In support, Dr. Neugut testifies that the examples, 
tables, and figures of the ’974 patent discuss the design and results of the 
MSI-H Study, as explained in the affidavit by the inventors on February 4, 
2022. See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 38–41, 74–76, (citing Ex. 1001, 3:16–18, 
6:48–22:15, Figures 1–13; Ex. 1005; Ex. 1002, 295–296 (February 4, 2022, 
Affidavit ¶¶ 22–23)). 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
24 
 
Dr. Neugut further cites to an affidavit executed by Andrew Pardoll, 
M.D., an inventor named on the ’974 patent, citing to Exhibit D, which we 
understand to be the MSI-H Study Record. Ex. 1003 ¶ 40 (citing Ex. 1002, 
335–343, Affidavit ¶ 22, June 8, 2020, Affidavit¶¶ 27–28.) The testimony 
in that Affidavit supports Dr. Neugut’s testimony and explains that 
22. Our research group eventually approached Merck. Merck 
agreed in early 2013 to supply its then-unapproved anti-PD-1 
antibody, MK-3475 (pembrolizumab) for use in the study. 
It was, however, the research team at Hopkins who secured IRB 
approval, conducted, and paid for the study. On June 12, 2013, 
the solicitation for patients was first posted on clinicaltrials.gov 
(Exhibit D). In my mind, the four arms allowed us to try to get 
at an answer to a question to which we did not know the 
answer-specifically whether or not patients with MSI-high or 
MMR deficient tumors would exhibit an improved response 
when treated with MK-3475, compared with the more common 
MSS [microsatellite stable] or MMR proficient colon cancers. 
Thus, the trial covered all patients with colon cancer, MSI and 
MSS, but separated into two groups. 
 
23. The preliminary results of this study demonstrated clinical 
responses at an unexpectedly high rate (>50% objective 
response rate) in the MSI-high (MMR deficient) arm but not in 
the MSS (MMR proficient) arm. 
(Ex. 1002, 270–271.) This affidavit, submitted during prosecution of the 
’974 patent, supports the argument that an improved outcome of treating a 
patient with a tumor exhibiting an MSI-high or a MMR deficiency status 
with pembrolizumab compared to similarly treating a patient without an 
MSI-high or a MMR deficiency status, a recited in claim 1, is an inherent 
result. Compare id. with Ex. 1001, 6:48–52 (“The data from the small phase 
2 trial of pembrolizumab to treat tumors with and without deficiency of 
MMR supports the hypothesis that MMR-deficient tumors are more 
responsive to PD-1 blockade than are MMR-proficient tumors.”) 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
25 
 
Petitioner argues that “[a]nticipation does not require the actual 
creation or reduction to practice of the prior art subject matter; anticipation 
requires only an enabling disclosure. Thus, actual administration of 
[pembrolizumab] to patients before the critical date of the [’974 patent] is 
irrelevant.” Pet. 29 (citing Schering, 339 F.3d at 1380). 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not disclose outcomes of the 
study and, therefore, does not teach that a patient administered 
pembrolizumab and having a tumor with MSI-H or dMMR status would 
exhibit an improved outcome compared to a reference patient administered 
pembrolizumab and not having a tumor with MSI-H or dMMR, as required 
in claim 1. PO Resp. 10–15. Patent Owner argues that In re Montgomery, 
677 F.3d 1375, 1381, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2012), cited by Petitioner, fails to 
support the assertion of inherent anticipation of the claimed method. PO 
Resp. 11–15; Pet. 17 (“In In re Montgomery, the Federal Circuit held that a 
document disclosing a planned clinical study inherently anticipated method 
of treatment claims even where the method of treatment had not yet been 
practiced.”). Patent Owner attempts to distinguish the facts of Montgomery 
from the facts at issue here by arguing that, in Montgomery, the disclosure of 
the prior art was identical to the patent itself, whereas here the MSI-H Study 
Record does not disclose treating a cancer patient with pembrolizumab when 
“the patient has received a prior cancer therapy drug” or that the cancer 
“progressed following a [cancer therapy/prior treatment].” PO Resp. 11–15; 
PO Sur-Reply 1–6. We are unpersuaded. Rather, we are persuaded by the 
statements in contemporaneous references citing the MSI-H Study Record 
that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood the study to 
involve patients with unresectable or metastatic MSI-H cancer. Ex. 1049, 
444; Ex. 1050 S4. Accordingly, we are not persuaded that the facts here 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
26 
 
differ from those in Montgomery as much as Patent Owner argues, wherein 
both prior art references teach the steps recited in the challenged claims. See 
Montgomery, 677 F.3d at 1380 (“We see no error in the Board’s uncontested 
conclusion that HOPE discloses the administration of ramipril to patients 
diagnosed as in need of stroke treatment or prevention.”). 
Patent Owner also argues that the MSI-H Study Record does not 
expressly disclose any results that would have led to the ordinarily skilled 
artisan understanding whether the amount of perbrolizumab used would be 
effective or any potential outcome from its use. Id. at 10–11. Patent Owner 
further argues that MSI-H Study Record does not inherently disclose the 
claimed results. Id. at 11–15. Patent Owner argues further that because the 
MSI-H clinical study “did not disclose the claimed but unperformed 
method” and is only an initial submission for an experimental trial that had 
not yet begun recruiting patients or obtaining experimental data, it was 
merely an “invitation to investigate” from which the results recited in claim 
1 would not “inevitably flow.” PO Resp. 11–12; PO Sur-Reply 2–3. Patent 
Owner argues that the inventors knew that other checkpoint inhibitor drugs 
used to treat colorectal cancer patients were “resoundingly unsuccessful,” 
and that treatment of other types of cancer “beyond the initial success in 
melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer had failed.” PO Resp. 12 (citing 
Ex. 2090 ¶ 57). According to Patent Owner, “the MSR was a far cry from 
meeting Montgomery’s inevitability requirement for inherent anticipation” 
and that, in contrast to Montgomery, the MSI-H Study Record only describes 
a study to test the hypothesis that MSI-H might correlate with a response to 
treatment with pembrolizumab, rather than to secure regulatory approval. 
PO Resp. 11–16; Ex. 2072 ¶ 109; Ex. 2130 ¶¶ 10–13. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
27 
 
We do not doubt that the inventors were unaware of the results of the 
study described in the MSI-H Study Record before it was concluded. But 
knowledge of the results is not a component of the analysis of anticipation, 
the challenges at issue here. See Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue 
Labs, Inc., 246 F.3d 1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (“the claimed process here 
is not directed to a new use; it is the same use, and it consists of the same 
steps as described by [the prior art]. Newly discovered results of known 
processes directed to the same purpose are not patentable because such 
results are inherent.”) After analysis of the full record, we are persuaded 
that the results recited in claim 1 would follow from the steps taught in the 
MSI-H Study Record, for the reasons and based on the evidence Petitioner 
cites above. For these same reasons, we are unpersuaded by Patent Owner’s 
argument that it was unknown whether the amount of pembrolizumab 
recited in claim 1 would be effective in producing an improved outcome 
compared to a reference patient with a tumor that “does not exhibit an 
instability of the one or more microsatellite markers or a deficiency of the 
one or more mismatch repair markers,” and Patent Owner does not dispute 
that the amount of pembrolizumab disclosed in the MSI-H Study Record (10 
mg/kg every 14 days; see Ex. 1005, 4) is the same as the amount provided in 
the ’974 patent as being effective (10 mg/kg every 14 days; Ex. 1001, 
8:48–52, 13:50–52). Regardless of the inventors’ intent in publishing the 
MSI-H Study Record as a Stage II clinical trial on the www.clinicaltrials.gov 
website, as discussed above, we determine that the MSI-H Study Record 
teaches selecting a patient with a metastatic MSI-H or dMMR tumor and 
administering an amount of pembrolizumab that would be effective. See, 
e.g., Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions). The result of drug treatment 
inherently follows its administration. The MSI-H Study Record does not 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
28 
 
merely suggest that pembrolizumab may be useful in some unidentified 
subset of patients or suggest that some unidentified drug may be useful for 
MSI-H cancer patients. Instead, the MSI-H Study Record discloses selecting 
a patient with a condition recited in claim 1 and treating with an effective 
amount of pembrolizumab as recited in claim 1. Contra Metabolite Labs. 
Inc. v. Lab. Corp. of Am. Holdings, 370 F.3d 1354, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2004) 
(holding that the prior art did not inherently anticipate where it failed to 
mention specific vitamin deficiencies, instead merely inviting further 
experimentation to find associations with metabolic perturbations). 
Montgomery states that “even if the claim includes an efficacy requirement, 
efficacy is inherent in carrying out the claim steps,” referring to a claimed 
method of treating or preventing stroke, which was held to be anticipated by 
the publication of a proposed study. 677 F.3d at 1381. 
Patent Owner attempts to distinguish the size and apparent surety of 
the study in Montgomery from the MSR. PO Resp. 15. But because we find 
that the MSI-H Study Record teaches performing the steps recited in claim 1 
for the purpose of determining and treating MSI-H cancer, we are persuaded 
that the MSI-H Study Record inherently discloses the results of selection of 
patients and administration of the drug treatment recited in those steps. See 
Bristol-Myers, 246 F.3d at 1376. Whether or not the MSI-H Study Record 
could have provided results or was sufficient for full regulatory approval 
does not change that the MSI-H Study Record teaches Patent Owner’s 
claimed steps. We have no reason to doubt that the disclosure in the MSI-H 
Study Record of the steps recited in claim 1 produces the efficacy element 
required in claim 1, whether or not this efficacy was disclosed in the MSI-H 
Study Record or was known when it was published. See Mehl/Biophile 
Intern. Corp. v. Milgraum, 192 F.3d 1362, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 1999)(“Where, as 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
29 
 
here, the result is a necessary consequence of what was deliberately 
intended, it is of no import that the article’s authors did not appreciate the 
results.”). 
Patent Owner argues that Merck’s interpretation of inherency law 
cannot be correct because it would effectively preclude the patenting of 
unexpectedly effective methods of treating human patients. PO Resp. 
15– 16; PO Sur-Reply 5–6. Patent Owner asserts that if its inventors had 
filed a “data-less provisional application mirroring the MSR” before the 
MSI-H Study Record was published, it would have been unable to satisfy the 
requirements of §101 and §112, creating a “catch-22 scenario” wherein 
Patent Owner would not have been able to secure patent protection. PO 
Resp. 16. Patent Owner cites Barry v. Medtronic, Inc., 914 F.3d 1310, 1322 
(Fed. Cir. 2019), Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1351 
(Fed. Cir. 2010), and In re Fisher, 421 F.3d 1365, 1371 (Fed. Cir. 2005), in 
support, asserting that these cases hold that a specification cannot provide 
merely prophetic examples, that it must demonstrate possession by the 
inventors, and that it must convey that the claimed invention benefits the 
public. Id. at 15–16. Petitioner disagrees, arguing that “[i]t is well 
established . . . that there is no requirement to provide evidence from human 
clinical trials for claims to be patentable under §101 or §112.” Pet. Reply 9–
10 (citing In re ’318 Patent Infringement Litig., 583 F.3d 1317, 1324 (Fed. 
Cir. 2009) (“human trials are not required for a therapeutic invention to be 
patentable”); Ex parte Balzarini, 1991 WL 332576 (BPAI 1991) (holding 
that even in situations where no art-recognized animal models exist, there is 
no decisional law that requires an applicant to provide data from human 
clinical trials)). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
30 
 
Petitioner responds that “[a]nticipation does not require the actual 
creation or reduction to practice of the prior art subject matter; anticipation 
requires only an enabling disclosure.” Pet. 16 (citing Schering, 339 F.3d at 
1380). According to Petitioner, actual administration of pembrolizumab to 
patients before the critical date of the ’974 patent is irrelevant. Id. Patent 
Owner does not direct us to evidence that it attempted to file any patent 
application before the publication date of the MSI-H Study Record and was 
denied an earlier filing date. Contrary to Patent Owner’s argument that it 
could not file a patent application without results from the MSI-H Study 
Record, we note that the inventors filed a provisional patent application on 
November 13, 2014, which, although also filed more than a year after the 
publication of the MSR, disclosed no clinical results or data. Ex. 1001, 
cover; Ex. 1030, 1. After considering the parties’ arguments, we are not 
persuaded by Patent Owner’s assertion that the inventors could not have 
filed an earlier application to at least attempt to secure a priority date before 
the MSR was publicly available. We are not persuaded that the law 
prevented Patent Owner from obtaining an earlier filing date. Instead, we 
are persuaded by Petitioner’s argument that because the MSI-H Study 
Record was published before the inventors filed an application to protect 
their patent rights, the MSI-H Study Record is prior art for the information it 
discloses, including the steps recited in claim 1 and any results that would 
inherently result from these steps. 
Patent Owner argues further that the MSI-H Study Record discloses 
an experimental use that does not qualify as prior art. PO Resp. 18–24. 
Patent Owner argues that an inventor can be granted latitude to experiment 
in the public eye until her invention is ready for patenting. Id. at 18 (citing 
Pfaff v. Wells Elecs., Inc., 525 U.S. 55, 64 (1998). According to Patent 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
31 
 
Owner, the experimental use negation applies to the MSI-H Study Record 
under a 13-factor analysis provided in Allen Eng’g Corp., 299 F.3d at 1353. 
PO Resp. 19–24. For example, Patent Owner argues that to establish that 
treatment of MSI-H cancers was effective, the inventors had to test treatment 
in humans, there being no animal models, and had to publish the MSI-H 
Study Record on the government website under federal law. PO Resp. 19–
21. Patent Owner argues further that the inventors had control over the 
MSI-H clinical study and that the field of cancer treatment was highly 
unpredictable, among other facts. Id. at 21. Patent Owner argues that “[a]t 
the time of the MSR’s posting, the claimed invention was not, nor could it 
have been, ready for patenting. The clinical study that ultimately collected 
the data reported in the patent specification and supporting the patent claims 
had not and could not have commenced before the MSR was posted.” Id. at 
22. 
In City of Elizabeth, the Supreme Court was concerned that “[i]t is 
sometimes said that an inventor acquires an undue advantage over the public 
by delaying to take out a patent, inasmuch as he thereby preserves the 
monopoly to himself for a longer period than is allowed by the policy of the 
law,” but held that “when the delay is occasioned by a bona fide effort to 
bring his invention to perfection, or to ascertain whether it will answer the 
purpose intended,” the experiment use exception can preserve the inventor’s 
rights. City of Elizabeth v. Am. Nicholson Pavement Co., 97 U.S. 126, 137 
(1877). 
Because we are not persuaded that Patent Owner could not have filed 
an earlier application, we are not persuaded that the experimental use 
doctrine is properly applied in this case. Given that clinical trial protocols 
published on the ClinicalTrials.gov website have been successfully asserted 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
32 
 
as prior art in other cases, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s 
arguments that the MSI-H clinical study is not available as prior art against 
the challenged claims. See, e.g., Salix Pharms., Ltd. v. Norwich Pharms. 
Inc., 98 F.4th 1056, 1061 (Fed. Cir.), cert. denied, 145 S. Ct. 567 (2024), and 
cert. denied, 145 S. Ct. 983 (2024). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and evidence, we are 
persuaded that the MSR teaches the efficacy requirement of claim 1, 
wherein a patient with an unresectable or metastatic MSI-H tumor and 
administered an effective amount of pembrolizumab would have an 
improved outcome over a reference patient that had been also administered 
pembrolizumab, but whose tumor does not exhibit an MSI-H status. 
In summary, the preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s 
argument that the MSI-H Study Record teaches each and every element of 
claim 1. We are not persuaded otherwise by Patent Owner’s arguments. 
Accordingly, we determine that claim 1 is anticipated by the MSI-H Study 
Record. 
3. Dependent Claim 2 
Claim 2 further recites “wherein the cancer in the patient has 
progressed after the patient received the prior cancer therapy drug.” 
Ex. 1001, 24:44–47. 
Petitioner argues that this limitation “is addressed in, and disclosed for 
the reasons provided in the discussion of, limitation [1.2], “the patient 
having received a prior cancer therapy drug to treat the tumor.” Pet 29–30 
(citing Pet. 23–26, Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 81–82). 
Patent Owner’s arguments against this limitation, with one exception, 
were directed together with its arguments against limitation [1.2]. See PO 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
33 
 
Resp. 6–16. As we addressed those arguments above with respect to 
limitation [1.2], we focus here on the argument unique to dependent claim 2. 
Patent Owner’s arguments regarding limitation [1.2] were equally 
made against the limitation “wherein the cancer in the patient has progressed 
after the patient received the prior cancer therapy drug.” See PO Resp. 6–
16 (arguing, e.g., that the MSI-H Study Record “is silent on whether eligible 
patients must have had a prior treatment and have progressed after receiving 
that prior treatment”). We find these arguments equally unpersuasive for the 
same reasons addressed above. Namely, we are persuaded that Petitioner 
has established by a preponderance of the evidence that patients having 
metastatic and advanced colorectal cancer who chose to participate in a 
clinical study such as the MSI-H Study, “would have generally received at 
least two other prior drug therapies, such as standard of care chemotherapy, 
and had their cancers progress after those drug therapies.” See Pet. 24 
(citing Ex. 1020, PDF p. 25; Ex. 1009, 1034; Ex. 1047, 4–7; Ex. 1003¶ 69). 
4. Dependent Claim 3 
Claim 3 further limits the outcome exhibited by the patients selected 
and administered pembrolizumab, as recited in claim 1. Ex. 1001, 24:48–51. 
Specifically, claim 3 recites “[t]he method of claim 1, wherein the outcome 
that is improved is an improved objective response rate (ORR), an improved 
progression-free survival (PFS), or an improved overall survival (OS).” Id. 
Petitioner argues that the MSI-H Study Record discloses measuring 
objective “response rate, progression-free survival, and overall survival,” 
which outcomes are “inherent to the methods of the MSI-H Study Record.” 
Id. (citing MSI-H Study Record Ex. 1005, 4–5 (Outcome Measures), 
discussion regarding claim 1 (see Pet. 26–28 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 77–80)). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
34 
 
As discussed above, we are persuaded by Petitioner that the steps 
recited in claim 1 are taught by the MSI-H Study Record and the efficacy of 
those steps would be inherent to them. See Montgomery, 677 F.3d at 1385; 
Schering Corp., 339 F.3d at 1377. 
Patent Owner does not present separate arguments against Petitioner’s 
challenge to claim 3. See, e.g., PO Resp. 6–16. For the reasons discussed 
above regarding claim 1, we are persuaded that claim 3 is anticipated by the 
MSI-H Study Record. 
5. Dependent claims 5 and 6 
Claim 5 further recites “wherein the cancer is a metastatic cancer.” 
Id. at 24:59–60. Claim 6 further recites “wherein the cancer is a metastatic 
colorectal cancer.” Id. at 24:61–62. 
Petitioner asserts that its arguments related to limitation [1.2] above 
(“the patient having received a prior cancer therapy drug to treat the tumor”) 
apply equally to establish that patients in the MSI-H Study Record would 
have had metastatic cancer. Pet. 31 (citing arguments related to limitation 
[1.2]). Petitioner further cites prior art regarding the MSI-H Study Record 
as indicative that “the physicians understood postings on clinicaltrials.gov 
indicated that patients had “metastatic tumors.” Id. (citing Ex. 1049, 444; 
Ex. 1050, S4; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 86–90). 
Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H Study Record does not disclose 
treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer and that the disclosure of 
“measurable disease” is not a teaching of metastatic colorectal cancer 
because “measurable disease” is not synonymous with metastatic cancer. 
PO Resp. 17–18. In support, Patent Owner cites to Dr. Neugut’s testimony 
that “metastatic” and “measurable” are “totally different terms,” wherein 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
35 
 
metastatic tumors are not necessarily measurable. PO Resp. 17–18. (citing 
Ex. 2163:14:9–15:12).) 
Even if Dr. Neugut’s reasoning that the reference to “measurable” 
disease in the MSI-H Study Record would have indicated patients having 
metastatic cancer is flawed, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence of 
publications referring to the MSI-H Study Record as a study of metastatic 
colorectal cancer that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
the MSI-H Study Record to disclose treating patients with metastatic 
colorectal cancer. See Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050, S4. Patent Owner does not 
address this evidence. 
As discussed above, we agree with Petitioner that the references to the 
study described in the MSI-H Study Record indicate one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have understood the MSI-H Study Record to include patients 
with metastatic tumors. Accordingly, we agree with Petitioner that the 
methods of claims 5 and 6 are anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
6. Dependent Claim 7 
Claim 7 recites “The method of claim 1, wherein pembrolizumab is 
administered by intravenous infusion.” Ex. 1001, 24:63–64. 
Petitioner argues that the prior art, including the pembrolizumab 
package insert, demonstrates that pembrolizumab was administered 
intravenously for the treatment of cancer. See Pet. 31–32 (citing Ex. 1055, 1 
(“Administer 2 mg/kg as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every 3 
weeks.”); Ex. 1011, 134 (“We administered [pembrolizumab] 
intravenously.”), Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 89–90. We agree. 
Patent Owner does not present separate arguments against Petitioner’s 
challenge to claim 7. See, e.g., PO Resp. 6–16. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
36 
 
For the reasons discussed above, we are persuaded that claim 7 is 
anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
7. Conclusion 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the MSI-H Study Record teaches each and every element of claims 1–3 
and 5–7. Accordingly, we determine that claims 1–3 and 5–7 are anticipated 
by the MSI-H Study Record. 
C. Grounds 2 and 4 – Obviousness of Claims 1–3 and 5–7 
1. Summary of Additional Asserted Prior Art 
a) Summary of Pernot (Ex. 1006) 
Pernot is an article titled “Colorectal Cancer and Immunity: What We 
Know and Perspectives.” Ex. 1006, 3739. Pernot discloses that 
“Comprehension of antitumor immune response and combination of the 
different approaches of immunotherapy may allow the use of effective 
immunotherapy for treatment of colorectal cancer in the near future.” Id. at 
3738. More specifically, Pernot discloses that “[m]icrosatellite instability 
(MSI) is associated with CRC in patients with Lynch syndrome.” Ex. 1006, 
3740. Pernot states that “CRC associated with MSI could lead to a more 
intense immune response, but also to specific immunoregulatory 
phenomena, making them good candidates for immunotherapy.” Id. at 3741. 
b) Summary of Benson (Ex. 1009) 
Benson is an article titled “Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology.” Ex. 1009, 1028. Benson discloses 
guidelines that “focus[] on the use of systemic therapy in metastatic 
disease.” Id. More specifically, Benson “summarizes the NCCN Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines) for managing 
metastatic CRC, focusing mainly on systemic therapy.” Id. at 1029. Benson 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
37 
 
discloses a patient population whose cancer progressed after two previous 
drug therapies or had metastatic cancer. Ex. 1009, 1034. 
c) Summary of Brown (Ex. 1034) 
Brown is an article titled “Neo-Antigens Predicted by Tumor Genome 
Meta-Analysis Correlate with Increased Patient Survival.” Ex. 1034, 743. 
Brown discloses that “patients with tumors showing naturally immunogenic 
mutations and associated [tumor infiltrating lymphocytes] are potential 
candidates for treatment with immune modulators such as CTLA4- or 
PDCD1-targeted antibodies,” i.e., PD-1 inhibitors. Id. at 747. More 
specifically, Brown teaches that “tumors bearing predicted immunogenic 
mutations have . . . elevated expression of CTLA4 and PDCD1,” i.e., PD-1, 
“reinforcing the notion that these patients may be optimal candidates for 
immune modulation.” Id. at 747–48. 
d) Summary of Duval (Ex. 1087) 
Duval is an article titled “The mutator pathway is a feature of 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas.” Ex. 1087, 5002. Duval describes 
that “[c]ancers with a mutator phenotype constitute a frequent subset of solid 
tumors characterized by mismatch repair deficiency.” Id. Duval discloses 
that “[t]hese tumors exhibit a widespread genetic instability at the molecular 
level that mainly affects microsatellite sequences and are called MSI-H 
(microsatellite instability-high) tumors.” Id. According to Duval, the 
observation that the MSI-H phenotype was specifically associated with 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas (ID-RL) “suggests the existence of 
the highly immunogenic mutator pathway as a novel oncogenic process in 
lymphomagenesis whose role is favored when host immunosurveillance is 
reduced.” Id. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
38 
 
2. Petitioner’s Contentions 
a) Ground 2 – Obviousness over MSI-H Study Record, Pernot, 
and Benson 
Petitioner incorporates its allegations that claims 1–3 and 5–7 are 
anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record, but presents alternative grounds 
based on obviousness. See Pet. 32–56. For Ground 2, Petitioner alleges 
claims 1–3 and 5–7 are obvious over the teachings in the MSI-H Study 
Record, Pernot and Benson. Pet. 36–45. Petitioner asserts that Pernot, and 
Benson disclose elements that Patent Owner might argue are not taught in 
the MSH-I Study Record, specifically the improved patient outcome and 
drug efficacy recited in claim 1, testing for MSI-H or dMMR tumors, and 
treating patients that have characteristics related to progressive or metastatic 
disease. Id. 
(1) Allegations Regarding Pernot 
Petitioner argues that Pernot teaches treating colorectal cancer and 
that one of ordinary skill in the art knowing the teachings of the MSI-H 
Study Record would have considered the teachings of Pernot because the 
MSI-H Study Record is directed to a clinical study treating colorectal cancer 
patient whose cancers are MSI-H with pembrolizumab, which is an 
anti-PD-1 antibody. Pet. 37 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 97). Petitioner argues that 
Pernot teaches that colorectal cancer patients that are MSI-H are “good 
candidates for immunotherapy,” such as PD-1 inhibitors. Id. (quoting 
Ex. 1006, 3741 (“[Colorectal cancer] associated with MSI could lead to a 
more intense immune response, but also to specific immunoregulatory 
phenomena, making them good candidates for immunotherapy.”)). 
Petitioner also argues that the state of the art indicates one of ordinary 
skill would have had a reasonable expectation of success in the claimed 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
39 
 
method because successful treatment with a PD-1 inhibitor of a colorectal 
cancer patient having an MSI-H tumor was reported in the prior art. Pet. 38 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 1057, 463–64 (reporting patient with MSI-H status 
advanced colorectal cancer who had not responded to prior chemotherapy 
treatment had cancer resolved through administration of PD-1 inhibitor, 
albeit a different inhibitor from pembrolizumab)). See also Ex. 1003 ¶ 98 
(Dr. Neugut opining that the study described in Ex. 1057 would have 
motivated the POSA to pursue the claimed method). Petitioner additionally 
argues that independent sources urged the treatment of MSI-H cancer with 
“PD-1 inhibitors or other immunotherapy, like pembrolizumab.” Pet. 38 
(citing e.g., Ex. 1032, e27817-5; Ex. 1003 ¶ 99). Petitioner further argues 
that the prior art taught PD-1 inhibitors were more effective when treating 
tumors “comprised of cancer cells that are easy for immune cells to 
recognize” such as MSI-H tumors. Pet. 38–39 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1085, 
673–74. See also Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 43–46, 96–101 (Dr. Neugut’s testimony citing 
numerous studies showing that “the literature had also discussed that MSI-H 
tumors exhibited the characteristics that were most relevant for PD-1 
efficacy” and that this knowledge would have motivated the POSA to 
“obtain the data from the MSI-H Study”). 
Petitioner also argues, through Dr. Neugut, that 
[a]s a result of carrying out the methods in the MSI-H Study 
Record of treating MSI-H colorectal patients with 
pembrolizumab at the dosage that was applied in the clinical 
study, the person of ordinary skill would have seen the results 
that naturally flow from those methods . . . . 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 101. Dr. Neugut opines that the MSI-H Study Record would 
have motivated one of ordinary skill in the art to test patients’ tumors for 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
40 
 
MSI-H because the MSI-H Study Record requires patients be placed into the 
proper study arm. See Pet. 40–42 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 97, 98). 
(2) Allegations Regarding Benson 
Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
considered it obvious that the MSI-H Study Record discloses treating 
patients with metastatic or unresectable cancer in light of the teachings of 
Benson. Pet. 42–45. Petitioner argues that Benson is directed to ways in 
which clinical studies involving colorectal cancer are conducted, which is in 
the same field as the MSI-H Study Record. Id. at 42–43 (citing Ex. 1009, 
1034; Neugut Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶ 104). Petitioner alleges that Benson teaches 
that, under the standard of care, the patient population with tumors and 
measurable disease that would take part in a clinical study are patients 
having metastatic and advanced disease. Id. at 43 (citing Ex. 1009, 1034; 
Neugut Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶ 105). Dr. Neugut testifies that the term “advanced 
cancer” refers to metastatic cancer or cancer that is so locally advanced that 
it is unresectable for purposes of a cure, and concludes that a POSA would 
have been motivated to carry out the method of the MSI-H Study Record on 
colorectal cancer that was metastatic, with a reasonable expectation of 
success. Neugut Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 105, 106. 
In summary, Petitioner argues that the MSI-H Study Record teaches 
all limitations of claim 1, while relying on Pernot to demonstrate that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have considered patients with MSI-H tumors 
to be good candidates for immunotherapy, such as PD-1 inhibitors, and thus, 
that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have been motivated to obtain the 
results of the MSI-H Study Record. Pet. 36–42 (citing Ex. 1006, 3741). 
Petitioner relies on Benson to demonstrate that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have understood the MSI-H Study Record to be directed to 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
41 
 
patients with an unresectable or metastatic tumor. Pet. 42–45 (citing 
Ex. 1009, 1034).) 
b) Ground 4 – Obviousness over MSI-H Study Record, Brown, 
Duval, and Benson 
Petitioner incorporates its allegations that claims 1–3 and 5–7 are 
anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record, but presents an alternative ground 
alleging claims 1–3 and 5–7 are obvious over the teachings in the MSI-H 
Study Record, Brown, Duval, and Benson to supplement the allegations in 
Ground 1 that a POSA would have known that a PD-1 inhibitor would 
provide an improved outcome to patients having MSI-H cancers in patients 
with progressive disease and to show that testing for MSI-H cancers was 
known. Pet. 46–54. 
With regard to claim 1, Petitioner argues that Brown teaches that 
PD-1 inhibitors were inherently more effective when treating tumors 
comprised of cells that are easy for immune cells to recognize. Pet. 48 
(citing Ex. 1034, 747L Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 115 119.). Petitioner argues further that 
Duval teaches that MSI-H cancers have cells that are easy for immune cells 
to recognize. Id. (citing Ex. 1087, 5002; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 117, 119). Petitioner 
argues that the combined teachings would have motivated a person of 
ordinary skill in the art to obtain the results of the MSI-H Study Record 
because the POSA would have “reasonably expected patients to respond” 
sufficiently to obtain the data based on the disclosures of Brown, Duval, and 
Benson. Id. at 49–50 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 124, 125). 
Regarding the dependent claims 2, 3, and 5–7, Petitioner incorporates 
its earlier allegations regarding claim 1, and argues that any elements not 
disclosed by the MSI-H Study Record would have been obvious to the 
ordinary artisan in view of the additional asserted prior art. Id. at 51–52. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
42 
 
Petitioner also argues the artisan would have been motivated to carry out the 
claimed method and would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so. Pet. 53. 
3. Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H Study Record does not anticipate 
the challenged claims and that none of Pernot, Benson, or Duval supplies 
limitations that Patent Owner asserts are “missing” from the MSI-H Study 
Record. PO Resp. 25–26. Specifically, Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H 
Study Record does not teach the “prior cancer therapy”/“progressed 
following a [cancer therapy/prior treatment]” required by the independent 
claim 1 or the “metastatic” limitation of dependent claims 5 and 6. Id. 
Thus, Petitioner’s “obviousness challenges necessarily fail.” Id. at 25. 
Patent Owner also argues that Benson advocates clinical trials as first-line 
therapy as opposed to after progression of cancer and drug treatment. Id. at 
25–26. 
4. Discussion 
Because “anticipation is the epitome of obviousness,” we are 
persuaded that the claims Petitioner challenges as being anticipated by the 
MSI-H Study Record would have been obvious over the MSI-H Study 
Record and other references, for the reasons discussed above. In re 
McDaniel, 293 F.3d 1379, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2002). Accordingly, the 
preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s challenges of claims 
1–3 and 5–7 as being obvious over the MSI-H Study Record alone. 
Patent Owner also presents objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that it asserts demonstrates the patentability of the claimed methods. PO 
Resp. 50–85. The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, skepticism, 
long-felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of the claimed 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
43 
 
methods. PO Resp. 50–85. Because we determine, as discussed above, that 
the method recited in claims 1–3 and 5–7 is anticipated by the MSI-H Study 
Record, Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not 
persuasive as to the patentability of these claims. See Cohesive Tech., Inc. v. 
Waters Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (“secondary 
considerations are not an element of a claim of anticipation.”). 
Accordingly, the preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s 
challenges of claims 1–3 and 5–7 as being obvious over the MSI-H Study 
Record alone or along with other references cited in Ground 2 and/or 
Ground 4. 
D. Remaining Grounds: Obviousness Based on the MSI-H Study Record, 
Pernot, Brown, Duval, Benson, Chapelle and Hamid 
Petitioner argues that dependent claims 4 and 7 of the ’974 patent are 
unpatentable because they are obvious over the MSI-H Study Record, 
Pernot, and other cited references, including Chapelle and Hamid. Pet. 45, 
54–57. Because, as discussed above, we determined that claim 7 is 
anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record, it would have been obvious under 
the MSI-H Study Record alone. In re McDaniel, 293 F.3d at 1385. 
Accordingly, we review Petitioner’s obviousness challenges only for 
remaining claim 4. 
1. Summary of Additional Asserted Prior Art, Chapelle (Ex. 1007) 
Chapelle is an article titled “Clinical Relevance of Microsatellite 
Instability in Colorectal Cancer.” Ex. 1007, 3380. Chapelle discloses that 
“Microsatellite instability (MSI) is a clonal change in the number of repeated 
DNA nucleotide units in microsatellites,” which “arises in tumors with 
deficient mismatch repair due to the inactivation of one of the four mismatch 
repair genes: MSH2, MLH1, MSH6, and PMS2.” Id. Chapelle describes the 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
44 
 
testing of tumor tissue from a patient to determine microsatellite instability 
in colorectal cancer. Ex. 1007, 3380, 3383. Chapelle also describes 
immunohistochemistry techniques to test for microsatellite instability status. 
Id. at 3380, 3384. 
2. Petitioner’s Contentions 
In Grounds 3 and 5, Petitioner additionally relies on Chappelle to 
address the elements of claim 4. Pet. 45–46. Claim 4 recites 
The method of claim 1 wherein the tumor sample from the 
patient exhibits an instability of one or more microsatellite 
markers, wherein the microsatellite marker is BAT-25, BAT-26, 
MONO-27, NR-21 or NR-24, or wherein the tumor sample from 
the patient exhibits a deficiency of one or more mismatch repair 
markers, wherein the mismatch repair marker is POLE, POLDl, 
or MYH. 
Ex. 1001, 52–58. 
Petitioner argues that Chapelle teaches standard methods of testing 
whether a tumor is MSI-H, and that the methods have been successful in 
determining whether the patient’s tumor exhibits instability in a 
microsatellite marker, such as BAT-25 or BAT-26. Pet. 45–46 (citing Ex. 
1007, 3380, 3383). Dr. Neugut supports this characterization of Chapelle, 
and opines that the POSA would have considered Chapelle to be in the same 
field of art. See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 110–111, 132. 
Petitioner argues that a POSA would have been motivated, based on 
the teachings of the MSH-I Study record, Pernot, Benson, and Chapelle, to 
determine “whether the tumor sample from the patient exhibits an instability 
of one or more microsatellite markers, wherein the microsatellite marker is 
BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 or NR-24.” Pet. 45 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 112). Petitioner further argues the artisan would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in the method because Chapelle’s method of testing 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
45 
 
was well known and “does not affect the efficacy of the use of 
pembrolizumab for treating cancer patients having MSI-H tumors.” Pet. 46 
(citing Ex. 1001, 6:21–22; 6:31–34; Ex. 1003 ¶ 113). 
We find that the record as recounted above supports Petitioner’s 
arguments. 
3. Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner has not shown claim 4 would 
have been obvious over the prior art in Grounds 3 and 5.5 PO Resp. 49–50. 
Patent Owner argues that the additional art cited to show obviousness of the 
additional limitations in claim 4, Chapelle, does not cure the deficiencies in 
Petitioner’s case to show that the prior art disclosed or suggested claim 1’s 
requirement that the patient “received a prior cancer therapy drug” or the 
“outcome that is improved” limitation, or the requirement that a POSA 
“would have reasonably expected to achieve success in the treatment” 
claimed by the ’974 Patent. PO Resp. 49–50. Patent Owner does not argue 
that claim 4’s additional limitations render its method non-obvious. Patent 
Owner makes certain general arguments in response to Petitioner’s 
obviousness challenges, which we address below. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner applies the wrong legal standard 
to argue that there would have been a reasonable expectation of success in 
the methods recited in independent claim 1. PO Resp. 31–50. For example, 
Patent Owner argues that neither the MSI-H Study Record, Pernot, any other 
reference cited by Petitioner, nor the state of the art provides a reasonable 
expectation in using MSI status as an indicator of successful treatment with 
 
5 Patent Owner alleges the same for each of claims 1–7 with respect to 
Grounds 3 and 5–7. Pet. 49–50. We address only claim 4 here. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
46 
 
pembrolizumab. PO Resp. 32–49. Because, as discussed above, we are 
persuaded that the steps of the methods recited in claim 1 is expressly taught 
in the MSI-H Study Record, anticipating the limitations of independent 
claim 1, we are persuaded that Petitioner has established that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
achieving a method comprising these steps, with the results being inherent. 
See MEHL/Biophile, 192 F.3d at 1366 (“Where, as here, the result is a 
necessary consequence of what was deliberately intended, it is of no import 
that the articles’ authors did not appreciate the results.”). Further, Petitioner 
presents persuasive evidence that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in making a method that tests 
whether the tumor sample from the patient exhibits an instability of one or 
more microsatellite markers, wherein the microsatellite marker is one of the 
markers that was known by persons of skill in the art at the time of the 
invention, as recited in claim 4. Patent Owner does not argue or present 
evidence to the contrary. Accordingly, we are persuaded that Petitioner has 
met its burden of presenting a prima facie case for the obviousness of the 
claim 4.6 
Patent Owner also presents objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that it asserts demonstrates the non-obviousness of the claimed methods. 
PO Resp. 50–85. The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, 
skepticism, long-felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of 
the claimed methods. Id. Because we determine, as discussed above, that 
the methods recited in the independent claims are anticipated by the MSI-H 
 
6 Having already concluded that Petitioner has demonstrated the obviousness 
of claims 1–3 and 5–7, we do not reassess that conclusion here, but the same 
assessment would apply. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
47 
 
Study Record, Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not 
persuasive of the patentability of independent claim 1. See Cohesive Tech., 
Inc. v. Waters Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (“secondary 
considerations are not an element of a claim of anticipation.”). Similarly, 
Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive of 
the patentability of dependent claims 2, 3, and 5–7, which we determine are 
anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
Regarding dependent claim 4, which Petitioner challenges only on 
obviousness grounds, Patent Owner must show a nexus between the claimed 
method and the evidence of non-obviousness. See Henny Penny Corp. v. 
Frymaster LLC, 938 F.3d 1324, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“to be accorded 
substantial weight in the obviousness analysis, the evidence of secondary 
considerations must have a ‘nexus’ to the claims, i.e., there must be ‘a 
legally and factually sufficient connection’ between the evidence and the 
patented invention. . . . Ultimately, ‘[t]he patentee bears the burden of 
showing that a nexus exists.’” (quoting Demaco Corp. v. F. Von Langsdorff 
Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 1988), WMS Gaming, Inc. v. 
Int'l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1359 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
Patent Owner does not direct us to evidence of a nexus to limitations 
recited in dependent claim 4, which recites testing that comprises assessing 
one or more markers selected from the group consisting of BAT-25, BAT-
26, MONO-27, NR-21 and NR-24 and mismatch repair markers POLE, 
POLDl, or MYH. Thus, even if there is a nexus to the Patent Owner’s 
evidence of secondary considerations, the evidence addresses the methods of 
independent claim 1 alone, not the limitations of claim 4. PO Resp. 50–85. 
Patent Owner directs us only to evidence regarding treating patients 
determined to have MSI-H colorectal cancer with pembrolizumab, which we 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
48 
 
determine to be anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. PO Resp. 50–85. 
When evidence of a “secondary consideration is exclusively related to a 
single feature that is in the prior art,” our reviewing court has held the 
evidence is of no relevance to the obviousness inquiry. See Yita LLC v. 
MacNeil IP LLC, 69 F.4th 1356, 1363–65 (Fed. Cir. 2023), cert. denied, 144 
S. Ct. 499 (2023) (distinguishing WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 
1330–31 (Fed. Cir. 2016)); see also Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. v. Covidien 
LP, 812 F.3d 1023, 1034 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (“[I]f the feature that creates the 
commercial success was known in the prior art, the success is not 
pertinent.”). In Yita, the prior art taught close-conformance of a floor tray 
with the walls of a vehicle foot well, which one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have had reason to use in combination with other prior-art teachings 
to arrive at the claimed invention. See Yita, 69 F.4th at 1359–61. The court 
held that because the asserted evidence of secondary consideration related 
exclusively to close-conformity, the evidence was not persuasive of 
non-obviousness, even though the claimed floor tray was coextensive with 
the product that produced the evidence. See 69 F.4th at 1364–65 (“The 
coextensiveness inquiry bears only on the presumption of nexus; it does not 
decide the overall nexus question.”). 
Because Patent Owner directs us only to evidence that the methods 
recited in claim 1 produced evidence of secondary considerations, we are not 
persuaded that this evidence is persuasive of the non-obviousness of the 
specific methods recited in the dependent claim 4. For example, Patent 
Owner fails to direct us to evidence that a method of treating MSI-H 
colorectal cancer in a patient wherein testing was confirmed to show that the 
tumor had one or more markers selected from the group consisting of BAT-
25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 and NR-24 and or mismatch repair markers 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
49 
 
POLE, POLDl, or MYH, as recited in claim 4, demonstrated unexpected 
results or commercial success. 
Accordingly, Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that the method of claim 4 would have been obvious. We are not 
persuaded to the contrary by Patent Owner’s arguments or evidence of 
second secondary considerations. 
4. Summary 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the challenged claims would have been obvious over the MSI-H Study 
Record and the other references Petitioner cites. Patent Owner does not 
persuade us otherwise. Accordingly, we determine that claim 4 is rendered 
obvious by the MSI-H Study Record and the other cited references. 
a) Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has shown a 
reasonable likelihood that claim 4 is unpatentable based on the combined 
teachings of the MSI-H Study Record, Pernot, Benson, and Chapelle, or the 
MSI-H Study Record, Brown, Duval, Benson, and Chapelle. 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–7 of the ’974 patent are 
unpatentable. 
 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
50 
 
In summary: 
 
 
 
 
Claim(s) 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–3, 5–7 
102 
MSI-H Study 
Record 
1–3, 5–7 
 
1–3, 5–7 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, Pernot, 
Benson 
1–3, 5–7 
 
 
 
4 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record or MSI-H 
Study Record, 
Pernot, Benson, 
Chapelle 
4 
 
1–3, 5–7 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, Brown, 
Duval, Benson 
1–3, 5–7 
 
 
 
4 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Chapelle 
4 
 
 
 
7 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record or MSI-H 
Study Record, 
Pernot, Benson, 
Chapelle, Hamid 
7 
 
 
 
7 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Chapelle, Hamid 
7 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–7 
 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
51 
 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is 
ORDERED that claims 1–7 of the ’974 patent have been shown to be 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-00623 
Patent 11,325,974 B2 
1 
 
For PETITIONER: 
Naveen Modi 
Bruce Wexler 
Preston Ratliff 
Daniel Zeilberger 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
brucewexler@paulhastings.com 
prestonratliff@paulhastings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
 
For PATENT OWNER: 
Nicholas Stephens 
Grace Kim 
Todd Miller 
Matthew Chun 
Kristi Sawert 
FISH & RICHARDSON P.C. 
nstephens@fr.com 
gkim@fr.com 
miller@fr.com 
mchun@fr.com 
sawert@fr.com