--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov Paper 64 
571-272-7822 
Entered: November 26, 2024 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
________________________________________ 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
________________________________________ 
NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
SPRUCE BIOSCIENCES, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
________________________________________ 
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
________________________________________ 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and 
TINA E. HULSE, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
NEW, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 328(a) 
Denying in Part and Dismissing in Part 
Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) 
Denying in Part and Dismissing in Part 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) 
Dismissing Petitioner’s Motion to Strike 
37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b) 

--- Page 2 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
We have jurisdiction to hear this post-grant review under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 6. This Final Written Decision is issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 328(a) 
and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons set forth below, we determine that 
Petitioner Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (“Petitioner”) has established, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that challenged claims 1–25 of Patent Owner 
Spruce Biosciences, Inc.’s (“Patent Owner”) U.S. Patent No. 10,849,908 B2 
(Ex. 1001, the “’908 patent”) are unpatentable. We also deny in part and 
dismiss in part Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence, deny in part and 
dismiss in part Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence, and dismiss 
Petitioner’s Motion to Strike. 
 
 
Procedural History 
On May 28, 2021, Petitioner filed its Petition (Paper 3, “Petition” or 
“Pet.”) seeking post-grant review of claims 1–25 of the ’908 patent. Patent 
Owner timely filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 8 (“Preliminary 
Response” or “Prelim. Resp.”). On December 10, 2021, we entered a 
Decision Denying Institution of post-grant review (the “Board’s Decision”). 
See Paper 11. On January 10, 2022, Petitioner requested a Rehearing before 
the Precedential Opinion Panel. Papers 12, 13. On July 20, 2023, 
Petitioner’s Request for Rehearing was dismissed and sua sponte review of 
the Board’s Decision by the Director was granted. Papers 14, 15. 
On August 4, 2023, the Director issued a Decision Vacating the 
Board’s Decision (the “Director’s Decision” or “Dir. Dec.”) and remanding 
this case to the Board for further proceedings consonant with the Director’s 
Decision. Paper 16. We instituted post-grant review of the challenged 

--- Page 3 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
3 
claims of the ’908 patent on December 1, 2023. Paper 21 (“Institution 
Decision” or “Dec. Inst.”). 
After institution of trial, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 29, 
“PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 32, “Pet. Reply”), and Patent 
Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 45, “PO Sur-reply”). A consolidated oral 
argument was held in this proceeding and PGR2022-00025 on September 3, 
2024, and a copy of the transcript was entered into the record. Paper 59 
(“Tr.”). We authorized additional briefing on claim construction on 
September 6, 2024 (Paper 58). Both Petitioner (Paper 60) and Patent Owner 
(Paper 61) filed additional briefing on claim construction and Oppositions 
(Papers 62 and 63, respectively) to the opposing party’s additional briefing. 
Both Petitioner (Paper 46) and Patent Owner (Paper 47) filed Motions 
to Exclude Evidence (“Mot. Exclude”) and filed Oppositions (Papers 49 and 
50, respectively) to the opposing party’s Motion to Exclude Evidence (“Opp. 
Mot. Exclude”). Both parties also filed a Reply to their opponent’s 
Opposition to their Motions to Exclude (“Reply Mot. Exclude”). Paper 53 
(Petitioner); Paper 52 (Patent Owner). Petitioner filed a Motion to Strike 
(Paper 51, “Pet. Mot. Strike”), and Patent Owner filed an Opposition (Paper 
55, “Opp. Mot. Strike”). 
 
II. BACKGROUND 
A. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. as the real party-in-
interest. Pet. 79. Patent Owner identifies Spruce Biosciences, Inc. as the 
real party-in-interest. Paper 6, 2. 
 

--- Page 4 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
4 
 
Related Matters 
Petitioner states that it is not aware of any disclaimers, reexamination 
certificates, or petitions for inter partes or post-grant review for the ’908 
patent, nor is Petitioner aware of any pending civil actions involving the 
’908 patent. Pet. 80. 
Patent Owner states that it “is aware of the following related matter: 
Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. v. Spruce Biosciences, Inc., Case No. 
PGR2022-00025 (PTAB).” Paper 42, 1. 
 
 
The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–25 of the ’908 patent are 
unpatentable, based upon the following grounds: 
 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–4, 7–9, 11–14, 
17–19, 21–24 
1021 
Grigoriadis2 
2 
4, 10, 14, 20–22, 
25 
103 
Grigoriadis 
3 
5, 6, 15, 16 
103 
Grigoriadis, Romano3 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 
Stat. 284 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102, 103, and 112 effective March 
16, 2013. Because the application from which the ’908 patent issued has 
an effective filing date subsequent to that date, the AIA versions of §§ 102, 
103, and 112 apply. 
2 Grigoriadis et al. (US 2017/0020877 A1, January 26, 2017) (“Grigoriadis”) 
Ex. 1006. 
3 Romano (US 2005/0209250 A1, September 22, 2005) (“Romano”) 
Ex. 1007. 

--- Page 5 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
5 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
4 
1–25 
112 
Lack of written 
description 
5 
1–25 
112 
Lack of enablement 
 
Petitioner initially relied upon the Declarations of Dr. Robert M. 
Carey (Ex. 1005, the “Carey Declaration”). When Dr. Carey became 
medically incapable of testifying at deposition or otherwise participating in 
the proceeding, the Board approved Petitioner’s request to submit additional 
documentation to allow Gordon B. Cutler, Jr., M.D., to succeed Dr. Carey, 
with the affirmative proviso that Dr. Cutler adopt Dr. Carey’s existing 
testimony and be made available for cross‐examination by Patent Owner 
(Ex. 1036, “the Cutler Declaration”; Ex. 1044, “the Cutler Reply 
Declaration”; Ex. 1046). Patent Owner relies upon the Declaration of 
Adrian Dobs, M.D., M.H.S. (Ex. 2014, the “Dobs Declaration”). We have 
reviewed the credentials of Petitioner’s and Patent Owner’s declarants, and 
consider each to be qualified to provide the opinions for which their 
testimony has been submitted. See Section IV.C. 
 
 
The ’908 Patent 
The ’908 patent is directed to pharmaceutical compositions 
comprising 3-(4-chloro-2-(morpholin-4-yl) thiazol-5-yl)-7-(1-ethylpropyl)-
2,5-dimethylpyrazolo (1,5-α) pyrimidine (“Compound 1”), and to methods 
of using the same for the treatment of congenital adrenal hyperplasia 
(“CAH”). Ex. 1001, Abstr. Relevantly, the ’908 patent is directed to the 
administration of Compound 1, or another antagonist of the corticotropin 

--- Page 6 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
6 
releasing factor (“CRF”) receptor type 1 (“CRF1”), and thus inhibiting 
release of adrenal corticotropic hormone (“ACTH”) by the secretory cells of 
the adenohypophysis, for the treatment of CAH. Ex. 1001, cols. 10–12, 
ll. 47–26. 
 
 
Representative Claims 
Independent claims 1 and 11 of the ’908 patent are representative of 
the challenged claims and recite: 
1. 
A method of treating congenital adrenal hyperplasia 
(CAH) in a human comprising administering to the human a 
therapeutically-effective amount of a CRF1 receptor antagonist 
or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, wherein an 
adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) level in the human is 
reduced by at least 10% from baseline. 
 
11. 
A method of treating congenital adrenal hyperplasia in a 
human comprising administering to the human a therapeutically-
effective amount of a CRF1 receptor antagonist or a 
pharmaceutically 
acceptable 
salt 
thereof, 
wherein 
a 
17-hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) level is reduced in the human 
by at least about 10% from baseline. 
 
Ex. 1001, col. 48, ll. 6–42. 
 
 
Prosecution History of the ’908 Patent 
The ’908 patent issued from U.S. Application Ser. No. 16/388,620 
(the “’620 application”), filed on April 18, 2019, and claims the priority 
benefit of, inter alia, provisional Application Ser. No. 62/545,406, which 
was filed on August 14, 2017. Ex. 1001, codes (21–22, 60). 
Claims 1–25 of the ’908 patent were allowed on September 30, 2020, 
and the patent issued on December 1, 2020. Ex. 1002, 186; Ex. 1001, code 

--- Page 7 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
7 
(45). The Petition is consequently eligible for post-grant review. See 
35 U.S.C. § 324. 
 
III. MOTIONS TO EXCLUDE EVIDENCE AND MOTION TO STRIKE 
Both parties have submitted Motions to Exclude Evidence (Papers 46, 
47) and have also filed Oppositions (Papers 49, 50) and Replies (Papers 52, 
53) to the opposing party’s Motion to Exclude Evidence. Petitioner filed a 
Motion to Strike (Paper 51) and Patent Owner filed an Opposition (Paper 
55). We now consider each party’s Motion to Exclude in turn and consider 
Petitioner’s Motion to Strike. 
 
 
Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
Petitioner moves to exclude portions of “the written description 
opinions of Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Dobs (Exhibit 2014, ¶¶19, 80–91), 
and to exclude Exhibit 2016 and Exhibits 2020–2026 in their entireties.” 
Pet. Mot. Exclude 1. We address each of Petitioner’s arguments in turn. 
 
 
Dr. Dobs’ Written Description Opinions (Exhibit 2014 ¶¶ 19, 80–91) 
 
Petitioner’s arguments 
Petitioner argues that Patent Owner relies on the testimony of 
Dr. Dobs in support of its written description contentions. Pet. Mot. Exclude 
6 (citing PO Resp. 65–70). Petitioner argues the Board should exclude from 
evidence Dr. Dobs’ written description opinions in paragraphs 19 and 80–91 
of Exhibit 2014 because “Dr. Dobs is not qualified as an expert to opine on 
written description of the challenged claims under FRE 702.” Id. at 3. 

--- Page 8 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
8 
According to Petitioner, Dr. Dobs admitted during her deposition that 
she “lacks specialized knowledge, skill, experience, training, or education 
that would assist the Board in understanding the evidence relating to whether 
the challenged claims lack adequate written description under 35 U.S.C. 
§112(a).” Pet. Mot. Exclude 3–4; see also id. at 8–9. More specifically, 
Petitioner contends “Dr. Dobs admitted that she is not familiar with 
medicinal chemistry, and demonstrated she is not qualified to opine on the 
chemical structures described in the prior art references she cited to support 
her written description opinions.” Id. at 7. Petitioner argues further that 
“Dr. Dobs repeatedly admitted she is not a chemist, was not comfortable 
with chemical terminology, and could not answer questions regarding the 
chemical structures described in the Williams and Fahmy articles.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1038, 32, 125–126, 128–130); see also id. at 7–8 (citing Ex. 2014 
¶¶ 88–89; Ex. 1038, 32–35, 52–53, 124–126, 126–128, 128–130, 130–131, 
132–134; Ex. 1041, 2). 
 
 
Analysis 
Dr. Dobs attested that she is a physician and Board-certified 
endocrinologist with expertise in endocrinology and hormone disorders, and 
has been an expert in this field since well before 2017. Ex. 2014 ¶ 3. 
Dr. Dobs is presently Professor of Medicine and Oncology in the Division of 
Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism, and Director, Johns Hopkins 
Clinical Research Network Johns Hopkins Institute for Clinical and 
Translational Research (ICTR) at The Johns Hopkins University School of 
Medicine. Ex. 2015, 1. 

--- Page 9 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
9 
Dr. Dobs attested that, by 2017 when the provisional application that 
eventually matured as the ’908 patent was filed, she had a medical degree, 
experience in the field of endocrinology, knowledge of hormone regulation 
and disorders, and knowledge of the regimens employed to treat such 
disorders. Dr. Dobs testified that she also had at least three years of 
experience conducting research concerning endocrine disorders, including 
congenital adrenal hyperplasia (“CAH”) and other adrenal disorders, and she 
thus satisfies the description of a skilled artisan in this field. Ex. 2014 ¶ 4. 
Dr. Dobs states that she has published extensively on topics including 
hormones and hormone disorders, including cortical adrenal hyperplasia, is 
the author or co-author of over 250 scientific articles, and has served on 
numerous editorial boards. Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 8–9. Dr. Dobs has also participated 
in more than fifty clinical trials evaluating endocrine therapeutics and 
hormones. Id. ¶ 10 She has also participated in several FDA panels and has 
presented in front of several FDA advisory boards. Id. 
Dr. Dobs testified that, in her clinical practice, she has treated patients 
with CAH as well as Cushing’s syndrome, which may be associated with 
over-administration of glucocorticoids during the treatment of CAH. 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 11. 
Petitioner’s definition of a person of ordinary skill in the art, which 
we adopt below, is one who “[possesses] a medical degree or a Ph.D. in a 
field related to endocrinology, and would have knowledge of hormone 
regulation and disorders, as well as knowledge of the treatment regimens 
employed to treat such disorders.” Pet. 60 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶ 34). Petitioner 
also argues that such a person of ordinary skill would also have at least three 

--- Page 10 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
10 
years of experience conducting research concerning endocrine disorders, 
including CAH or other adrenal disorders. Id. 
By this definition, Dr. Dobs is at least a person of ordinary skill in the 
art. She possesses a medical degree and is Board-certified in endocrinology, 
and has sufficient clinical and research experience in the diagnosis and 
methods of treatment of treating patients with endocrinological disorders. 
Dr. Dobs is therefore qualified to testify at least as to the knowledge of a 
skilled artisan. Kyocera Senco Indus. Tools Inc. v. Int’l Trade Comm’n, 22 
F.4th 1369, 1376–77 (Fed. Cir. 2022). Furthermore, given her past research 
and clinical experience, her current position as a tenured medical professor 
at a major research university, and her extensive record of publication, we 
find Dr. Dobs qualified to opine as an expert in the causes and nature of 
endocrine disorders, including CAH, and the diagnosis, and treatment of 
patients with such disorders. 
 
To the extent that Dr. Dobs has admitted that she is “not comfortable 
with chemical terminology”; “could not answer questions regarding the 
chemical structures in the prior art articles”; “did not know whether CRF1 
receptor antagonists contained the structural features she deemed ‘essential’ 
in her Declaration”; and “agreed that tildacerfont has structurally unique 
features” (see Ex. 1038, 52–53, 125–126, 126–128, 128–130), we will weigh 
her testimony regarding those matters accordingly. However, for the 
reasons explained above, Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Dr. Dobs’ written 
description opinions in paragraphs 19 and 80–91 of Exhibit 2014 is denied. 

--- Page 11 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
11 
 
Exhibits 2016 and 2020–2026 
 
Petitioner’s arguments 
Petitioner argues that “Patent Owner relies on Exhibit 2016 for the 
proposition that Dr. Eiry Roberts, Neurocrine’s Chief Medical Officer, 
‘prepared’ the peer-reviewed Auchus article, and ‘has known Dr. Cutler for 
decades and recruited him’ to work with Neurocrine.” Pet. Mot. Exclude 10 
(citing PO Resp. 1, 3). Petitioner argues the Board should exclude 
Exhibit 2016 from evidence because “it does not show whether Dr. Roberts 
‘prepared’ the Auchus article, nor whether Dr. Roberts and Dr. Cutler had a 
pre-existing relationship,” and “neither of these issues have any consequence 
on the outcome of this case.” Id. at 13. 
Petitioner also argues the Board should exclude from evidence 
Exhibits 2016 and 2020–2026 “as irrelevant under FRE 401” because “none 
of Exhibits 2020–2026 are relevant to whether Grigoriadis anticipates the 
’908 patent[’]s claims or renders those claims obvious, as set forth in the 
Petition.” Pet. Mot. Exclude 10 (citing Pet. 3). According to Petitioner, 
“Exhibits 2020–2026 are documents filed in the prosecution of Neurocrine’s 
own patent applications,” Exhibits 2020, 2021, and 2024 “are ministerial 
papers filed with the Office in connection with Neurocrine’s patent 
applications that have nothing to do with the merits of this PGR,” and 
“Exhibits 2022 and 2025 are Information Disclosure Statements.” Id. at 10–
11. Petitioner contends Exhibits 2023 and 2026 are irrelevant because 
“Exhibit 2023 is a Preliminary Amendment and Exhibit 2026 is a Reply to a 
Restriction Requirement” in which the claims in the exhibits are merely 
pending and “are fundamentally different than Grigoriadis’ disclosure of 
administrating crinecerfont as a CRF1 receptor antagonist useful to treat 

--- Page 12 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
12 
CAH, and the inherent result of that administration (reducing ACTH, 17-
OHP, and/or A4 levels in a human).” Id. at 11–12. 
Petitioner also submitted a Statement of Objections to Patent Owner’s 
Demonstrative Evidence objecting to Patent Owner’s demonstrative slides 
19, 22, 25, and 66 in Exhibit 2028. See Paper 57, 1. Petitioner objects to 
these slides because they cite and rely “on information contained in Exhibits 
2020, 2021, 2023, and 2026.” Id. Because we do not need to rely on any 
information in these Exhibits to resolve the disputes before us, we need not 
rule on these objections. 
 
 
Analysis 
Patent Owner’s Exhibits 2016 and 2020–2026 play no part in our 
reasoning and were not relied upon by the Board in reaching our Decision. 
Petitioner’s Motion to exclude Exhibits 2016 and 2020–2026 is therefore 
dismissed as moot. 
 
 
Summary 
For the reasons we have explained in the preceding sections, we deny 
Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Dr. Dobs’ written description opinions in 
paragraphs 19 and 80–91 of Exhibit 2014 and dismiss as moot Petitioner’s 
Motion to Exclude Exhibits 2016 and 2020–2026. 
 
 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Patent Owner moves to exclude Exhibits 1005 and 1043, and portions 
of Exhibit 1044. PO Mot. Exclude 1. We address each of Patent Owner’s 
arguments in turn. 

--- Page 13 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
13 
 
The Carey Declaration (Exhibit 1005) 
 
Patent Owner’s arguments 
Patent Owner argues the Board should exclude Petitioner’s 
Exhibit 1005 because Petitioner replaced Dr. Carey with Dr. Cutler. PO 
Mot. Exclude 1–2. According to Patent Owner, Petitioner filed Dr. Cutler’s 
Declaration because Dr. Carey is medically unable to participate in this 
proceeding and was not made available for cross-examination. Id. Patent 
Owner contends “[w]hile it is believed that [Ex. ]1005 has now been 
withdrawn given the circumstances, Petitioner has not expressly 
acknowledged its withdrawal and even improperly cited [Ex. ]1005 in its 
briefing.” Id. at 1 (citing Pet. Reply 8, 12, 14–16, 22, 25–27). 
Patent Owner also argues that Exhibit 1005 should be excluded “[t]o 
avoid confusion and/or prejudice” because Petitioner withdrew Dr. Carey as 
a witness. PO Reply Mot. Exclude 1. Patent Owner contends Dr. Cutler 
adopted the content of Dr. Carey’s Declaration by appending a copy of 
Dr. Carey’s Declaration (Ex. 1005) to his own Declaration (Ex. 1036) 
“rather than reproducing the content in the body of his own declaration.” Id. 
Patent Owner argues this creates two problems, namely that the record now 
contains two copies of Dr. Carey’s Declaration, and “the parties in briefing 
are burdened with separately referencing two documents” which “risks the 
prejudicial false impression that Petitioner has two supporting witnesses 
(Dr. Cutler and Dr. Carey), when in fact only one exists.” Id. at 1–2. 
 
 
Analysis 
Petitioner initially relied upon the Declaration of Dr. Robert M. Carey 
(Ex. 1005). When Dr. Carey became medically incapacitated and incapable 

--- Page 14 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
14 
of testifying at deposition, the Board approved Petitioner’s request to submit 
additional documentation to allow Dr. Gordon B. Cutler, Jr., to “step into the 
shoes” of Dr. Carey, with the affirmative proviso from the Board that 
Dr. Cutler adopt Dr. Carey’s existing testimony and be made available for 
cross‐examination by Patent Owner. See Ex. 1046. Dr. Cutler subsequently 
submitted a Declaration (Ex. 1036) and a Reply Declaration (Ex. 1044) and 
was deposed by Patent Owner on January 29, 2024 (Paper 28), and a second 
time on July 12, 2024 (Paper 35). 
In his Declaration, Dr. Cutler testifies that “I have reviewed 
Dr. Carey’s declaration (attached as Appendix B) and the opinions and 
exhibits cited therein. I agree with Dr. Carey’s opinions in full, and hereby 
adopt the opinions set forth in Dr. Carey’s declaration as my own.” 
Ex. 1036, ¶16. Dr. Cutler’s Declaration adds nothing more that is 
substantial, except to describe his background and qualifications, and to note 
that the Auchus reference cited by Dr. Carey in his Declaration was 
subsequently published in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & 
Metabolism in October 2021. Ex. 1036, 2–7, 8. 
Patent Owner adduces no legal authority for us to exclude the Carey 
Declaration, nor does it provide any evidence that inclusion of the Carey 
Declaration colorably prejudices its case. Patent Owner deposed Dr. Carey 
twice. Patent Owner’s arguments that failing to exclude the Carey 
Declaration will: (1) cause the parties in briefing to be burdened with 
separately referencing two documents; and (2) “risks the prejudicial false 
impression that Petitioner has two supporting witnesses (Dr. Cutler and 
Dr. Carey), when in fact only one exists” are nonsensical. Dr. Cutler’s 
Declaration adopts the Carey Declaration in full and makes no additional 

--- Page 15 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
15 
substantial argument with respect to the merits of the case. Petitioner 
properly relied upon the Carey Declaration in its Reply Brief, because no 
other Declaration on the merits supporting its Petition existed at that time 
with the inability of Dr. Carey to participate in the post-grant review. 
Indeed, excluding the Carey Declaration would potentially prejudice 
Petitioner, by depriving it of the expert opinion supporting its arguments as 
cited in the Petition and the Reply. Finally, excluding Exhibit 1005 is more 
likely to introduce confusion into the record by removing an Exhibit upon 
which the Petition expressly relies. 
Similarly, the record is sufficiently clear as to why Dr. Cutler, with 
the Board’s approval, stepped in for the medically incapacitated Dr. Carey. 
See Ex. 1036 ¶ 154; Ex. 1046, 1–2. Any risk of prejudice against Patent 
Owner by the mistaken impression that Petitioner has two supporting 
witnesses has been eliminated. Patent Owner’s motion to exclude 
Exhibit 1005 is denied. 
 
 
Paragraphs 20–30, 52, 53, 71, 72, 74, 77, 78, 81, 93, 94, and 103 of 
Dr. Cutler’s Reply Declaration (Exhibit 1044) 
 
Patent Owner’s arguments 
Patent Owner argues Petitioner does not cite paragraphs 20–30, 52, 
53, 71, 72, 74, 77, 78, 81, 93, 94, or 103 from Exhibit 1044 in any of its 
briefing. PO Mot. Exclude 2. Patent Owner contends the Board should 
exclude these portions of Exhibit 1044 under FRE 401–403 because 
 
4 Dr. Cutler testified in his Declaration that “I understand that Dr. Robert M. 
Carey, M.D., submitted a declaration in support of Neurocrine’s 
Petition…. (EX. 1005). I understand that Dr. Carey … at present is not 
able to work, or to participate further in this matter.” Ex. 1036, ¶ 15. 

--- Page 16 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
16 
“[u]ncited-to portions of Dr. Cutler’s reply declaration cannot be relied on to 
establish unpatentability” and “are not relevant.” Id. Patent Owner argues 
that “[t]o the extent these uncited exhibits are deemed relevant to 
Neurocrine’s arguments, their admission would be unduly prejudicial, 
misleading, and a waste of time in view of the fact that none of these 
paragraphs are relied upon to prove facts relevant to resolution of this case.” 
Id. at 3 (citing FRE 401–403). 
 
 
Petitioner’s response 
Petitioner responds that paragraphs 20–30, 52, 53, 71, 72, 74, 77, 78, 
81, 93, 94, or 103 of Exhibit 1044 should not be excluded because “[t]he 
Board has broad discretion to admit evidence, and exclusion should be 
appropriate only if the evidence is irrelevant, unreliable, or unduly 
prejudicial.” Pet. Opp. Mot. Exclude 3. Petitioner contends it “cited to and 
relied on Dr. Cutler’s Reply Declaration throughout its Reply, and Patent 
Owner fails to show that any of the paragraphs of the Reply Declaration are, 
in fact, irrelevant under FRE 401–402.” Id. According to Petitioner, “[t]he 
complained-about paragraphs are either introductory paragraphs or 
paragraphs interspersed between cited paragraphs that are relevant as 
providing important context and background for Dr. Cutler’s testimony” and 
do not constitute improper incorporation by reference. Id. at 4–5. 
Petitioner contends “Patent Owner has not identified any prejudice it 
might suffer should the entire Reply Declaration remain in the record, nor 
has it made any attempt to explain how this unidentified ‘prejudice’ 
outweighs the obvious relevance of the entire Reply Declaration.” Pet. Opp. 
Mot. Exclude 6. Petitioner also contends “Patent Owner fails to 

--- Page 17 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
17 
persuasively explain how the uncited paragraphs are misleading and/or a 
waste of time.” Id. 
 
 
Analysis 
Paragraphs 20–30, 52, 53, 72, 74, 77, and 78 of Dr. Cutler’s Reply 
Declaration are part of a direct response to the testimony of Patent Owner’s 
expert, Dr. Dobs, with respect to the Grigoriadis reference and to 
Dr. Carey’s expert opinion regarding that reference. As such, they are 
relevant under Fed R. Evid. 401 to rebut the responsive arguments made by 
Patent Owner in this case. Although Petitioner did not expressly cite to 
these paragraphs in its briefing, and we do not rely upon them in this 
Decision, these paragraphs are a coherent part of Petitioner’s argument, and 
Patent Owner has not sufficiently shown how they are irrelevant under Rule 
401, or how, by failing to exclude them, Patent Owner’s case is unduly 
prejudiced. 
Paragraphs 81, 93, 94, or 103 of Dr. Cutler’s Reply Declaration 
directly relate to Dr. Cutler’s rebuttal of Dr. Dobs’ argument that the prior 
art teaches that all CRF1 receptor antagonists could be used to treat CAH, or 
achieve ACTH or 17-OHP reductions of at least 10% from baseline. As 
such, they form a coherent part of Petitioner’s argument in reply to Patent 
Owner’s evidence. Also as such, they are relevant to the issues in this case 
and, particularly, to the issue of whether the challenged claims have 
sufficient written descriptive support in the ’908 Specification, which is 
dispositive to this post-grant review. Patent Owner has not sufficiently 
shown how the challenged paragraphs are irrelevant under Rule 401, or how, 
by failing to exclude them, Patent Owner’s case is unduly prejudiced. Patent 

--- Page 18 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
18 
Owner’s Motion to Exclude paragraphs 20–30, 52, 53, 71, 72, 74, 77, 78, 81, 
93, 94, or 103 of Exhibit 1044 is denied. 
 
 
Exhibit 1043 and Paragraphs 24, 30–33, 42, 44, 45, 54–65, 68–71, and 
81–103 of Dr. Cutler’s Reply Declaration (Exhibit 1044) 
 
Patent Owner’s arguments 
Patent Owner argues Petitioner presents “untimely and improper new 
argument and evidence not relevant to the petition case” in Exhibit 1043 and 
paragraphs 24, 30–33, 42, 44, 45, 54–65, 68–71, and 81–103 of Exhibit 
1044. PO Mot. Exclude 3–7. According to Patent Owner, Petitioner relies 
on Exhibit 1043 “to bolster its ever-evolving pivot from anticipation to the 
different theory of obviousness” and to “argue that while neither Grigoriadis 
nor Auchus demonstrate[s] clinical efficacy, that was eventually 
demonstrated in a different and later published Phase III trial.” Id. at 4. 
Patent Owner contends “Petitioner’s argument and reliance on this newly 
submitted document demonstrate that its abandonment of the anticipation 
theory of the petition and improper pivot to an (unpled) obviousness theory 
is complete” and “[t]o the extent such argument and evidence is considered 
at all, it should only be to confirm the petition failed to demonstrate 
Grigoriadis, alone or properly viewed in combination with Auchus, satisfies 
each element of the challenged claims.” Id. at 4–5. 
Patent Owner argues that any portion of Exhibit 1044 “that introduces 
new art and arguments necessary for Petitioner’s prima facie case should 
also be excluded for being untimely and not relevant to the pled anticipation 
theory,” including paragraphs 24, 30–33, 42, 44, 45, 54–65, 68–71, and 81–
103 of Exhibit 1044. PO Mot. Exclude 5–6. 

--- Page 19 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
19 
 
Petitioner’s response 
Petitioner responds that Patent Owner’s argument that Exhibit 1043 
and portions of Exhibit 1044 “should be excluded as ‘untimely and improper 
new argument and evidence not relevant to the petition case’ [] violates the 
Board’s procedures by cloaking arguments about scope of reply in a motion 
to exclude.” Pet. Opp. Mot. Exclude 8. Accordingly, Petitioner contends 
that the Board should deny Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude. Id. 
Petitioner also argues that the Board should deny Patent Owner’s 
Motion to Exclude on the merits because Petitioner “cited to Exhibit 1043 
once in its Reply as further evidence—‘[c]onsistent with Auchus’—that the 
administration of crinecerfont substantially reduced 17-OHP in CAH 
patients” and to “simply refute[] Patent Owner’s (irrelevant[]) argument that 
Auchus’ ACTH and 17-OHP reductions from baseline for Cohort 4 were not 
statistically significant.” Pet. Opp. Mot. Exclude 9–10 (emphasis and 
footnote omitted, citing Pet. Reply 20–21; Ex. 1043, 5, Fig. 1; Ex. 1044 
¶¶ 31–45; PO Resp. 46–47). Petitioner contends Patent Owner fails to 
explain how any paragraphs of Exhibit 1044 are “outside the scope of proper 
reply” because “[e]ven a cursory look at Patent Owner’s parenthetical 
citations shows that all of Dr. Cutler’s explanations rebut Patent Owner’s 
arguments.” Id. at 11 (citing PO Mot. Exclude 6; Ex. 1044 ¶¶ 23–24, 30–33, 
42, 44–45, 54–65, 68–71, 81–103). 
 
 
Patent Owner’s reply 
Patent Owner responds that its Motion to Exclude is not limited to the 
issue of improper reply brief scope, but instead seeks to exclude evidence 
that goes “to an unpled obviousness theory” that has “no tendency to make 

--- Page 20 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
20 
the pled inherent anticipation theory more or less probable” and fails “to 
support facts ‘of consequence in determining the action’ as required by FRE 
401.” PO Reply Mot. Exclude 3. Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s 
Opposition does not demonstrate otherwise because it “never squarely deals 
with the lack of relevance to its petition case” and “doesn’t grapple with 
testimony of Dr. Cutler that clearly illustrates the improper abandonment of 
its anticipation theory.” Id. Patent Owner disagrees that Exhibit 1043 and 
the portions of Exhibit 1044 it seeks to exclude rebut Dr. Dobs because 
Dr. Cutler repeatedly agrees with Dr. Dobs and “pivot[s] to different and 
unpled arguments and theories.” Id. at 4 (citing Ex. 1044 ¶ 33). 
 
 
Analysis 
As an initial matter, our reasoning and conclusions in this Decision do 
not rely upon Exhibit 1043, nor do we cite to it in our analysis. We 
consequently dismiss as moot Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Exhibit 
1043. 
With respect to the cited paragraphs of Exhibit 1044, paragraphs 24, 
30–33, 42, 44, 45, 54–65, and 68–71 are part of a direct response to the 
testimony of Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Dobs, with respect to the 
Grigoriadis reference and to Dr. Carey’s expert opinion regarding that 
reference. As such, they are relevant under Fed R. Evid. 401 to the 
responsive arguments made by Patent Owner in this case. With respect to 
Patent Owner’s argument that these paragraphs “introduce[] new art and 
arguments necessary for Petitioner’s prima facie case [and] should also be 
excluded for being untimely and not relevant to the pled anticipation 
theory,” Patent Owner provides no specific details as to precisely how the 

--- Page 21 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
21 
challenged paragraphs are untimely or irrelevant. See PO Mot. Exclude 5–6. 
Regardless, because we find the challenged paragraphs are responsive to 
Patent Owner’s evidence and because “the introduction of new evidence in 
the course of the trial is to be expected in inter partes review trial 
proceedings,” we are not persuaded that the challenged paragraphs are 
untimely and irrelevant. See Genzyme Therapeutic Prod. Ltd. P’ship v. 
Biomarin Pharm. Inc., 825 F.3d 1360, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
Challenged paragraphs 81–103 of Exhibit 1044, directly relate to 
Dr. Cutler’s rebuttal of Dr. Dobs’ argument that the prior art teaches that all 
CRF1 receptor antagonists could be used to treat CAH, or achieve ACTH or 
17-OHP reductions of at least 10% from baseline. As such, they form a 
coherent part of Petitioner’s argument in reply to Patent Owner’s evidence. 
They are consequently relevant to the issues in this case and, particularly, to 
the issue of whether the challenged claims have sufficient written descriptive 
support in the ’908 Specification, which is dispositive of this post-grant 
review. Patent Owner has not sufficiently shown how the challenged 
paragraphs are irrelevant under Rule 401, or how, by failing to exclude 
them, Patent Owner’s case is unduly prejudiced and its motion is, in this 
respect, denied. 
 
 
Summary 
For the reasons we have explained in the preceding sections, we deny 
Patent Owner’s motion to exclude Exhibit 1005, we dismiss as moot Patent 
Owner’s Motion to Exclude Exhibit 1043, and we deny Patent Owner 
Motion to Exclude paragraphs 20–33, 42, 44, 45, 52–65, 68–72, 74, 77, 78, 
and 81–103 of Exhibit 1044. 

--- Page 22 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
22 
 
Petitioner’s Motion to Strike 
 
Petitioner’s arguments 
Petitioner moves to strike Exhibits 2020–2026. Pet. Mot. Strike 1. 
Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s submission of Exhibits 2020–2026 
“violates 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b) and warrants exclusion of Exhibits 2020–
2026.” Id. at 2. Petitioner argues that while Patent Owner alleged Petitioner 
has “unclean hands” for failing to disclose the exhibits to the Board, none of 
the exhibits “are relevant to any issue in this proceeding,” so Petitioner “was 
not obligated to disclose them to the Board.” Id. 
According to Petitioner, “Exhibit 2020 is inventors’ oaths”; “Exhibits 
2021 and 2024 are filing receipts submitted in connection with Neurocrine’s 
patent applications”; “Exhibits 2022 and 2025 are Information Disclosure 
Statements listing the Grigoriadis reference”; “Exhibit 2023 is a Preliminary 
Amendment”; and “Exhibit 2026 is a Reply to a Restriction Requirement.” 
Pet. Mot. Strike 2–3. Petitioner contends that these exhibits are not relevant 
because “merely listing a reference in an IDS is not an admission of 
anything,” “[t]hese exhibits contain no discussion of Grigoriadis, and do not 
distinguish the pending claims from Grigoriadis,” and the fact that it “filed 
these applications is also no admission that ‘these differences matter 
critically.’” Id. at 3. Petitioner contends its “pending claims are different 
than Grigoriadis’ disclosure of administrating crinecerfont as a CRF1 
receptor antagonist useful to treat CAH, and the inherent result of that 
administration (reducing ACTH, 17-OHP, and/or A4 levels in a human).” 
Id. at 3–4. 
 

--- Page 23 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
23 
 
Analysis 
Patent Owner’s Exhibits 2020–2026 play no part in our reasoning and 
were not relied upon by the Board in reaching our Decision. Petitioner’s 
Motion to strike Exhibits 2020–2026 is therefore dismissed as moot. 
 
IV. ANALYSIS 
 
Eligibility for Post-Grant Review 
The post-grant review provisions set forth in Section 6(d) of the AIA 
apply only to patents subject to the first-inventor-to-file provisions of the 
AIA. See AIA § 6(f)(2)(A) (“The amendments made by subsection (d) … 
shall apply only to patents described in section 3(n)(1).”). Patents subject to 
the first-inventor-to-file provisions are those that issue from applications 
“that contain[] or contained at any time … a claim to a claimed invention 
that has an effective filing date as defined in section 100(i) of title 35, United 
States Code, that is on or after” March 16, 2013. Id. § 3(n)(1). Our rules 
require that each petitioner for post-grant review certify that the challenged 
patent has an effective filing date that renders the patent available for 
post-grant review. 37 C.F.R. § 42.204(a) (“The petitioner must certify that 
the patent for which review is sought is available for post-grant review.”). 
In addition, “[a] petition for a post-grant review may only be filed not later 
than the date that is 9 months after the date of the grant of the patent or of 
the issuance of a reissue patent (as the case may be).” 35 U.S.C. § 321(c); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.202(a) (accord). 
Petitioner states the following: 
Neurocrine certifies that the ’908 Patent is available for PGR. 
The present petition is being filed within nine months of the 
issuance of the ’908 patent on December 1, 2020. Neurocrine 

--- Page 24 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
24 
has not filed a civil action challenging the validity of any claim 
of the ’908 patent. Neurocrine is not barred or estopped from 
requesting this review challenging claims 1–25 on the below-
identified grounds. 
Pet. 3. 
On this record, we determine that the ’908 patent is eligible for 
post-grant review. Specifically, the application leading to the ’908 patent 
was filed on April 18, 2019, and claims priority to a previously filed PCT 
application and a provisional application, the first of which was filed on 
August 14, 2017. Ex. 1001, codes (22, 60, 63). All of these dates fall after 
March 16, 2013. Also, this Petition was filed on May 28, 2021, which is 
within nine months subsequent to the December 1, 2020, issue date of the 
’908 patent. Id. at code (45). 
 
 
Claim Construction 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard that would be 
used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). See 
37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2020). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally 
given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 
415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). “In determining the 
meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic 
evidence of record, examining the claim language itself, the written 
description, and the prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. 
v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) 
(citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–17). Extrinsic evidence is “less significant 
than the intrinsic record in determining ‘the legally operative meaning of 

--- Page 25 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
25 
claim language.’” Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1317 (quoting C.R. Bard, Inc. v. U.S. 
Surgical Corp., 388 F.3d 858, 862 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
Petitioner proposed constructions for the claim terms “baseline/from 
baseline,” “human,” “maintained at a reduced level post 24 hours,” and 
“administered 4 hours prior to sleeping.” Pet. 23–28. Patent Owner 
responded that, of these claim terms, the Board need only construe the claim 
term “from baseline” for the purposes of institution. Prelim. Resp. 19–20 
(citing Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 
1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017)). We concluded that we need only construe the 
claim term “from baseline” as part of our decision granting institution of 
post-grant review. Dec. Inst. 8. We construed the claim language reciting 
“reduced by at least 10% from baseline” as meaning “a reduction of at least 
10% in the level of ACTH (claim 1) or 17-OHP (claim 11) compared to 
measurements of ACTH or 17-OHP made prior to, and/or at the beginning 
of, administration of the drug.” Id. at 11. 
After the oral argument, we concluded that our construction of “from 
baseline” was inadequate because “the endocrine hormonal system 
controlling release of adrenocorticotropic hormone (‘ACTH’) and 17-
hydroxprogesterone (‘17-OHP’) is not in a physiological steady state, but is 
rather subject to a circadian rhythmicity.” Paper 58, 2. We “construe[d] the 
claim term ‘baseline’ to mean ‘a series of samples taken from an untreated 
patient with CAH, prior to treatment at intervals that are time-matched to the 
sampling intervals to be taken from the patient treated with either a CRF1 
receptor antagonist or placebo.’” Id. at 3. We stated our proposed new 
construction at oral argument and offered the parties an opportunity to 
express their views on this construction. Id. at 4. We authorized both 

--- Page 26 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
26 
parties “to submit briefing upon this new proposed construction as it relates 
to Grounds 1–3” of this proceeding and “to submit an opposition to the other 
party’s arguments.” Id. Both Petitioner (Paper 60) and Patent Owner (Paper 
61) filed additional briefing on claim construction and Oppositions (Papers 
62 and 63, respectively) to the opposing party’s additional briefing. 
Given our conclusion below that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 112(a) as lacking written descriptive 
support, we determine that no claim construction by the Board is necessary 
to resolve the dispute at issue here. 
 
 
A Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
typically possess a medical degree or a Ph.D. in a field related to 
endocrinology, and would have knowledge of hormone regulation and 
disorders, as well as knowledge of the treatment regimens employed to treat 
such disorders. Pet. 60 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶ 34). Petitioner argues that such a 
person of ordinary skill would also have at least three years of experience 
conducting research concerning endocrine disorders, including CAH or other 
adrenal disorders. Id. 
Patent Owner does not expressly contest this definition of a person of 
ordinary skill in the art in its Response. Because we find Petitioner’s 
definition to be consistent with the demonstrable level of skill in the art (see, 
e.g., Exs. 1009, 1025, 2003, 2004, 2005), and in the absence of a different 
proposed definition of the level of skill in the art by Patent Owner, we adopt 
Petitioner’s definition. 
 

--- Page 27 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
27 
 
Principles of Law 
 
Burden of Proof 
To prevail in this post-grant review of the challenged claims, 
Petitioner must prove unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence. 
35 U.S.C. § 326(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). Petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the challenged claims are unpatentable. 
See Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
This burden of persuasion never shifts to the patent owner. See Dynamic 
Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 
2015) (discussing the burden of proof in inter partes review). 
 
 
Written Description 
The test for written description support is “whether the disclosure of 
the application relied upon reasonably conveys to those skilled in the art that 
the inventor had possession of the claimed subject matter as of the filing 
date” based on an “objective inquiry into the four corners of the 
specification.” Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1351 
(Fed. Cir. 2010) (en banc). The written description requirement is satisfied 
when the specification “set[s] forth enough detail to allow a person of 
ordinary skill in the art to understand what is claimed and to recognize that 
the inventor invented what is claimed.” Univ. of Rochester v. G.D. Searle & 
Co., 358 F.3d 916, 928 (Fed. Cir. 2004). 
The written description inquiry is a question of fact, is context-
specific, and must be determined on a case-by-case basis. Ariad Pharms., 
598 F.3d at 1351 (citing Ralston Purina Co. v. Far-Mar-Co, Inc., 772 F.2d 
1570, 1575 (Fed. Cir. 1985); Capon v. Eshhar, 418 F.3d 1349, 1357–58 

--- Page 28 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
28 
(Fed. Cir. 2005)). “[T]he level of detail required to satisfy the written 
description requirement varies depending on the nature and scope of the 
claims and on the complexity and predictability of the relevant technology.” 
Id. (citing Capon, 418 F.3d at 1357–58). Factors used to evaluate the 
sufficiency of a disclosure include: 1) “the existing knowledge in the 
particular field”; 2) “the extent and content of the prior art”; 3) “the maturity 
of the science or technology”; and 4) “the predictability of the aspect at 
issue.” Id. (citing Capon, 418 F.3d at 1359). 
 
 
Ground 4: Claims 1–25 Lack of Written Descriptive Support 
 
Petitioner’s arguments 
Petitioner argues that the claims of the ’908 patent fail the written 
description requirement because the ’908 patent does not show possession of 
the claimed subject matter. Pet. 72. Petitioner contends that the claims are 
broad and recite methods of treating CAH that employ a “CRF1 receptor 
antagonist or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof” that reduces ACTH 
or 17-OHP by at least 10% from baseline. Id. Petitioner asserts that these 
are “functionally defined” claims that are unbounded structurally and are 
limited only by the achieved effect on ACTH and/or 17-OHP. Id. Petitioner 
points to our reviewing court’s opinion in Ariad, as requiring that the patent 
must disclose either a representative number of species or common 
structural features. Id. at 72–73 (citing Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350). 
Petitioner notes that CRF1 receptor antagonists represent a large, 
structurally diverse class of over 100 compounds, but asserts that the ’908 
patent discloses only a single CRF1 receptor antagonist, tildacerfont 
(Compound 1). Pet. 73 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 98–100). Furthermore, argues 

--- Page 29 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
29 
Petitioner, all of the Examples and clinical data in the ’908 patent relate to 
tildacerfont. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, cols. 34–47, ll. 5–58, Tables 5–8). 
Petitioner contends that the ’908 patent does not disclose the use of any 
other CRF1 receptor antagonist to treat CAH, or disclose structural features 
common to the members of the genus so that one of skill in the art could 
visualize or recognize the members of the genus. Id. at 73–74. 
 
 
Patent Owner’s arguments 
Patent Owner responds that Petitioner’s written description challenge 
fails because the ’908 patent discloses using CRF1 receptor antagonists, 
which constitute a well-known genus of compounds. PO Resp. 59–61. 
First, according to Patent Owner, the Specification “describes inventing the 
use of this known class for the treatment of CAH in a human by 
administering the antagonist to achieve a pre-defined reduction in a specified 
hormone level.” Id. at 60. Patent Owner contends “[t]he specification 
confirms that its description of using the CRF1 receptor antagonist class 
refers to a known class by explaining the class effects of this particular type 
of antagonist” such as by explaining that “CRF and its two receptor subtypes 
were well-characterized,” explaining “the differences between the receptor 
subtypes,” and explaining “the effects of using the CRF1-specific 
antagonists instead of non-specific antagonist.” Id. at 61–62 (citing 
Ex. 1001, col. 1, ll. 14–17, col. 10, ll. 47–65, col. 11, ll. 48–56, cols. 11–12, 
ll. 65–26; Ex. 2014 ¶ 87). 
Patent Owner argues further that the Specification also includes an 
exemplary embodiment using tildacerfont, which is an example of a 
particular CRF1 receptor antagonist. Id. at 62 (citing Ex. 1001, col. 14, 

--- Page 30 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
30 
ll. 15–36; Ex. 2014 ¶ 83). Patent Owner contends the Specification teaches 
administering the CRF1 antagonist “until the desired reduction in hormone 
levels (e.g., ACTH, 17-OHP, or androstenedione) is achieved” and describes 
experimental results of such a method of administering tildacerfont. Id. at 
62–63 (citing Ex. 1001, cols. 26–27, ll. 12–40, col. 34, ll. 5–12, col. 42, 
ll. 1–67, cols. 43–44, ll. 53–7, Figs. 2–4; Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 84–85). 
Second, based on testimony from the parties’ declarants and 
references submitted by Petitioner, Patent Owner argues that CRF1 receptor 
antagonists were well-known and characterized. PO Resp. 64–70. Patent 
Owner contends Dr. Carey describes CRF1 receptor antagonists and their 
effects and admits that “as of the relevant time, ‘over 100 CRF1 receptor 
antagonists had been characterized or were in clinical development prior to 
the filing of the’908 patent.’” Id. at 64–65 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 23, 99; 
Ex. 1036 ¶ 16; Ex. 2014 ¶ 81). 
Patent Owner argues further that “Dr. Dobs agrees with Drs. Carey 
and Cutler that, by the critical date, a [person of ordinary skill in the art] 
would have recognized that CRF1 receptor antagonists were a well-known 
class.” Id. at 65 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 81–86). According to Patent Owner, 
Petitioner’s references describe structural characteristics common to CRF1 
receptor antagonists, such as a core nitrogen heterocycle with an aryl 
substituent adjacent to the core nitrogen atom and a branched alkyl group 
attached at the opposite end of the core. Id. at 67–68 (citing Ex. 1018, 3, 
Fig. 1; Ex. 1029, 2, Fig. 2; Ex. 2014 ¶ 88). Patent Owner also contends 
Petitioner’s declarants and references recognize that tildacerfont is a CRF1 
receptor antagonist. Id. at 69–70 (citing Ex. 1005 ¶ 27). 

--- Page 31 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
31 
Third, Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s written description 
arguments are flawed because they are based on an erroneous legal standard. 
PO Resp. 70–75. Patent Owner argues that Petitioner incorrectly assumes 
there is a per se rule that a claim is invalid if there is only one working 
example in the specification. PO Resp. 72–73. Patent Owner contends 
Ariad states no such rule, noting that Ariad involved a patent application that 
disclosed no example of any species actually being used to achieve the 
claimed result. Id. at 73 (citing Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1356). Patent Owner 
argues that instead, as the Federal Circuit explains, “the number of species 
required to be representative decreases when there is additional information 
already available in the prior art.” Id. at 73–74 (citing Ajinomoto Co. v. Int’l 
Trade Comm’n, 932 F.3d 1342, 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2019)). 
Patent Owner contends that because the ’908 patent discloses that 
CRF1 antagonists were already known in the field, “the genus ‘was already 
well explored in the relevant art by the time of the . . . patent’s invention,’” 
such that “the specification, read in light of the background knowledge in the 
art, [provides] a representative number of species for the genus.” Id. at 74 
(citing Ajinomoto, 932 F.3d at 1359). Patent Owner argues that the 
Specification of the ’908 patent need not recite multiple structures with 
common structural features to satisfy the written description requirement 
because Petitioner does not challenge that the prior art describes known 
structures and identifies common structural features, and Petitioner does not 
identify any evidence that the disclosed working example is not 
representative of the well-known class of compounds. Id. at 74. 
 

--- Page 32 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
32 
 
Petitioner’s Reply 
Petitioner replies by noting that the Board has adopted the Director’s 
finding that “the ’908 patent claims methods encompassing a genus of 
materials achieving stated results [i.e., an at least 10% reduction in ACTH or 
17-OHP from baseline], but the specification does not disclose a variety of 
species that accomplish the results.” Pet. Reply 5 (quoting Dir. Dec. 12; 
Dec. Inst. 44–45). Petitioner asserts that the ’908 Specification discloses but 
a single species, tildacerfont (i.e., “Compound 1”), that can achieve these 
results, which it classifies as “the invention.” Id. (quoting Dir. Dec. 12). 
Petitioner argues that the Specification also “does not describe structural 
features common to all species within the genus that accomplish the claimed 
results” and fails to “distinguish effective from ineffective compounds 
among those encompassed by the broad genus of compounds so claimed.” 
Id. (quoting Dir. Dec. 13–14; Dec. Inst. 44–45). 
Turning to the merits, Petitioner first argues that the ’908 
Specification does not show possession of a class of CRF1 receptor 
antagonists for the treatment of CAH. Pet. Reply 6. Petitioner argues that 
the portions of the Specification cited by Patent Owner are silent with 
respect to whether the class of CRF1 receptor antagonists can achieve the 
claimed reductions in ACTH or 17-OHP. Id. (citing Ex. 1044 ¶¶ 86–88). 
According to Petitioner, these citations relate to the use of tildacerfont, or 
the differences between CRF receptor subtypes and the role of CRF in 
hormone regulation, or that these antagonists had been studied for other 
indications. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, col. 12, ll. 27–31, col. 1, ll. 14–17, col. 10, 
ll. 47–53–65, cols. 11–12, ll. 48–26, col. 11, ll. 57–64). Petitioner asserts 
that none of these disclosures relates to whether the Specification discloses a 

--- Page 33 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
33 
representative number of species or common structural features of CRF1 
receptor antagonists that achieve the claimed results. Id. 
Petitioner contends that there is no dispute that the Specification fails 
to disclose a representative number of species that achieve the claimed 
reductions in ACTH or 17-OHP. Pet. Reply 6. Petitioner argues that 
tildacerfont is not “an exemplary embodiment,” as Patent Owner argues, but 
is rather the only embodiment described for use with the claimed methods. 
Id. (citing PO Resp. 62, Dir. Dec. 12). Furthermore, argues Petitioner, 
Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Dobs, agrees that tildacerfont is the only 
compound disclosed by the Specification. Id. 
Additionally, Petitioner argues, the ’908 Specification describes the 
use of tildacerfont as the “present invention” or “present disclosure,” which 
Petitioner argues, is further “strong evidence” that the scope of written 
description is limited to the use of tildacerfont. Pet. Reply 7 (citing Pet. 11–
15, 70–75; SciMed Life Sys., Inc. v. Advanced Cardiovascular Sys., Inc., 242 
F.3d 1337, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2001); Gentry Gallery Inc. v. Berkline Corp., 134 
F.3d 1473, 1478–80 (Fed. Cir. 1998); In re Lew, 257 F. App’x 281, 285 
(Fed. Cir. 2007)). Petitioner argues that, contrary to Patent Owner’s 
arguments, each of these cited cases found that a patentee’s characterization 
of a feature as the “present invention” or “present disclosure” is strong 
evidence that the written description is limited to that feature. Id. 
According to Petitioner, the ’908 Specification does the same thing, defining 
Patent Owner’s invention as using tildacerfont. Id. (citing 
Pet. 11–15, 70–75). 
Petitioner next argues that the prior art did not teach a class of CRF1 
receptor antagonists that could treat CAH, or reduce ACTH or 17-OHP by at 

--- Page 34 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
34 
least 10%. Pet. Reply 7. Petitioner points to the Director’s finding, adopted 
by the Board, that Dr. Carey’s testimony that “over 100 CRF1 receptor 
antagonists had been characterized or were in clinical development prior to 
the filing of the ’908 patent” does not support claims to a class of CRF1 
receptor antagonists that can be used to treat CAH and result in the claimed 
10% reduction of ACTH or 17-OHP. Id. at 7–8 (quoting Dir. Dec. 13; Dec. 
Inst. 44–45; Ex. 1005 ¶ 99). Petitioner notes that Patent Owner has 
acknowledged that different species within the CRF1 receptor antagonist 
genus do not achieve the same results. Id. at 8 (citing Dir. Dec. 13; Prelim. 
Resp. 31–34). According to Petitioner, Patent Owner’s argument that there 
is no “per se rule” a claim is invalid if there is only one working example 
assumes is similarly faulty. Id. (citing PO Resp. 72–75). 
Petitioner points to the testimony of its expert, Dr. Cutler, who 
explains that, although the prior art discussed the possibility that CRF1 
receptor antagonists may be useful as a “new approach” to treat CAH, it did 
not provide evidence that a class of CRF1 receptor antagonists could achieve 
the claimed reductions in ACTH or 17-OHP. Pet. Reply 8 (citing Ex. 1044 
¶¶ 79–80; Ex. 1021, 130–31). Petitioner also disputes Patent Owner’s 
suggestion that Petitioner’s prior work, as reported in Grigoriadis, shows 
that Patent Owner was in possession of using the claimed genus to reduce 
ACTH or 17-OHP levels. Id. (citing PO Resp. 65). Petitioner contends that, 
if Grigoriadis’ disclosure of species of CRF1 receptor antagonists that reduce 
ACTH and 17-OHP provides written-description support for Patent Owner’s 
claims, then it must also anticipate the claims, which is the basis for Ground 
1. Id. (citing Eli Lilly & Co. v. Barr Labs., Inc., 251 F.3d 955, 971 (Fed. 
Cir. 2001)). 

--- Page 35 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
35 
Petitioner argues further that CRF1 receptor antagonists were 
previously studied for indications other than CAH, and were ineffective. Pet. 
Reply 9 (citing Ex. 1044 ¶¶ 82–85; Ex. 1030, 377–78; Ex. 1031, 24–25; 
Ex. 1040, Table 1). Petitioner points out that Patent Owner’s expert 
admitted that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that 
“antagonists of the CRF1 receptor have not demonstrated clinical utility 
despite over 30 years of research and hundreds of patents.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1029, 1065; Ex. 1038, 131–132). Petitioner argues that, in view of the 
prior art, a skilled artisan would not have thought a class of CRF1 receptor 
antagonists were useful for any indication, much less being useful to treat 
CAH, or to lower ACTH or 17-OHP by the claimed amounts. Id. Petitioner 
contends that this is particularly true because the ’908 Specification 
discloses only tildacerfont and does not provide any way “to distinguish 
effective from ineffective compounds among those encompassed by the 
broad genus so claimed.” Id. (quoting Dir. Dec. 14 (citing Idenix Pharms., 
LLC v. Gilead Sciences Inc., 941 F.3d 1149, 1165 (Fed. Cir. 2019))). 
Finally, Petitioner contends that the ’908 Specification does not 
describe common structural features of CRF1 receptor antagonists that 
achieve the claimed reductions in ACTH or 17-OHP. Pet. Reply 9 (citing 
Dir. Dec. 12–13; Dec. Inst. 44–45). Petitioner asserts that CRF1 receptor 
antagonists are defined as compounds that inhibit CRF1 receptors, not by a 
particular structure or structures. Id. at 10 (citing Ex. 1044 ¶¶ 89–92). 
Petitioner again points to the testimony of Dr. Cutler, who explains that 
compounds that interact with the CRF1 receptor can have widely diverse 
structural features. Id. Dr. Cutler opines that the broad structural features 
observed in some (but not all) CRF1 receptor antagonists would not tell a 

--- Page 36 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
36 
person of ordinary skill in this art whether any compounds in this class could 
accomplish the claimed results of reducing ACTH or 17-OHP by at least 
10% from baseline. Id. Petitioner also notes that Patent Owner’s own 
publication describes tildacerfont (the only species disclosed in the ’908 
Specification) as having “unique structural features” compared to other 
CRF1 receptor antagonists. Id. (citing Ex. 1041, 4667; Ex. 1038, 52–53). 
Petitioner notes that the generalized structure Patent Owner asserts is 
a “typical CRF1 receptor antagonist” is described in Williams5 as one 
subclass of CRF1 receptor antagonists, i.e., not reflective of the entire class. 
Pet. Reply 10 (citing Ex. 1029, 2, Fig. 2; Ex. 1038, 122–123). Petitioner 
argues that Williams does not disclose that any of the antagonists falling 
within Figure 2’s generalized structure could lower ACTH or 17-OHP, but 
refers to these compounds as having “less-than-optimal physicochemical 
properties.” Id. at 10–11 (citing Ex. 1029, 2). Furthermore, argues 
Petitioner, Williams also reports other CRF1 receptor antagonist subclasses 
that do not have the same structural features as Figure 2. Id. at 11 (citing 
Ex. 1029, Figs. 1 (compounds 1, 4), 6, 11; Ex. 1044 ¶¶ 95–99). Petitioner 
also notes that, at her deposition, Patent Owner’s expert admitted she is not a 
chemist and did not know whether other CRF1 receptor antagonists disclosed 
in Williams were encompassed by Figure 2. Id. (citing Ex. 1038, 125–126: 
129–130). According to Petitioner, Dr. Dobs also admitted that other CRF1 
receptor antagonists disclosed by Williams have different structures from 
that shown in Figure 2. Id. (citing Ex. 1038, 130–131). 
 
5 J.P. Williams, Corticotropin-Releasing Factor 1 Receptor Antagonists: A 
Patent Review, 23(8) EXPERT OPIN. THER. PATENTS 23(8) 1057–1068 
(2013) (“Williams”) Ex. 1029. 

--- Page 37 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
37 
Similarly, Petitioner argues, Fahmy6 does not describe structural 
features of CRF1 receptor antagonists that could reduce ACTH or 17-OHP 
from baseline. Pet. Reply 11 (citing Ex. 1044 ¶¶ 100–02). Rather, 
Petitioner contends, Fahmy provides a general structure that encompasses a 
large number of compounds, without providing any information on what 
features are important for CAH treatment or ACTH or 17-OHP reduction. 
Id. (citing Ex. 1018, 3, Fig. 1; Ex. 1044 ¶¶ 100–102). According to 
Petitioner, Fahmy also discloses antagonists falling outside the structure of 
Figure 1, and provides no way to distinguish compounds that are effective to 
reduce ACTH or 17-OHP. Id. (citing Ex. 1018, 7–8, Figs. 11–12; Ex. 1044 
¶¶ 100–102; Ex. 1038, 132–134). Furthermore, argues Petitioner, Chen7 
discloses a list of 24 potential indications for CRF1 receptor antagonists, but 
does not identify any structural features of antagonists useful to treat CAH 
or achieve the claimed reductions in ACTH or 17-OHP. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1012, col. 2, ll. 10–62). 
Consequently, Petitioner contends, neither the ’908 Specification nor 
the prior art discloses a representative number of species or common 
structural features of CRF1 receptor antagonists that achieve the claimed 
results. Pet. Reply 12. 
 
 
6 H. Fahmy, Structure and Function of Small Non-Peptide CRF Antagonists 
and their Potential Clinical Use, 10(4) CURRENT MOL. PHARMACOL. 
 270–281 (2017) (“Fahmy”) Ex. 1018. 
 
7 Chen et al. (US 8,030,304 B2, October 4, 2011) (“Chen”) Ex. 1012. 

--- Page 38 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
38 
 
Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply 
Patent Owner replies that Petitioner attacks the prior art as not 
demonstrating a 10% reduction from baseline and attacks the ’908 
Specification, which demonstrates a 10% reduction from baseline, for not 
repeating structural features already provided in the prior art. PO Sur-Reply 
19. However, Patent Owner contends, Petitioner fails to address the 
adequacy of the Specification in view of the knowledge provided in the prior 
art. Id. at 19–20. 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner and its expert, Dr. Cutler, 
acknowledged that the ’908 Specification discloses CRF1 receptor 
antagonists as a known class. PO Sur-Reply 20 (citing Pet. Reply 6; 
Ex. 1044, ¶ 87). According to Patent Owner, Dr. Cutler never retracted his 
and Dr. Carey’s testimony that CRF1 receptor antagonists were a well-
known and characterized class. Id. (citing PO Resp. 7; Ex. 1005, ¶¶ 23, 24, 
Ex. 2014, ¶¶ 19, 80–82). Patent Owner therefore contends that Petitioner 
has failed to prove the inventors lacked constructive possession of the class 
at the critical date. Id. 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s contention that a method patent 
using a known class must itself list out the “species or common structural 
features” of the class even when structural features of the class already were 
well-known. PO Sur-Reply 20 (citing Pet. Reply 1, 4–6, 9–12). To the 
contrary, Patent Owner argues, a patent identifying a well-known class need 
not repeat structural information that was already known and available in the 
prior art. Id. at 20–21 (citing PO Resp. 66, 73–75). 
Nor, Patent Owner argues, does Petitioner dispute the well-known 
class of CRF1 receptor antagonists was characterized structurally in the prior 

--- Page 39 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
39 
art. PO Sur-Reply 21. Rather, argues Patent Owner, Petitioner does not 
contest that there was a known structure-activity relationship for CRF1 
receptor antagonists, that the basic pharmacophore for inhibition had been 
defined, or that the inventors were already in at least constructive possession 
of the class. Id. Instead, Patent Owner contends, Petitioner argues that 
exceptions exist. Id. (citing Pet. Reply 10–11). However, Patent Owner 
argues, the law does not require that there be structural features ubiquitous to 
the class; the law requires structural features common to the class. Id. 
(citing Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350). According to Patent Owner, Petitioner’s 
own evidence establishes such features had been identified. Id. (citing PO 
Resp. 64–70). 
According to Patent Owner, Petitioner argues that a post-critical date 
publication explains that second-generation CRF1 antagonists have lower 
lipophilicity and volume of distribution to improve solubility, resulting in 
more predictable pharmacokinetic properties. PO Sur-Reply 21 (citing Pet. 
Reply 10 (citing Ex. 1041, 4667; Ex. 1038, 52–53)). However, argues 
Patent Owner, Petitioner identifies no evidence that the pharmacodynamic 
ability of CRF1 receptor antagonists is absent from the class; to the contrary, 
Patent Owner notes, Dr. Cutler testified the opposite was true. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1044 ¶ 23; Ex. 2027, 73). Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner’s own 
evidence demonstrates art-recognized structural characterization, including 
identification of structural features common to the class. Id. at 22. 
Patent Owner next argues that the ’908 Specification provides a 
method of identifying effective compounds in the class. PO Sur-Reply 22. 
According to Patent Owner, Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Cutler, testified that a 
14-day oral dosing protocol was able to identify whether a CRF1 receptor 

--- Page 40 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
40 
antagonist reduces ACTH or 17-OHP by at least 10% from baseline as 
required by the claims. Id. (citing Ex. 2027, 18–21). Patent Owner states 
that Dr. Cutler also testified that determining a therapeutic effect of CRF1 
receptor antagonists was well within the level of ordinary skill in the art. Id. 
(citing Ex. 2027, 75–76). Patent Owner notes that the ’908 Specification 
discloses the claimed reduction during the 14-day dosing trial protocol. Id. 
(citing PO Resp. 34–35, 60–64; Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 43, 83–84; Ex. 1001, 
cols. 14–15, ll. 60–11, cols. 26–27, ll. 12–40, cols. 39–40, ll. 9–21, col. 43, 
ll. 58–59, Fig. 2, cols. 42–44, ll. 1–67; Ex. 1041, Fig. 5). 
Patent Owner notes that although Dr. Cutler points to the 14-day 
dosing protocol as disclosed in Auchus, Auchus in fact borrowed the 
protocol that Patent Owner published. PO Sur-Reply 23. According to 
Patent Owner, if Auchus is probative of anything in this case, it is evidence 
corroborating written description support in the ’908 Specification. Id. 
(citing Amgen Inc. v. Sanofi, 872 F.3d 1367, 1374 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (holding 
that “post-priority-date evidence of a particular species” can bear on whether 
the disclosure is representative)). 
Patent Owner next disputes Petitioner’s argument that the ’908 
Specification says nothing about whether the class can achieve the claimed 
reductions in ACTH or 17-OHP and “define[s]” the invention as limited to 
using tildacerfont. PO Sur-Reply 23 (citing Reply 6–7). Patent Owner 
argues that the Specification explains that: (1) CRF binding to CRF1 receptor 
triggers ACTH release, causing downstream 17-OHP production; (2) CRF1 
receptor antagonists are biologically-active small molecules that bind CRF1 
receptor; and (3) they treat CAH by reducing production of ACTH and 17-
OHP by antagonizing CRF-CRF1 receptor binding, and that tildacerfont is 

--- Page 41 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
41 
one embodiment of that genus. Id. at 23–24 (citing PO Resp. 72, 78; 
Ex. 1001, cols. 11–12, ll. 49–26, col. 12, ll. 27–30). 
Patent Owner contends that, contrary to Petitioner’s arguments, it is 
the dosing protocol that is material to the results for CRF1 receptor 
antagonism and that Grigoriadis does not disclose a method that inherently 
achieves the claimed results. PO Sur-Reply 24. Patent Owner argues that 
Petitioner has failed to prove Grigoriadis’ (1) generic mention of 
crinecerfont (no real method) or (2) a flawed single-dose verucerfont study 
achieves a 10% reduction from baseline—that provides no evidence that 
Patent Owner’s examples were unrepresentative. Id. Patent Owner asserts 
that even prior art disclosure that the class of CRF1 receptor antagonists are 
useful in CAH would not constitute an anticipatory disclosure of using them 
in a manner specifically to achieve an at least 10% reduction from baseline. 
Id. 
Finally, Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s arguments that some 
CRF receptor antagonists have been ineffective for indications such as 
alcoholism, anxiety and depression are irrelevant, because these studies are, 
as admitted by Petitioner’s expert, unrelated to the treatment of CAH. Id. at 
25 (citing Pet. Reply 9; Ex. 1044 ¶ 82, Ex. 2027, 103–106). Patent Owner 
notes that Dr. Cutler also admitted that there is no reason a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would expect or require that a CAH treatment also 
would be effective for depression, anxiety, or alcoholism. Id. (citing 
Ex. 2027, 39–40, 46–50). 
Patent Owner concludes that Petitioner has not presented any 
evidence demonstrating a failed CRF1 receptor antagonist studied for CAH 
treatment, and that Petitioner’s expert testified that it was known in the prior 

--- Page 42 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
42 
art that there is a therapeutically effective dose for any CRF1 receptor 
antagonist. PO Sur-Reply 25–26 (citing Ex. 1044 ¶ 23; Ex. 2027, 73). 
 
 
Analysis 
The written description requirement of Section 112(a) requires that: 
The specification shall contain a written description of the 
invention, and of the manner and process of making and using it, 
in such full, clear, concise, and exact terms as to enable any 
person skilled in the art to which it pertains, or with which it is 
most nearly connected, to make and use the same, and shall set 
forth the best mode contemplated by the inventor or joint 
inventor of carrying out the invention. 
35 U.S.C. § 112(a). In Regents of the University of California v. Eli Lilly & 
Co., our reviewing court held that an adequate written description of genetic 
material “‘requires a precise definition, such as by structure, formula, 
chemical name, or physical properties,’ not a mere wish or plan for 
obtaining the claimed chemical invention.” 119 F.3d 1559, 1566 (Fed. Cir. 
1997) (quoting Fiers v. Revel, 984 F.2d 1164, 1171 (Fed. Cir. 1993)). 
In University of Rochester v. G.D. Searle & Co., the Federal Circuit 
held that this standard also applies to all inventions, including proteins and 
other biological compounds: 
We see no reason for the rule to be any different when non-
genetic materials are at issue; in fact, where there might be some 
basis for finding a written description requirement to be satisfied 
in a genetics case based on the complementariness of a nucleic 
acid and, for example, a protein, that correspondence might be 
less clear in a non-genetic situation. 
358 F.3d 916, 925 (Fed. Cir. 2004). We consequently apply herein the 
standard set forth in Regents to our written description analysis. 

--- Page 43 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
43 
Independent claims 1 and 11 of the ’908 patent both recite, in relevant 
part, “[a] method of treating congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) in a 
human comprising administering to the human a therapeutically-effective 
amount of a CRF1 receptor antagonist or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt 
thereof.” There is no dispute that the ’908 Specification names but a single 
CRF1 receptor antagonist, Compound 1 (i.e., tildacerfont). The ’908 patent 
characterizes Compound 1 as being “3-(4-Chloro-2-(morpholin-4-yl)thiazol-
5-yl)-7-(1-ethylpropyl)-2,5-dimethylpyrazolo(1,5-α) pyrimidine.” Ex. 1001, 
col. 1, ll. 31–33. The ’908 Specification also repeatedly provides a 
structural formula for Compound 1: 
 
Compound 1 (tildacerfont) of the ’908 Specification 
See, e.g., id. at col. 1, ll. 40–54. Consequently, the ’908 Specification 
provides ample description of Compound 1. 
However, challenged independent claims 1 and 11 are not restricted to 
Compound 1, but recite “a therapeutically-effective amount of a CRF1 
receptor antagonist” (emphasis added), which encompasses not only 
Compound 1, but essentially, all members of the genus of CRF1 receptor 
antagonists that reduce the level of ACTH (claim 1) or 17-OHP (claim 11) in 
a human “by at least 10% from baseline.” See, e.g., Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1341. 

--- Page 44 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
44 
“[A]n adequate written description of a claimed genus requires more 
than a generic statement of an invention’s boundaries.” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 
1349 (citing Regents, 119 F.3d at 1568). Rather: 
[A] sufficient description of a genus instead requires the 
disclosure of either a representative number of species falling 
within the scope of the genus or structural features common to 
the members of the genus so that one of skill in the art can 
“visualize or recognize” the members of the genus. 
Id. at 1350 (citing Regents, 119 F.3d at 1568–69). Moreover, “an adequate 
written description requires a precise definition, such as by structure, 
formula, chemical name, physical properties, or other properties, of species 
falling within the genus sufficient to distinguish the genus from other 
materials.” Id. (citing Regents, 119 F.3d at 1568 (quoting Fiers v. Revel, 
984 F.2d 1164, 1171 (Fed. Cir. 1993))). Furthermore, “functional claim 
language can meet the written description requirement when the art has 
established a correlation between structure and function.” Id. (citing Enzo 
Biochem, Inc. v. Gen-Probe Inc., 323 F.3d 956, 964 (Fed. Cir. 2002) 
(quoting 66 Fed. Reg. 1099 (Jan. 5, 2001))). However, “merely drawing a 
fence around the outer limits of a purported genus is not an adequate 
substitute for describing a variety of materials constituting the genus and 
showing that one has invented a genus and not just a species.” Id. 
Given the large number of CRF1 receptor antagonists with varying 
structures and effectiveness (see Ex. 1018, 270–271; Ex. 1029, 1065), the 
’908 Specification’s disclosure of a single species of CRF1 receptor 
antagonists, i.e., Compound 1, therefore fails, on its face, to meet Ariad’s 
requirement that the Specification disclose “a representative number of 
species falling within the scope of the genus or structural features common 

--- Page 45 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
45 
to the members of the genus so that one of skill in the art can ‘visualize or 
recognize’ the members of the genus.” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350. 
Although the ’908 Specification does not expressly disclose “a 
representative number of species falling within the scope of the genus or 
structural features common to the members of the genus so that one of skill 
in the art can ‘visualize or recognize’ the members of the genus,” the larger 
test for the sufficiency of Section 112’s written description requirement is 
whether the disclosure of the application relied upon reasonably conveys to 
those skilled in the art that the inventor had possession of the claimed 
subject matter as of the filing date. Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1351 (citing Vas–
Cath Inc. v. Mahurkar, 935 F.2d 1555, 1562–63 (Fed. Cir. 1991) (quoting 
Ralston Purina Co. v. Far–Mar–Co, Inc., 772 F.2d 1570, 1575 
(Fed. Cir. 1985))). For generic claims, the Federal Circuit has set forth a 
number of factors for evaluating the adequacy of the disclosure, including 
“the existing knowledge in the particular field, the extent and content of the 
prior art, the maturity of the science or technology, [and] the predictability 
of the aspect at issue.” Capon, 418 F.3d at 1359. 
In other words, the question is whether a person of ordinary skill 
would, given the factors set forth in Capon, recognize from the disclosures 
of the ’908 Specification the “structure, formula, chemical name, physical 
properties, or other properties, of species falling within the claimed genus” 
of CRF1 receptor antagonists. Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350. Alternatively, 
because the claimed genus is characterized in the language of the claims by 
what it does (i.e., reduces the level of ACTH or 17-OHP by at least 10% 
from baseline), would a person of skill in the art recognize that the art has 
established a recognizable correlation between the structure of the claimed 

--- Page 46 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
46 
genus and its claimed function in reducing the level of ACTH or 17-OHP by 
at least 10% from baseline? See Enzo, 323 F.3d at 964. 
In arguing that the ’908 Specification meets this requirement, despite 
the Specification’s silence with respect to defining the claimed genus of 
CRF1 receptor antagonists, Patent Owner contends that a person of ordinary 
skill would recognize the genus claimed by the ’908 patent by either test. 
PO Resp. 67–68. In support of this argument, Patent Owner relies upon 
Fahmy and Williams. Id. 
The Fahmy reference is a review of small non-peptide CRF 
antagonists, with an emphasis upon their clinical relevance and with 
emphasis on those members that showed great promise or those that were 
advanced to clinical trials. Ex. 1018, Abstr. Fahmy teaches that dysfunction 
of the CRF system has often been correlated with anxiety or symptoms 
closely-related to anxiety, and to various diseases such as major depression, 
anxiety, eating disorders and drug addiction. Id. at 271. Fahmy also notes 
that CRF may be involved in the stress-induced relapse and the anxiety-like 
behaviors observed during acute drug withdrawal and drug addiction. Id. 
Fahmy makes only a single mention of using CRF1 receptor antagonists in 
the treatment of CAH, noting that verucerfont, a CRF1 receptor antagonist 
related to tildacerfont, “is under investigation as a possible treatment for the 
typical congenital adrenal hyperplasia.” Id. at 276. The comparative 
structures of tildacerfont and verucerfont are depicted below: 

--- Page 47 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
47 
 
Comparative structures of tildacerfont (right) and 
verucerfont (left) 
Ex. 1001, col. 1, ll. 40–51; Ex. 1018, 276. 
Fahmy teaches that both peptide and non-peptide CRF receptor 
antagonists are known in the art, although, due to the peptide nature of the 
former, their physical properties posed a boundary for their use in clinical 
settings.8 Ex. 1018, 272. Therefore, Fahmy teaches, non-peptide 
antagonists have been pursued as a better alternative. Id. Fahmy teaches 
that “[h]undreds of accounts of small molecule antagonists have appeared in 
the literature and the preclinical and clinical pharmacology have been 
reported for many of these agents,” and that “[t]he main research into CRF 
antagonists to date has focused on non-peptide CRF1 receptor antagonists to 
target health problems arising as a result of chronic stress and thus as 
potential treatment options for anxiety-related and stress-related disorders.” 
Ex. 1018, 272. Fahmy also teaches that “[s]everal classes of small molecule 
 
8 Fahmy teaches that peptides acting as selective agonists and antagonists for 
CRF1 and CRF2 receptors include the peptides astressin and anti-
sauvagine1-30. Ex. 1018, 272. Presumably, the difficulties in employing 
peptidergic CRF1 receptor antagonists relates to the obstacle posed in 
crossing the blood brain barrier. 

--- Page 48 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
48 
non-peptide CRF receptor antagonists have been synthesized and many are 
commonly used in research.” Id. Fahmy further discloses that “[t]he 
synthesis of more non-peptide CRF1 receptor antagonists with [] diverse 
structure scaffolds as well as further clinical investigations may shed more 
light on how CRF is implicated in mental disorders.” Id. 
More specifically, Fahmy teaches that: 
The relationship between structures of non-peptide CRF1 
antagonists and their affinity to CRF1 receptors indicates that 
CRF1 antagonists are typically built of three moieties: a 
hydrophobic moiety up, a proton accepting moiety in the middle, 
and an aromatic moiety down. Thus the basic pharmacophore is 
proposed to be made of a monocyclic or bicyclic heterocyclic 
ring carrying a hydrophobic dialkylamino group on one flank and 
an aryl ring, usually substituted at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions, on 
the opposite flank. Having the aromatic ring orthogonal to the 
heterocyclic core appears to be essential for the affinity. A 
methyl group on the heterocyclic core also appears to enhance 
the CRF1 antagonist properties (Fig. 1). 
Ex. 1018, 272 (internal citations omitted). Figure 1 of Fahmy, reproduced 
below, illustrates that the X-ray structure of several non-peptide CRF1 
antagonists confirms these characteristics that are required for optimum CRF 
receptor binding affinity: 

--- Page 49 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
49 
 
Figure 1 of Fahmy depicts the structure of the pharmacophore 
of CRF1 antagonists 
Fahmy teaches that, based on the number of rings in the heterocyclic 
core ring system, small molecule CRF1 receptor antagonists can be classified 
to the following classes: (1) monocyclic; (2) bicyclic; and (3) tricyclic CRF1 
receptor antagonists. Ex. 1018, 272–276. The first category, monocyclic 
CRF1 receptor antagonists, can be further sub-classified, based upon the 
nature of the central ring structure, into: (a) pyrazines; (b) pyridines; (c) 
pyrimidines; and (d) thiazoles. Id. at 272–274. Examples of each of these 
sub-classifications taught by Fahmy are depicted below: 

--- Page 50 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
50 
 
Illustrations from Figures 2–5 of Fahmy depicting examples of 
(from left to right), pyrazine (NGD-98-2), pyridine (CP-
316311), pyrimidine (CRA1000) and thiazole (SSR125543A) 
monocyclic CRF1 receptor antagonists 
Similarly, bicyclic CRF1 receptor antagonists can be subdivided into: 
(a) pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidines; (b) pyrazolo[1,5-α]1,3,5-triazines; (c) 
pyrazolo[1,5-α]pyrimidines; and (d) imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazines. 
Ex. 1018, 274–276. Examples of each of these sub-classes are depicted in 
Fahmy, and selected examples are reproduced below: 
 
Illustrations from Figures 6–8 and 10 of Fahmy depicting 
examples of (from left to right), pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidine 
(Antalarmin), pyrazolo[1,5-α]1,3,5-triazine (DMP-696), 
pyrazolo[1,5-α]pyrimidine (NBI-30775) and imidazo [1,2-b] 
pyridazine (MTIP) bicyclic CRF1 receptor antagonists 

--- Page 51 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
51 
Fahmy also teaches that tricyclic CRF1 receptor antagonists can be 
sub-classified into: (a) triazaacenaphthylenes; and (b) 
tetraazaacenaphthylenes. Ex. 1018, 276–277. Fahmy illustrates examples of 
each, which are reproduced below: 
 
Illustrations from Figures 11 and 12 of Fahmy depicting 
examples of (from left to right), triazaacenaphthylene 
(unlabeled) and tetraazaacenaphthylene (NBI-34041) tricyclic 
CRF1 receptor antagonists 
Fahmy concludes that “the design of small molecule, non-peptide 
CRF antagonists may afford new treatment options and a new class of 
antidepressants and anti-anxiety agents from this class may emerge in the 
near future.” Ex. 1018, 277. 
Williams is a review article covering “the disclosures of non-peptide 
CRF1 antagonists in the patent literature since 2006.” Ex. 1029, Abstr. 
Williams teaches that: 
Animals display anxiety-like behaviors when CRF is 
administered centrally and these behaviors can be reversed by 
centrally administered peptide antagonists of the CRF1 receptor. 
This plus a vast amount of CRF-associated research not reviewed 
here suggested that blockade of the CRF1 receptor may result in 
new therapies to treat human stress-related disorders like anxiety 
and depression. 

--- Page 52 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
52 
Id. at 1057 (internal citation omitted). Williams does not address the 
treatment of CAH, but obliquely mentions the subject, stating that: 
[C]ompound 12 has a longer ‘residence time’ on the receptor and 
CRF1 antagonists with longer residence times were more 
effective in reducing plasma ACTH levels in adrenalectomized 
rats. Adrenalectomized rats are unable to regulate the ACTH 
levels since they lack the negative feedback of adrenal cortisol 
that controls ACTH release thus providing a sustained elevated 
level of the ACTH biomarker. The CRF1 antagonist R121919 
(2), with a preliminary hint of clinical efficacy, has a longer 
residence time versus CP-316,311 which may prove to be an 
important factor in future CRF1 antagonist development. 
Ex. 1029, 1058 (internal citations omitted). 
Williams teaches that: 
The typical CRF1 antagonist consists of a ‘core’ nitrogen 
heterocycle with an ‘aryl’ substituent adjacent to the core 
nitrogen atom and a ‘branched alkyl’ group attached at the 
opposite end of the core. The most prevalent subclass 
(designated Type I for the purpose of this review) of CRF1 
antagonists are those with two atoms separating the aryl region 
moiety from the requisite core nitrogen atom (which may play 
the role of a hydrogen bond acceptor when bound by the 
receptor). This is illustrated by compound 2 (Figure 2) with the 
3-pyridyl group serving in the role as the aromatic substituent 
attached at the C-3 position of the pyrazolo [1,5-α]pyrimidine 
core and the dipropylamino group at C-7 represents the branched 
alkyl region. The methyl group at the C-4 position of the pyridyl 
and the methyl at C-2 of the core serve to steer the aryl group out 
of plane relative to the central heterocycle. 
Ex. 1029, 1058 (internal citations omitted). Figure 2 of Williams is 
reproduced below: 

--- Page 53 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
53 
 
Figure 2 of Williams depicts regions of CRF1 antagonist 
structure-activity relationship (SAR) 
Figure 2 of Williams corresponds to the pyrazolo[1,5-α]pyrimidine 
core subclass (bicyclic CRF receptor antagonist subclass (c)) of Fahmy 
(compound NBI-30775). 
Williams identifies several classes and subclasses of CRF1 receptor 
antagonists. The first class, which Williams identifies as Type I CRF1 
antagonists, is characterized by: 
[T]wo atoms separating the aryl region moiety from the requisite 
core nitrogen atom (which may play the role of a hydrogen bond 
acceptor when bound by the receptor). This is illustrated by 
compound 2 (Figure 2) with the 3-pyridyl group serving in the 
role as the aromatic substituent attached at the C-3 position of 
the pyrazolo [1,5-α]pyrimidine core and the dipropylamino 
group at C-7 represents the branched alkyl region. The methyl 
group at the C-4 position of the pyridyl and the methyl at C-2 of 
the core serve to steer the aryl group out of plane relative to the 
central heterocycle. 
Ex. 1029, 1058. Figure 2 of Williams is reproduced above. Williams’ 
Type I CRF1 receptor antagonists comprise monocyclic, bicyclic, and 
tricyclic CRF1 receptor antagonists taught by Fahmy. See Ex. 1029, 1058–
1061, Figs. 1–6. Williams also teaches that Type I CRF1 receptor 
antagonists can include CRF1 antagonists with additional rings adjacent to 

--- Page 54 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
54 
the core nitrogen heterocycle and those with the branched alkyl region 
supported by additional ring. Id. at 1061, Figs. 7, 8. 
Williams also teaches Type II CRF1 receptor antagonists. Ex. 1029, 
1061. Williams discloses that Type II CRF1 antagonists “have many of the 
same features in common with the Type I antagonists but the branched alkyl 
region initially appeared to require more complicated side chains for 
biological activity.” Id. Williams teaches that both monocyclic and bicyclic 
CRF1 receptor antagonists are known in the art; one of each type is depicted 
below: 
 
 
 
Monocyclic (left) and bicyclic (right) Type II CRF1 receptor 
antagonists 
Ex. 1029, Figs. 9 (compound 35), 10 (compound 40). 
Williams further teaches that there are other, atypical CRF1 receptor 
antagonists that “do not appear to be directly related to the traditional Type I 
or II CRF1 antagonists.” Ex. 1029, 1062. These include benzimidazole-
containing amides, a “very unusual phenol,” amidrazones, and N-
phenylphenyl glycines, and a trans-4-aminomethylcyclohexylamine with 
links to two aryl groups. Id. at 1062–1063. Two examples of these atypical 
CRF1 receptor antagonists are depicted below: 

--- Page 55 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
55 
 
 
“Atypical” CRF1 receptor antagonists: a phenol (left) and a 
cyclohexyl amide (right) 
Id., Figs. 11, 12. 
Finally, Williams teaches that “[a]ntagonists of the CRF1 receptor 
have not demonstrated clinical utility despite over 30 years of research and 
hundreds of patents,” a point with which Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Dobs, 
agreed. Ex. 1029, 1065; Ex. 1038, 132. Williams also discloses that “[i]t 
may be that small molecule (< 500 MW) CRF receptor antagonists will 
never effectively compete with peptide agonists that are > 10 times larger in 
molecular weight.” Ex. 1029, 1065. However, Williams, like Fahmy, 
discloses that the majority of studies investigating the clinical utility of 
small-molecule CRF1 receptor antagonists are directed to stress-related 
conditions such as anxiety, depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, 
substance abuse, and stress-induced relapse in craving responses to food, 
nicotine and alcohol. Id. at 1057–1058. 
Summarizing, the teachings of the prior art of record in 2017, at which 
time the provisional application that matured into the ’908 patent was filed, 
indicate a very considerable structural diversity of molecules that can act as 
CRF1 receptor antagonists. Such antagonists can be peptidergic or small 

--- Page 56 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
56 
molecule receptor antagonists, the latter including Type I and Type II 
antagonists, as well as “atypical” CRF1 receptor antagonists. Furthermore, 
Type I and II CRF1 receptor antagonists can be either monocyclic or bicyclic 
in their core structure, and there are also known tricyclic and “atypical” 
Type I CRF1 receptor antagonists. 
Moreover, at the time of filing, very few studies existed demonstrating 
that CRF1 receptor antagonists are effective in the treatment of CAH, as 
recited in the challenged claims. Fahmy mentions a single study of a CRF1 
receptor antagonist, verucerfont, being studied for this clinical application, 
and Williams is altogether silent upon the subject, noting only that, at the 
time (i.e., 2013), “despite over 30 years of research and hundreds of patents” 
no small molecule CRF1 receptor antagonists had demonstrated any clinical 
utility. Ex. 1018, 276; Ex. 1029, 1065. 
For these reasons, we do not find persuasive the testimony of Patent 
Owner’s expert, Dr. Dobs, that: 
By describing adjustments of dosing protocols to achieve at least 
a 10% reduction from baseline, and describing this use of 
tildacerfont as just one embodiment of the claimed use of the 
entire well-known, well-characterized, and discrete class, the 
specification reasonably conveyed to a POSA that the invention 
extended to the particularly claimed use of the entire recited 
class. 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 87. On the contrary, far from being a “well-known, well-
characterized, and discrete class” the prior art teaches a heterogeneous 
assembly of different classes of small molecule CRF1 receptor antagonists 
(Type I, Type II, and “atypical”) displaying a very considerable variety of 
structures, both in terms of the core pharmacophore (e.g., monocyclic, 
bicyclic, tricyclic, phenolic, cyclohexyl amide, etc.) as well as in the various 

--- Page 57 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
57 
side groups. Moreover, the challenged claims recite only “a CRF1 receptor 
antagonist or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof,” the scope of which 
also encompasses the much larger (and, according to Williams) much more 
effective large-molecule (peptide) CRF1 receptor antagonists, about which 
the Specification is entirely silent. See Ex. 1029, Abstr., 1065. 
Furthermore, despite Dr. Dobs’ testimony that “[t]he [prior art] 
references explain the typical CRF1 antagonist consists of a core nitrogen 
heterocycle with an aryl substituent adjacent to the core nitrogen atom and a 
branched alkyl group attached at the opposite end of the core,” Dr. Dobs also 
acknowledged that the “atypical” CRF1 receptors depicted in Figures 11 and 
12 of Williams had different structures, and lacked the nitrogen heterocyclic 
core. Ex. 1038, 127, 130–131; see also Ex. 2014, 61. Additionally, 
Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Cutler, testified, by way of example, in his Reply 
Declaration that two of the ‘“first-generation CRF1 antagonists’ identified in 
Figure 1 of the Williams article do not fall within the Figure 2 structure 
Dr. Dobs relies upon.” Ex. 1044 ¶ 97. 
Indeed, with respect to the alleged core pharmacophore that Dr. Dobs 
describes as being taught by the prior art, we find more persuasive 
Dr. Cutler’s opinion that “this general description, which comprises a large 
and indeterminate number of unique chemical structures, does not provide 
any information on what structural features of CRF1 receptor antagonists 
would be important to a CAH treatment, or to achieve an at least 10% 
reduction in ACTH or 17-OHP.” Id. ¶ 101. Based upon the evidence of 
record, we also find more persuasive Dr. Cutler’s opinion that: 
[T]he ’908 patent itself does not describe structural features 
common to CRF1 receptor antagonists that could be 
administered to treat CAH or result in an at least 10% reduction 

--- Page 58 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
58 
in ACTH or 17-OHP compared to baseline. The prior references 
described by Dr. Dobs also do not identify any such common 
structural features that would achieve these results. 
Id. at ¶ 103. 
 
Capon states that: 
[T]he determination of what is needed to support generic claims 
to biological subject matter depends on a variety of factors, such 
as the existing knowledge in the particular field, the extent and 
content of the prior art, the maturity of the science or technology, 
the predictability of the aspect at issue, and other considerations 
appropriate to the subject matter. 
Capon, 418 F.3d 1359. 
In view of these factors, and summarizing our findings of the 
disclosures of the prior art set forth above, we find that: (1) the ’908 
Specification discloses only a single species of the claimed genus (see 
Ex. 1001, col. 1, ll. 30–57), and does not disclose “either a representative 
number of species falling within the scope of the genus or structural features 
common to the members of the genus so that one of skill in the art can 
‘visualize or recognize’ the members of the genus” (Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350 
(citing Regents, 119 F.3d at 1568–69)); (2) Patent Owner’s own publication 
noted that the single species disclosed in the ’908 Specification as having 
“unique structural features” compared to other CRF1 receptor antagonists 
(Ex. 1041, 4667; Ex. 1038, 52–53); (3) there was very little knowledge 
disclosed by the prior art relied upon by Patent Owner of the ability of CRF1 
receptor antagonists to decrease the level of ACTH or 17-OHP by at least 
about 10% from baseline as claimed, or to even have any therapeutic 
effectiveness at all (see generally Exs. 1018, 1029); (4) the extent and 
content of the two prior art review articles relied upon by Patent Owner also 
demonstrate a wide variety of large and small molecule compounds that can 

--- Page 59 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
59 
act as CRF1 receptor antagonists (see generally Exs. 1018, 1029); (5) the 
effective use of CRF1 receptor antagonists in the treatment of CAH, or 
indeed in any clinical application, at the time of filing, was far from being 
mature, and was unpredictable (see, e.g., Ex. 1018, 276; Ex. 1029, 1065); 
and (6) given the variety of structures that had been shown to act as CRF1 
receptors, the structure-function relationship between CRF1 receptor and 
CRF1 receptors was still largely unknown and unpredictable (Ex. 1029, 
1065–66). 
We conclude, by a preponderance of the evidence of record, including 
the declaration and deposition testimony of Patent Owner’s expert, that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would not have recognized, either from the 
express disclosures of the ’908 Specification or from the knowledge of the 
prior art, the “structure, formula, chemical name, physical properties, or 
other properties, of species falling within the genus” of claimed CRF1 
receptor antagonists. Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350. We therefore conclude that 
the challenged claims fail to meet the written description requirement of 
35 U.S.C. § 112(a) and are unpatentable. 
 
 Grounds 1–3 and 5 
Because we find that all of the challenged claims are unpatentable for 
lack of written description support under 35 U.S.C. § 112(a) on Ground 4, 
we do not reach Petitioner’s arguments on Grounds 1–3 and 5. 
 
 

--- Page 60 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
60 
V. CONCLUSION 
For the reasons we have explained, we conclude that Petitioner has 
demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence, that challenged 
claims 1–25 of the ’908 patent are unpatentable as lacking adequate written 
description support. Furthermore, Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
is denied in part and dismissed in part as moot. Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Exclude Evidence is denied in part and dismissed in part as moot. 
Petitioner’s Motion to Strike is also dismissed as moot. 
 
VI. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that based on a preponderance of the evidence, 
claims 1–25 of the ’908 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is denied 
in part and dismissed in part; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is 
denied in part and dismissed in part; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Strike is 
dismissed; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that because this is a final written decision, 
the parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 

--- Page 61 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
61 
 
Claim(s) 
Rejected 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–25 
112(a) 
Written 
Description 
1–25 
 
 
 

--- Page 62 ---
PGR2021-00088 
Patent 10,849,908 B2 
 
62 
For PETITIONER: 
W. Karl Renner 
Robert Oakes 
FISH & RICHARDSON P.C. 
axf-ptab@fr.com 
oakes@fr.com 
 
 
 
For PATENT OWNER: 
Michael Rosato 
Jad Mills 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
mrosato@wsgr.com 
jmills@wsgr.com