--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper: 35 
571-272-7822 
Date: July 18, 2024 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
 
SHANGHAI HONGENE BIOTECH CORP., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
CHEMGENES CORP., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, ZHENYU YANG, and 
CYNTHIA M. HARDMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
NEW, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining Challenged Claims 1–5 Unpatentable 
Granting Petitioner’s Motion to Seal 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
We have jurisdiction to hear this inter partes review under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 6. This Final Written Decision is issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons set forth below, we determine that 
Petitioner Shanghai Hongene Biotech Corp. (“Petitioner”) has established, 
by a preponderance of the evidence, that challenged claims 1–5 of Patent 
Owner ChemGenes Corp.’s (“Patent Owner”) U.S. Patent No. 9,884,885 B2 
(Ex. 1001, the “’885 patent”) are unpatentable. 
 
On January 19, 2023, Petitioner filed its Petition (Paper 1, “Petition”) 
seeking inter partes review of claims 1–5 of the ’885 patent. Patent Owner 
did not file a Preliminary Response and, on July 20, 2023, and pursuant to 
35 U.S.C. § 314, we instituted inter partes review of challenged claims 1–5 
of the ’885 patent. Paper 7 (“Institution Decision” or “Dec.”). 
After institution of trial, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 16, 
“PO Resp.”), to which Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 20, “Pet. Reply”), and 
Patent Owner, in turn, filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 27, “Sur-Reply”). 
On October 17, 2023, Patent Owner filed a Motion to Amend claims 1 
and 5 with substitute new claims 6 and 7. Paper 17. Petitioner filed an 
Opposition to Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend (Paper 22). We entered 
Preliminary Guidance on Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend on February 5, 
2024 (Paper 23). On February 28, 2024, upon Patent Owner’s request, we 
entered an Order authorizing the withdrawal of Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Amend the claims. Paper 28. As specified in that Order, Patent Owner’s 
arguments with respect to its Motion to Amend will not be considered or 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
3 
addressed in this Final Written Decision. Id. at 5. Oral argument was heard 
on April 23, 2024 and a transcript of the hearing is of record. 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Seal (Paper 31) portions of the Sur-Reply, 
as well as four related Exhibits (Exs. 2035, 2036, 2038, and 2039). 
Petitioner filed redacted versions of the Sur-Reply. Paper 32. Petitioner’s 
Motion to Seal is granted. 
 
II. BACKGROUND 
 
Petitioner identifies itself, Shanghai Hongene Biotech Corp., as the 
real party-in-interest. Pet. x. Patent Owner identifies itself, ChemGenes 
Corp., as the assignee and real party-in-interest. Paper 25 at 2. 
 
 
Petitioner and Patent Owner each identify ChemGenes Corp. v. 
Hongene Biotechnology Ltd., 1-22-cv-10290 (D. Mass. 2022) as a related 
matter. Pet. x, Paper 25 at 2. Patent Owner represents that this litigation 
was voluntarily dismissed by Patent Owner on July 7, 2022. Paper 25 at 2. 
On April 5, 2023, Patent Owner filed a reissue application with the 
USPTO relating to the ’885 patent, which the Office has assigned U.S. 
Reissue Application No. 18/130,902. On September 1, 2023, the Office 
notified Patent Owner that it was suspending, sua sponte, the examination of 
U.S. Reissue Application No. 18/130,902 for a period of six months from 
the September 1, 2023 notice date, in view of this inter partes review. 
Ex. 3001, 2. That suspension was renewed by the Office for another 6 
months on February 28, 2024. Ex. 3004, 2. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
4 
 
 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–5 of the ’885 patent are 
unpatentable, based upon the following grounds: 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1 
102(b)1 
Reddy2 
2 
2 
103 
Crooke3, Pitsch4, Fan5 
3 
2 
103 
Vater6, Pitsch 
4 
3 
103 
Crooke, Pitsch, Fan, 
Scaringe7 
5 
4 
103 
Pitsch, Fan, Scaringe 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 
Stat. 284 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective March 16, 
2013. Because the application from which the ’885 patent issued has an 
effective filing date prior to that date, the pre-AIA versions of §§ 102 and 
103 apply. 
2 Reddy et al. (US 5,808,039, September 15, 1998) (“Reddy”) Ex. 1016. 
3 Crooke (US 5,898,031, April 27, 1999) (“Crooke”) Ex. 1017. 
4 S. Pitsch et al., Reliable Chemical Synthesis of Oligoribonucleotides (RNA) 
with 2´-O-[(Triisopropylsilyl)oxy]methyl(2´-O-tom)-Protected 
Phosphoramidites, 84 HELVETICA CHIMICA ACTA 3773–95 (2001) 
(“Pitsch”) Ex. 1018. 
5 Y. Fan et al., Transient Silylation of the Guanosine O6 and Amino Groups 
Facilitates N-Acylation, 6(15) ORGANIC LETTS. 2555–57 (2004) (“Fan”) 
Ex. 1019. 
6 Vater et al. (US 7,879,991 B2, February 1, 2011) (“Vater”) Ex. 1020. 
7 S.A. Scaringe et al., Chemical Synthesis of Biologically Active 
Oligoribonucleotides Using β-Cyanoethyl Protected Ribonucleoside 
Phosphoramidites, 18(18) NUCLEIC ACIDS RES. 5433–41 (1991) 
(“Scaringe”) Ex. 1022. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
5 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
6 
5 
102(b) 
Gaur8 
Petitioner also relies upon the Declaration of Dr. Phil S. Baran (the 
“Baran Declaration,” Ex. 1003). Patent Owner relies upon the Declaration 
of Dr. Patrick J. Hrdlicka (the “Hrdlicka Declaration,” Ex. 2008). We have 
reviewed the credentials of Petitioner’s and Patent Owner’s declarants, and 
consider each to be qualified to provide the opinions for which their 
testimony has been submitted. 
 
 
The ’885 patent is directed to methods of synthesis of RNA 
oligonucleotides utilizing N-2-acetyl protected guanine as nucleoside base, 
and their nucleosides, succinates, phosphoramidites, and corresponding solid 
supports that are suitable for oligo deoxynucleoside and RNA 
oligonucleotide synthesis. Ex. 1001, Abstr. Briefly, the ’885 patent claims a 
synthetic route that allows obtaining desired (n-acetyl) nucleosides without 
any contamination with unwanted impurities. The N-2-acetyl protected 
guanosine nucleosides and other N-2 acetyl protected nucleosides having 
various 2´-protecting groups as discussed or 2´-modification, such as 2-
fluoro or 2´-amino groups, can be combined with cyanoethyl phosphate 
protecting group and utilized in high purity RNA synthesis. Ex. 1001, 
cols. 17–18, ll. 62–3. These compounds, when combined with either 
 
8 R.K. Gaur et al., Novel Solid Phase Synthesis of 2´-O-
Methylribonucleoside 5´-Triphosphates and their α-Thio Analogues, 
33(23) TETRAHEDRON LETTS. 3301–04 (1992) (“Gaur”) Ex. 1024. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
6 
succinates or phosphoramidites can be used to either tether a given 
nucleoside to either a solid structure or to another nucleotide in an 
oligonucleotide chain, respectively. See, e.g., Pet. Fig. 5, which is 
reproduced below: 
 
The “canonical cycle” of solid-phase oligonucleotide synthesis 
using phosphoramidites as nucleotide as a protecting group. 
Pet. 14. 
 
The use of phosphoramidites as protecting groups helps to prevent 
errors and branching in the formation of oligonucleotide chains and permits 
high-purity oligonucleotide synthesis. Ex. 1001, col. 12, ll. 3–6. 
 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
7 
 
Claim 1 is representative of the challenged claims, and recites: 
1. 
 Derivatized nucleoside and phosphoramidite of general 
formula 1, 
 
where B is selected from the group consisting of guanine-
N-acetyl, adenine-N-acetyl, cytosine-N-acetyl, cytosine-N-
isobutyryl, 5-methyl cytosine-N-acetyl, and 5-methyl cytosine-
N-isobutyryl; 
Z is oxygen and W is methyl; and 
X is cyanoethyl dialkyl phosphoramidite. 
Ex. 1001, col. 25, ll. 25–47. 
 
 
The ’885 patent issued from U.S. Application Ser. No. 13/261,029 
(the “’029 application”) filed on May 19, 2010 (Ex. 1001, codes 21–22), and 
claims the priority benefit of U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 
61/216,491, which was filed on May 18, 2009. Id., code (60). 
The patent issued on February 6, 2018. Ex. 1001, code (45). 
 
III. ANALYSIS 
 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard that would be 
used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). See 
37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2020). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally 
Formula 1 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
8 
given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 
415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). “In determining the 
meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic 
evidence of record, examining the claim language itself, the written 
description, and the prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. 
v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) 
(citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–17). Extrinsic evidence is “less significant 
than the intrinsic record in determining ‘the legally operative meaning of 
claim language.’” Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1317 (quoting C.R. Bard, Inc. v. U.S. 
Surgical Corp., 388 F.3d 858, 862 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
Both parties agree that the terms of the challenged claims should be 
given the ordinary and customary meaning of such terms as understood by 
one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution history pertaining to the 
patent. Pet. 17; PO Resp. 15 (both citing 37 C.F.R. § 42.100). Accordingly 
we see no need for explicitly construing any of the terms of the challenged 
claims beyond that standard. 
Furthermore, both Petitioner and Patent Owner agree that clear errors 
exist in the wording of challenged claims 3–5. Both parties agree that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have recognized that the limitation 
reciting “where M is selected from the group consisting of succinyl, oxalyl, 
and hydroquinolynyl” should properly read “where M is selected from the 
group consisting of ethyl, oxalyl, and hydroquinolynyl.” Pet. 18–20; PO 
Resp. 15. Both parties further agree that the language of claim 5 mistakenly 
omits the italicized portions of the limitation reciting “NH is capable of 
being attached to a solid support with a spacer selected from the group 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
9 
consisting of C1–C20 alkyl, ethyloxyglycol, and a combination of alkyl and 
ethyleneglycoxy,” as is expressly recited in claims 3 and 4. Pet. 21–22 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 158); PO Resp. 15. 
We agree with both parties’ reasoning with respect to these errors, and 
we construe the claims as reciting the corrected language, such that claims 
3–5 read, in relevant part “where M is selected from the group consisting of 
ethyl, oxalyl, and hydroquinolynyl” and claim 5 additionally reads “NH is 
capable of being attached to a solid support with a spacer selected from the 
group consisting of C1–C20 alkyl, ethyloxyglycol, and a combination of 
alkyl and ethyleneglycoxy.” See Fitbit, Inc. v. Valencell, Inc., 964 F.3d 
1112, 1119–20 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (holding that the Board erred in not 
correcting a “conspicuous” and undisputed error in claim). 
 
 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a Ph.D. (or equivalent degree) in organic or medicinal chemistry, and 2 
to 3 years of post-graduate work experience in medicinal chemistry, 
synthetic organic chemistry, and nucleic acid chemistry, including the 
development of oligonucleotide therapeutics, diagnostics, or building blocks. 
Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 24). Petitioner further proposes that an individual 
with a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in organic chemistry or medicinal 
chemistry, and possessing extensive work experience in these fields, with a 
thorough understanding of the development of nucleic acid-based materials, 
would also have qualified as a person of ordinary skill in the art. Id. 
Patent Owner disagrees, arguing that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would have had a Ph.D. (or equivalent degree) in organic chemistry, and 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
10 
at least 2 to 3 years of post-graduate work experience in the development 
and syntheses of nucleosides, nucleotides, and nucleic acids, including, but 
not limited to, the syntheses of oligonucleotides through solid phase 
oligonucleotide synthesis (“SPOS”), pursuant to P(III) chemistry. PO Resp. 
19. 
Alternatively, Patent Owner contends, a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would have been someone with a Ph.D. (or equivalent degree) in organic 
chemistry, and who focused on the development and syntheses of 
nucleosides, nucleotides, and nucleic acids, including, but not limited to, the 
syntheses of oligonucleotides through SPOS pursuant to P(III) chemistry 
during his or her Ph.D. studies. PO Resp. 19. Additionally, argues Patent 
Owner, someone with a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in organic chemistry 
who had at least 5 years of extensive work experience in these fields, and 
who had gained a thorough understanding of the syntheses of nucleic acid-
based materials pursuant to P(III) chemistry, would also have qualified as a 
an artisan of ordinary skill. Id. 
In support of its proposed definition, Patent Owner points to the 
Declaration of its expert, Dr. Hrdlicka, who opines that, in 2009, skilled 
artisans who developed synthetic schemes, and who managed the syntheses 
of nucleosides, phosphoramidites and oligonucleotides in connection with 
P(III) chemistry, are those who would provide the most relevant viewpoints 
on aspects relating to whether the compounds claimed in the ’885 patent 
would have been obvious, including with respect to knowledge, skills, 
motivations, and reasonable expectations. PO Resp. (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 88). 
In contrast, argues Patent Owner, the viewpoints of those who have 
instead focused on using oligonucleotides for therapeutic and diagnostic 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
11 
purposes after their production, but who were not skilled in the art of 
developing synthesis schemes for, and managing or conducting the 
syntheses of, nucleosides, phosphoramidites or oligonucleotides pursuant to 
P(III) chemistry, are not as applicable to the central inquiries at bar, since the 
challenged claims in the ’885 patent are directed to nucleoside and 
phosphoramidite compounds themselves based on P(III) chemistry and not 
their therapeutic and diagnostic uses or syntheses based on P(V) 
oligonucleotide chemistry. Id. ¶ 89. 
As a side effect of this argument, Patent Owner contends that 
Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Baran, was not himself a person of ordinary skill 
in the art in 2009, and does not appear to have a deep background in P(III) 
chemistry. PO Resp. 17. According to Patent Owner, Dr. Baran has 
characterized himself as a professor in organic chemistry and an expert in 
medicinal chemistry, but has also testified that only 14 of the over 250 
papers he authored in his career relate to oligonucleotide synthesis and the 
earliest of those papers was just 5 years ago. Id. (citing Ex. 2009, 75, 73, 97, 
99–100). Patent Owner additionally asserts that the focus of the most 
prominent of those papers appears to be on P(V) chemistry which, as 
Dr. Baran acknowledged, is a fundamentally different synthesis platform 
than the P(III) chemistry at bar. Id. (citing Ex. 2009, 109). 
Petitioner responds to this latter argument by stating that Dr. Baran is 
one of the world’s preeminent synthetic organic chemists and has an 
extensive background in the field and his groundbreaking work on P(V) 
chemistry for oligonucleotide chemistry, which earned him prestigious 
awards, built on, and required a deep understanding of, P(III) chemistry. 
Reply 1 (citing Ex. 1033 ¶¶ 7–8). Petitioner adds that Dr. Baran was 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
12 
exposed to nucleoside chemistry as an undergraduate in 1996, and in the 
interval from 2003 to 2009, he both taught classes, and consulted with 
companies, concerning nucleotide synthesis. Id. (citing Ex. 1033 ¶ 8). 
Patent Owner replies that its definition is proper because the subject 
claims are directed to P(III) nucleosides and POSAs should have the 
proposed experience in P(III) nucleoside chemistry and synthesis and a 
background in medicinal chemistry is not necessary. Sur-Reply 1. Patent 
Owner asserts that Dr. Baran testified he viewed the definition of one of 
ordinary skill in the art as “malleable” and that he “had no problem” with the 
“other definitions” proposed. Id. (citing Ex. 2032, 177–178). 
First, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that a 
doctorate in the field “medicinal chemistry” is irrelevant to the definition of 
a person of ordinary skill in the art. Medicinal chemistry being necessarily a 
subset of the larger field of organic chemistry, we find that a person with a 
doctorate in medicinal chemistry would have the necessary academic 
preparation to undertake the experience of practicing the development and 
syntheses of nucleosides, nucleotides, and nucleic acids, including, but not 
limited to, the syntheses of oligonucleotides through SPOS. 
However, we prefer Patent Owner’s definition of the required 2–3 
years of experience in “the development and syntheses of nucleosides, 
nucleotides, and nucleic acids, including, but not limited to, the syntheses of 
oligonucleotides through solid phase oligonucleotide synthesis (‘SPOS’)” to 
Petitioner’s more generalized requirement of having experience in 
“medicinal chemistry, synthetic organic chemistry, and nucleic acid 
chemistry, including the development of oligonucleotide therapeutics, 
diagnostics, or building blocks.” Both parties acknowledge that the level of 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
13 
skill in the art is very high. See, e.g., Resp. 17; Reply 2. We find that, to 
achieve a level of ordinary skill in the art, a person with the requisite 
educational background would require 2–3 years of experience for one 
possessing a doctorate in the relevant field, or 3–5 years for one with a lesser 
degree (to compensate for the additional educational experience gained by 
achieving a doctorate) in the specific techniques recited by Patent Owner. 
We reject the terminal clause “pursuant to P(III) chemistry” proposed by 
Patent Owner as redundant in that a person engaged for a number of years in 
“the development and syntheses of nucleosides, nucleotides, and nucleic 
acids” including SPOS, would likely have an operant knowledge of P(III) 
chemistry. 
Consequently we adopt the following definition of a person of 
ordinary skill in the art: “A person of ordinary skill in the art having a Ph.D. 
(or equivalent degree) in organic or medicinal chemistry, and 2 to 3 years of 
post-graduate work experience in the development and syntheses of 
nucleosides, nucleotides, and nucleic acids, including, but not limited to, the 
syntheses of oligonucleotides through solid phase oligonucleotide synthesis 
(‘SPOS’)” and, alternatively, “a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in organic or medicinal chemistry who 
had at least 5 years of extensive work experience in these fields.” 
As for Dr. Baran, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument 
that Dr. Baran is not sufficiently experienced or qualified to opine with 
respect to the claimed subject matter. A review of Dr. Baran’s extensive 
curriculum vitae (Ex. 1003, 79–137), indicates that he is deeply experienced 
and extensively published in the field of oligonucleotide synthesis. Patent 
Owner’s argument that Dr. Baran is principally experienced in P(V) 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
14 
techniques presupposes that experience in that technique indicates an 
ignorance of P(III) methodologies. We do not find this position consistent 
with the breadth of Dr. Baran’s C.V. We will weigh Dr. Baran’s testimony, 
and that of Dr. Hrdlicka, against the cumulative weight of the evidence of 
record in this inter partes review in assessing the credibility and probative 
value of their respective testimonies. 
 
 
 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity … the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). Therefore, in an inter partes 
review, the burden of proof is on the Petitioner to show that the challenged 
claims are unpatentable; that burden never shifts to the patentee. See 35 
U.S.C. § 316(e); In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1375 
(Fed. Cir. 2016) (citing Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 
800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
 
 
 
“A claim is anticipated only if each and every element as set forth in 
the claim is found, either expressly or inherently described, in a single prior 
art reference.” Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharms., 339 F.3d 1373 (Fed. Cir. 
2003) (quoting Verdegaal Bros., Inc. v. Union Oil Co. of Cal., 814 F.2d 628, 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
15 
631 (Fed. Cir. 1987)). It is well settled that “a reference can anticipate a 
claim even if it ‘d[oes] not expressly spell out’ all the limitations arranged or 
combined as in the claim, if a person of skill in the art, reading the reference, 
would ‘at once envisage’ the claimed arrangement or combination.” 
Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 1381 (Fed. 
Cir. 2015) (quoting In re Petering, 301 F.2d 676, 681 (C.C.P.A. 1962)). 
 
 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that 
the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said 
subject matter pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) 
the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
In determining obviousness when all elements of a claim are found in 
multiple pieces of prior art, “the factfinder must further consider the factual 
questions of whether a person of ordinary skill in the art would be motivated 
to combine those references, and whether in making that combination, a 
person of ordinary skill would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success.” Dome Patent L.P. v. Lee, 799 F.3d 1372, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2015); 
see also WMS Gaming, Inc. v. Int’l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1355 (Fed. 
Cir. 1999) (“When an obviousness determination relies on the combination 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
16 
of two or more references, there must be some suggestion or motivation to 
combine the references.”). “Both the suggestion and the expectation of 
success must be founded in the prior art, not in the applicant’s disclosure.” 
In re Dow Chem. Co., 837 F.2d 469, 473 (Fed. Cir. 1988); see also In re 
Magnum Oil Tools, 829 F.3d at 1381 (finding a party that petitions the 
Board for a determination of unpatentability based on obviousness must 
show that “a skilled artisan would have been motivated to combine the 
teachings of the prior art references to achieve the claimed invention, and 
that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so”). 
An obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take 
account of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would employ.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418; see In re Translogic Tech., 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1259 (Fed. Cir. 2007). In KSR, the Supreme Court also 
stated that an invention may be found obvious if trying a course of conduct 
would have been obvious to a person of ordinary skill in the art: 
When there is a design need or market pressure to solve a 
problem and there are a finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions, a person of ordinary skill has good reason to pursue 
the known options within his or her technical grasp. If this leads 
to the anticipated success, it is likely the product not of 
innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense. In that 
instance the fact that a combination was obvious to try might 
show that it was obvious under § 103. 
550 U.S. at 421. “KSR affirmed the logical inverse of this statement by 
stating that § 103 bars patentability unless ‘the improvement is more than 
the predictable use of prior art elements according to their established 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
17 
functions.’” In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1359–60 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 
We analyze the asserted challenges to patentability in accordance with 
the above-stated legal principles. 
 
 
 
 
Reddy is U.S. patent 5,808,039, issued on September 15, 1998, and is 
prior art to the ’885 patent. Ex. 1016, code (45). Reddy is directed to: 
A compound of the general formula: 
 
wherein R is alkyl of 1 to about 10 carbons and R´ is selected 
from the group consisting of trityl and pixyl, for use in the 
synthesis of 2´-OMe RNA sequences. Fast cleavage and 
deprotection of oligonucleotides is facilitated by the use of a 
reagent comprising methylamine as active component in place of 
the traditional reagent ammonium hydroxide. 
Id., Abstr. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
18 
 
Reddy discloses that “oligonucleotides containing 2´-OMe 
ribonucleotides of [this general] formula have widespread applications in 
both diagnostics and therapeutics, in particular because of their strong 
affinity for complementary strands and resistance toward unwanted nuclease 
degradation.” Ex. 1016, col 1, ll. 9–23. Reddy further discloses that such 
compounds “possess high chemical stability and are resistant to hydrolysis 
by alkali and nucleases.” Id. at col. 1, ll. 23–25. Reddy discloses that its 
claimed compounds are useful in the synthesis of 2´-OMe RNA sequences, 
and that fast cleavage and deprotection of the oligonucleotides is facilitated 
by the use of methylamine or a mixture of methylamine/ammonium 
hydroxide in place of the then-traditional reagent ammonium hydroxide. Id. 
at col. 2, ll. 21–26. 
 
 
Petitioner argues that Reddy anticipates claim 1 of the ’885 patent. 
Pet. 23. Petitioner first points to the compound claimed as Formula 1 of 
challenged claim 1 of the ’885 patent: 
 
Formula 1 of challenged claim 1 
Pet. 23. 
Petitioner argues that, in Formula 1, “B” is used to denote one of a 
named group of nucleobases or modified nucleobases (as is customary in the 
field of nucleic acid chemistry) and thus constitutes a Markush group. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
19 
Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 89). Petitioner notes that, when a claim element 
recites a Markush group, the entire element is disclosed by the prior art if 
one member of the Markush group is disclosed by the prior art. Id. (citing 
Fresenius USA, Inc. v. Baxter Int’l, Inc., 582 F.3d 1288, 1298 (Fed. Cir. 
2009)). 
Petitioner also contends that, in the claimed Formula 1 of the ’885 
patent, “Z” is oxygen, “W” is methyl, and “X” is a cyanoethyl dialkyl 
phosphoramidite. Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 90–92). Petitioner asserts that 
the most well-known cyanoethyl dialkyl phosphoramidite is 2-cyanoethyl 
N,N-diisopropyl phosphoramidite, which has “been used virtually 
exclusively in phosphoramidite-based solid phase nucleotide synthesis.” Id. 
at 25 (quoting Ex. 1009, 3857; and citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 92). 2-cyanoethyl 
N,N-diisopropyl phosphoramidite has the structure depicted below: 
 
2-cyanoethyl N,N-diisopropyl phosphoramidite 
Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 92; Ex. 1009, 3857). 
 
Consequently, Petitioner argues, when “B” is cytosine-N-acetyl, and 
“X” is 2-cyanoethyl N,N-diisopropyl phosphoramidite, Formula 1 of 
challenged claim 1 assumes the form depicted below: 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
20 
 
Formula 1 of challenged claim 1, in which “B” is cytosine-N-
acetyl, and “X” is 2-cyanoethyl N,N-diisopropyl 
phosphoramidite 
Pet. 25. 
 
Petitioner argues that Reddy discloses the identical molecule and a 
scheme for its synthesis. Pet. 26. Petitioner asserts that Reddy discloses that 
this molecule is identified as “DMT CAc-2´-OMe-3´cyanoethyl-
phosphoramidite,” or as “CAc-2´-OMe phosphoramidite.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1016, col. 3, ll. 5–25; Ex. 1003 ¶ 98). In the diagram below, Reddy’s 
disclosed CAc-2´-OMe phosphoramidite compound is depicted on the left, 
and the compound of challenged claim 1 in which “B” is cytosine-N-acetyl, 
and “X” is 2-cyanoethyl N,N-diisopropyl phosphoramidite (as depicted 
above) is illustrated on the right: 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
21 
 
Side-by-side comparison of Reddy’s disclosed CAc-2´-OMe 
phosphoramidite (left) and Formula 1 of challenged claim 1 in 
which “B” is cytosine-N-acetyl, and “X” is 2-cyanoethyl N,N-
diisopropyl phosphoramidite (right) 
Pet. 27. 
Petitioner argues further that Reddy would have enabled a person of 
ordinary skill in the art to make and use the compound depicted above. 
Pet. 28. According to Petitioner, Reddy provides a detailed methodology, 
“Scheme I,” for the synthesis of CAc-2´-OMe phosphoramidite. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1016, cols. 3–5, ll. 5–20; Ex. 1003 ¶ 105). Petitioner asserts that Reddy 
also includes citations to supporting scientific literature, and detailed 
description of the structures of the starting materials; the structures of the 
intermediates; the reagents, catalysts, and reaction media; the reaction 
conditions; the synthetic organic chemistry techniques employed; and the 
percent yield at each step. Id. 
Petitioner contends that, based upon this disclosure and a general 
knowledge of synthetic organic chemistry, a person of ordinary skill in the 
art, comprehending the disclosures of Reddy’s Scheme 1, would have had to 
engage in little or no experimentation to synthesize the molecule claimed in 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
22 
challenged claim 1 of the ’885 patent (in which “B” is cytosine-N-acetyl and 
“X” is 2-cyanoethyl N,N-diisopropyl phosphoramidite). Id. (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 106). 
 
 
In its Patent Owner Response, Patent Owner did not substantively 
challenge Ground 1, in view of its then-pending Motion to Amend. 
Specifically, Patent Owner states that, without prejudice to Patent Owner’s 
rights to the other patentably distinct compounds in Claim 1’s Markush 
group (e.g., where “B” in Formula 1 is guanine-N-acetyl, adenine-N-acetyl, 
cytosine-N-isobutyryl, 5-methyl cytosine-N-acetyl, and 5-methyl cytosine-
N-isobutyryl), or Patent Owner’s rights to those compounds secured under at 
least U.S. Reissue Application No. 18/130,902, Ground 1 is rendered moot 
in view of its (now-withdrawn) Motion to Amend. PO Resp. 20–21. 
 
 
Based upon Petitioner’s arguments, and the evidence of record, we 
conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that challenged claim 1 is anticipated by Reddy. As explained and 
depicted above, Reddy expressly discloses and depicts the identical 
compound recited by challenged claim 1, in which “B” is cytosine-N-acetyl 
and “X” is 2-cyanoethyl N, N-diisopropyl phosphoramidite. See Ex. 1016, 
col. 3, ll. 10–25. 
Furthermore, the evidence shows that Reddy enables this compound. 
Reddy discloses a scheme of synthesizing CAc-2´-OMe phosphoramidite 
that would likely not require undue experimentation to replicate and, indeed, 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
23 
would seem to leave little to the imagination of a person of ordinary skill in 
the art. See id. at cols. 3–5, ll. 5–20. Reddy also discloses methods of using 
CAc-2´-OMe phosphoramidite in automated oligonucleotide synthesis. Id. 
at col 5., ll. 22–40. 
We therefore conclude that Petitioner has met its burden of 
demonstrating, by a preponderance of the evidence, that Reddy anticipates 
challenged claim 1 of the ’885 patent. 
 
 
Claim 2 of the ’885 patent recites: 
2. 
Derivatized nucleoside and phosphoramidite of general formula 
1, 
 
where B is Guanine-N-acetyl , or adenine-N-acetyl ; 
Z = ribo fluoro or ara fluoro, and 
W is absent; and 
X is cyanoethyl dialkyl phosphoramidite. 
Ex. 1001, col. 25, ll. 59–62. 
 
 
 
Crooke is U.S. Patent 5,898,031, issued on April 27, 1999, and is 
prior art to the ’885 patent. Ex. 1017, code (45). Crooke is directed to 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
24 
“Oligomeric compounds including oligoribonucleotides and 
oligoribonucleosides … that have subsequences of pentoribofuranosyl 
nucleosides that activate dsRNase.” Id., Abstr. 
Specifically, in the final synthetic step x of example 4-d, Crooke 
teaches the synthesis of a guanosine phosphoramidite, N-isobutyryl-9-(2´-
deoxy-2´-fluoro-5´-O-4.4-dimethoxytrityl-guanosine-3´-O-N,N-diisopropyl-
3-D-cyanoethyl phosphoramidite (“compound x”). Ex. 1017, cols. 27–28, 
ll. 63–19. The structure of compound x is illustrated below: 
 
Structure of N-isobutyryl-9-(2´-deoxy-2´-fluoro-5´-O-4.4-
dimethoxytrityl-guanosine-3´-O-N,N-diisopropyl-3-D-
cyanoethyl phosphoramidite (“compound x”) 
See Pet. 37 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 115). 
 
 
Pitsch is a journal article entitled Reliable Chemical Synthesis of 
Oligoribonucleotides (RNA) with 2´-O-[(Triisopropylsilyl)oxy]methyl(2´-O-
tom)-Protected Phosphoramidites. Ex. 1018. Pitsch was published in 
Helvetica Chimica Acta in 2001, and is prior art to the ’885 patent. Id. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
25 
Pitsch is directed to the use of protecting groups to protect the 2´-O-
positions of the phosphoramidite building block during SPOS. Ex. 1018, 
3773–74. These protecting groups are subsequently removed following 
synthesis of the oligonucleotide (i.e., “deprotection”). Id. Pitsch reports that 
there is a large number of known 2´-O-ribonucleoside protecting groups, 
which can essentially be divided into acid-, photo-, and fluoride-labile 
groups. Pitsch describes in detail the preparation of 2´-O-
([(triisopropylsilyl)oxy]methyl)-protected (2´-O-tom-protected) 
phosphoramidites of the four canonical ribonucleosides. Id. at 3774. 
Pitsch teaches addition of an acetyl protecting group to protect the 
exocyclic amine group of a nucleobase as the first step in “[t]he preparation 
of the phosphoramidite building blocks from the four ribonucleosides.” 
Ex. 1018, 3774-75, Scheme 1). Pitsch also outlines the specific steps for 
synthesizing a nucleobase-protected N2-acetylguanosine. Id. at 3775. 
Pitsch compares the deprotection half-lives of 2´-O-acetyl- and 2´-O-
tom-protected nucleobases. Ex. 1018, 3778. Specifically, Pitsch teaches 
that: 
Prior to the synthesis of oligonucleotides, we established the 
conditions required for the removal of the base-protecting Ac 
groups with MeNH2 (10 in H2O/EtOH 1:1, 25o). By UV 
measurements and reversed-phase HPLC, we determined half-
lives of <2 min for the 2´-O-tom-protected N4-acetylcytidine and 
N6-acetyladenosine derivatives, and a half-life of 4 min for the 
2´-O-tom-protected 
N2-acetylguanosine, 
respectively 
(Scheme 3). These values indicated that complete base-
deprotection of oligonucleotide sequences can be achieved 
within 1 h (equal to 15 half-lives for the acetylated guanosine 
residues) and demonstrated that the Ac group, in combination 
with MeNH2, is indeed suited for a labile universal nucleobase 
protection. Under the deprotection conditions with MeNH2, the 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
26 
2´-O-tom group was completely stable for a period of at least 
48 h. 
Id. 
 
 
Fan is a journal article entitled Transient Silylation of the Guanosine 
O6 and Amino Groups Facilitates N-Acylation. Ex. 1019. Fan was 
published in the journal Organic Letters in 2004, and is prior art to the ’885 
patent. Id. 
Fan teaches that “[s]ynthetic methods for the preparation of fully 
protected ribonucleosides with the labile N-acyl groups that are preferred for 
RNA synthesis are not yet optimal, particularly for guanosine.” Ex. 1019, 
2555 (footnote omitted). 
Fan compares deprotection rates of the guanine N-isobutyryl, acetyl, 
and phenoxyacetyl groups in samples of N-acetyl-3´,5´-O-di-tert-
butylsilylene-2´-O-TBS-guanosine and the corresponding phenoxyacetyl and 
isobutyryl derivatives. Ex. 1019, 2556. Table 1 of Fan, reproduced below, 
displays the results. 
 
 
Table 1 shows that the time required for 50% deprotection of the N-
isobutyryl, acetyl, and phenoxyacetyl deprotecting groups was 18 hours, 4.5 
hours, and 4.7 minutes, respectively. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
27 
Fan concludes that its described experimental procedures for N-
acylation provide a new high-yield route for preparation of guanosine 
nucleobases. Ex. 1019, 2557. 
 
 
Petitioner argues that the only difference between the compound x of 
Example 4-d in Crooke and the molecule recited in challenged claim 2 of the 
’885 patent, where “B” is guanine-N-acetyl and “Z” is ribo Fluoro, is the 
identity of the protecting group on the exocyclic NH2 group of the guanine 
base: Crooke’s compound x has an isobutyryl group, whereas the claimed 
compound has an acetyl group. Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 117). Petitioner 
provides an annotated side-by-side comparison of the two molecules, which 
is reproduced below: 
 
Petitioner’s annotated side-by-side comparison of Crooke’s 
compound x (left) and the compound of challenged claim 2 
(right) 
Petitioner contends that using an acetyl protecting group to shield the 
exocyclic NH2 group of a nucleobase was well known in the art at the time 
of filing of the ’885 patent, and a person of ordinary skill in the art would 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
28 
also have understood the advantage of an acetyl protecting group. Pet. 34 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 118). 
In support of this argument, Patent Owner points to Pitsch, which, 
Petitioner asserts, teaches that the installation of an acetyl protecting group 
to protect the exocyclic NH2 group of a nucleobase is the first step in “[t]he 
preparation of the phosphoramidite building blocks from the four 
ribonucleosides [which] was carried out by stepwise introduction of the 
base-protecting acetyl group, …, and finally the 3´-(2-cyanoethyl 
diisopropylphosphoramidite) moiety.” Pet. 34 (quoting Ex. 1018, 3774–75; 
and citing id. at Scheme 1, steps “a)”, “b)”, “c)”; Ex. 1003 ¶ 119). Petitioner 
argues that Pitsch also teaches the specific steps for synthesizing a 
nucleobase-protected N2-acetylguanosine. Id. (citing Ex. 1018, 3775). 
According to Petitioner, Pitsch explains that the acetyl protecting 
group (“Ac group”) was chosen for its rapid deprotection speed; stating that 
“complete base-deprotection of oligonucleotide sequences can be achieved 
within 1 h (equal to 15 half-lives for the acetylated guanosine residues) and 
demonstrated that the acetyl group, in combination with MeNH2, is indeed 
suited for a labile universal nucleobase protection.” Pet. 35 (quoting 
Ex. 1018, 3778). Petitioner notes that this rapid deprotection compares 
favorably against the 24-hour deprotection period for the removal of the 
isobutyryl protecting group from 2´-O-methyl Guanosine in Example 8 of 
Crooke. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 119; Ex. 1017, col. 40, ll. 41–52). 
Petitioner also points to Fan as teaching a direct comparison of the 
respective deprotection rates of N-acylguanosine derivatives with N-
isobutyryl, acetyl, and phenoxyacetyl protecting groups and reporting that 
the “time required for 50% deprotection” for N-acetyl (4.5 h) was only 25% 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
29 
of that for N-isobutyryl (18 h). Pet. 35 (citing Ex. 1019, 2556–57, Table 1; 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 120). 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
found it obvious, in view of the respective teachings of Pitsch and Fan, to 
synthesize a substitute an acetyl protecting group for the isopropyl 
protecting group of Crooke’s guanosine phosphoramidite compound x. 
Pet. 36. Petitioner contends that a skilled artisan would have been motivated 
to make such a substitution to take advantage of the significant improvement 
in deprotection speeds taught by Pitsch and Fan. Id. 
Petitioner also argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have had a reasonable expectation of successfully synthesizing the molecule 
in challenged claim 2, and would have regarded the conditions and yield for 
the installation of an acetyl protecting group as simple and similar to those 
for an isobutyryl group. Pet. 36. By way of example, Petitioner points to 
step “ii” in Crooke’s Example 4-d, which teaches the addition of the 
isobutyryl protecting group via the addition of isobutyric anhydride, in a 
process to convert 9-(3´, 5´-[1, 1, 3, 3-tetraisopropyldisilox-1, 3-diyl]-β-D-
arabinofuranosyl)guanine into N2-isobutyryl-9-(2´-O-isobutyryl-3´, 5´-[1, 1, 
3, 3-Tetraisopropyldisilox-1, 3-diyl]-β-D-arabinofuranosyl)guanine. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1017, cols. 25–26, ll. 61–10). 
Petitioner asserts that Pitsch analogously teaches the installation of the 
acetyl protecting group through the addition of acetic anhydride: “A 
convenient synthesis of N2-acetylguanosine (3) was achieved by 
peracetylation of guanosine with Ac2O [acetic anhydride] in DMF/pyridine, 
followed by cleavage of the O-bound Ac groups with NaOH in 
THF/MeOH/H2O.” Pet. 37 (citing Ex. 1018, 3775, Scheme 1, step “c)”). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
30 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art could have simply 
substituted acetic anhydride (for isobutyric anhydride) in step “ii” of 
Crooke’s Example 4-d and thereafter performed remaining steps “iii” 
through “x” to synthesize the molecule of challenged claim 2 of the ’885 
patent, where “B” is guanine-N-acetyl and “Z” is ribo fluoro. Id. Petitioner 
notes that a skilled artisan would have further recognized that an acetyl 
protecting group could be easier to add due to its smaller physical size and 
lower molecular weight than an isobutyryl group, and would therefore have 
been less disruptive to the bulk properties of the molecule. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 122). 
 
 
Patent Owner makes a number of arguments with respect to Ground 2, 
which we address in our analysis below. 
 
 
There is no real dispute between the parties as to whether compound x 
of Crooke’s Example 4-d is identical to the compound recited in challenged 
claim 2, with the sole exception that Crooke’s compound x has an isobutyryl 
protecting group, and the claimed compound has an acetyl protecting group. 
Petitioner’s annotated side-by-side comparison of the two compounds is 
reproduced below: 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
31 
 
Annotated side-by-side comparison of Crooke’s compound x 
(left) and the compound of challenged claim 2 (right) 
 Pet. 34. 
We find that the prior art cited by Petitioner as the basis of Ground 2 
sufficiently supports its argument that Crooke’s compound x would have 
been a logical starting point for the proposed modification, because 
compound x is expressly designed by Crooke to be used for the same 
purpose as the compound of challenged claim 2, i.e., the formation of 
oligonucleotides. Indeed, both Crooke and the ’885 patent teach that 2ˊ-
fluoro-substituted nucleosides are useful in oligonucleotide synthesis. See 
Ex. 1017, col. 12, ll. 3–56 (“A further particularly useful 2-substituent group 
for increasing the binding affinity is the 2ˊ-fluoro group”); Ex. 1001, Abstr. 
(“This approach is designed to lead to high purity large scale therapeutic 
grade oligonucleotide chimeras which consist of fluoro sugar modification in 
conjunction with deoxynucleosides, ribonucleosides, modified base and 
modified sugar nucleosides”). 
The question that presents itself with respect to Ground 2, then, is 
whether it would have been obvious to a person of ordinary skill in the art to 
replace the isobutyryl protecting group of Crooke’s compound x with an 
acetyl protecting group. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
32 
Pitsch describes “in detail the preparation of 2ˊ-O-
{[(triisopropylsilyl)oxy]methyl}-protected (i.e., 2ˊ-O-tom-protected) 
phosphoramidites of the four canonical ribonucleosides9 and summarize[s] 
all necessary information required for their application in the routine 
synthesis of oligoribonucleotides.” Ex. 1018, 3774. Pitsch teaches that 
“[t]he preparation of the phosphoramidite building blocks from the four 
ribonucleosides was carried out by stepwise introduction of the base-
protecting acetyl group, the 5ˊ-O-(MeO)2Tr group, the tom group, and 
finally the 3ˊ-(2-cyanoethyl diisopropylphosphoramidite) moiety.” Id. at 
3774–75. The initial acylation step is depicted in the detail of Pitsch’s 
Scheme 1, which is reproduced below: 
 
Initial Step of Scheme 1 of Pitsch depicting the acylation of the 
guanine base (G to GAc) of guanosine 
Specifically, Pitsch teaches that a “convenient synthesis of N2-
acetylguanosine (3) was achieved by peracetylation of guanosine with Ac2O 
in DMF/pyridine, followed by cleavage of the O-bound Ac groups with 
NaOH in THF/MeOH/H2O.” Id. at 3775. 
Pitsch also explains its reason for selecting an acetyl protecting group: 
“For protection of the exocyclic NH2 functions of the nucleobases, we have 
chosen the Ac group, which, as a protecting group for cytosine nucleosides, 
 
9 The five canonical nucleobases of the nucleic acids DNA and RNA are, of 
course, adenine, guanine, cytosine, thymine and uracil. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
33 
is already used in combination with a convenient deprotection scheme 
involving a mixture of aqueous NH3 solution and MeNH2.” Ex. 1018, 3778 
(emphasis added). Pitsch teaches the deprotection half-lives of its 
nucleobases, including “a half-life of 4 min[utes] for the 2ˊ-O-tom 2ˊ-
protected N2-acetylguanosine” and adds that “[t]hese values indicated that 
complete base-deprotection of oligonucleotide sequences can be achieved 
within 1 h[our] (equal to 15 half-lives for the acetylated guanosine residues) 
and demonstrated that the Ac group, in combination with MeNH2, is indeed 
suited for a labile universal nucleobase protection.” Id. at 3778, Scheme 3 
(emphasis added). 
Pitsch thus teaches that use of an acetyl moiety as a protecting group 
to shield the exocyclic NH2 groups of nucleobases, including guanosine, was 
well known and practiced in the art, could be successfully used in the 
synthesis of RNA oligonucleotides, and had advantageous deprotection 
qualities in terms of a rapid half-life. 
Fan teaches: 
The formation of a guanosine derivative silylated at both the O6 
and amino groups…. This intermediate allows facile reaction 
with acetyl chloride or phenoxyacetyl chloride to give in high 
yield the corresponding N-protected guanosine derivatives, 
suitable for use in RNA synthesis. The acetyl and phenoxyacetyl 
amino protecting groups are, respectively, 4 and 230 times more 
labile than the isobutyryl group to methylamine/ethanol 
deprotection. 
Ex. 1019, Abstr. (internal reference omitted). Fan schematizes the steps this 
process as depicted below: 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
34 
 
Intermediate (left) and end product (right) of Fan’s synthetic 
scheme. R=CH3 indicates an acetyl protecting group, whereas 
C5H5OCH2 indicates phenoxyacetyl 
Id. 
Fan teaches that: 
[A]cylation of guanosine with these labile groups, using TMS 
[trimethylsilyl] transient protection, is known to proceed 
smoothly. When we then explored treatment of the 3ˊ,5ˊ-di-tert-
butylsilylene derivative 5 with TMSCl before acylation, we 
found that these acylations also proceeded smoothly, without 
generation of dark mixtures. Unlike acetylation of guanosine, 
which is problematic in part for reasons of solubility of the 
starting material and product, 5 is more soluble in a variety of 
solvents, so that reaction with TMSCl must be doing something 
beyond aiding solubility. 
Ex. 1019, 2555–2556. Intermediate compound 5 in the acetylation of 
guanosine (compound 6a) is depicted in Fan’s scheme 2: 
 
Id., Scheme 2 (detail). 
Table 1 of Fan (reproduced below) demonstrates the deprotection 
rates for N-acylguanosine derivatives with isobutyryl, acetyl, and 
phenoxyacetyl protecting groups: 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
35 
 
 
Table 1 shows that the time required for 50% deprotection of the N-
isobutyryl, acetyl, and phenoxyacetyl deprotecting groups was 18 hours, 4.5 
hours, and 4.7 minutes, respectively. 
Fan concludes that its “experimental procedures for N-acylation [of 
guanosine] provide a new high-yield route for preparation of these important 
compounds.” Ex. 1019, 2557. 
We conclude that the evidence of record establishes, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that a person of ordinary skill in the art, 
having comprehended the teachings of Crooke, Pitsch, and Fan would have 
found it obvious to substitute an acetyl protecting group for the isobutyryl 
protecting group of Crooke’s compound x. Pitsch and Fan both teach 
methods of adding an acetyl protecting group to the pyrimidine guanine 
base, and both comment that the use of acetyl protecting groups are well 
known in the art and, indeed, Pitsch comments that its method of acetylating 
guanosine is “suited for a labile universal nucleobase protection.” Ex. 1018, 
3778; Ex. 1019, Abstr., 2555–2556. 
We also conclude that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
been motivated to combine the references. Both Pitsch and Fan teach that 
acetyl protecting groups can be rapidly removed (essential to the synthesis of 
a functional oligonucleotide) and Fan teaches that the deprotection rate of 
acetyl-protected guanosine (4.5 hours for 50% deprotection) is much more 
rapid than for isobutyryl-protected guanosine (18 hours for 50% 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
36 
deprotection). See Ex. 1018, 3778; Ex. 1019, Table 1. We acknowledge 
that Fan teaches that deprotection of phenoxyacetyl-protected guanosine is 
even more rapid; nevertheless, acetyl deprotection still remains significantly 
more rapid than isobutyryl deprotection. Ex. 1019, Table 1. However, in 
performing an obviousness analysis, “all disclosures of the prior art, 
including unpreferred embodiments, must be considered.” Merck & Co., 
Inc. v. Biocraft Labs., Inc., 874 F.2d 804, 807 (Fed. Cir. 1989) (quoting In re 
Lamberti, 545 F.2d 747, 750 (CCPA 1976)). Finally, as both Pitsch and Fan 
agree, using an acetyl moiety as a protecting group was well known in the 
art. 
Furthermore, we conclude that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in arriving at the 
claimed invention. Both Pitsch and Fan teach the successful acetylation of 
guanosine, as well as details of their synthetic schemes, and, again, Pitsch 
expressly states that its synthetic scheme is “suited for a labile universal 
nucleobase protection.” Ex. 1018, 3778; see also generally, Ex. 1018, 1019. 
We conclude that, based upon the teachings of Fan, a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have a reasonable expectation of successfully 
substituting an acetyl protecting group for the isobutyryl protecting group of 
Crooke’s compound x, and thus arrive at the compound recited in challenged 
claim 2. 
Patent Owner makes numerous arguments with respect to whether: (a) 
a person of skill in the art would have selected Crooke’s compound x as a 
lead compound; (b) a skilled artisan would have been motivated to use the 
teachings of Pitsch and Fan to substitute an acetyl protecting group for the 
isobutyryl protecting group of Crooke’s compound x; (c) a person of 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
37 
ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation of success 
in combining the references; and (d) objective secondary evidence supports 
a conclusion of non-obviousness. See PO Resp. 12–54; Sur-Reply 9–22. 
We now address each of these arguments in turn. 
 
 
Patent Owner contends that, under the lead compound test that our 
reviewing court first set forth in Takeda Chem. Indus. v. Alphapharm Pty., 
Ltd., 492 F.3d 1350, 1357 (Fed. Cir. 2007), a patent challenger must show 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art (1) would have selected a lead 
compound that was the “most promising to modify in order to improve upon 
its [] activity and obtain a compound with better activity”; (2) “would have 
had a reason to select [the lead compound] from the panoply of known 
compounds in the prior art”; and (3) would have found the lead compound to 
have been “a natural choice for further development efforts.” Otsuka 
Pharm. Co., v. Sandoz, Inc., 678 F.3d 1280, 1292 (Fed. Cir. 2012); Altana 
Pharma AG v. Teva Pharm. USA, Inc., 566 F.3d 999, 1008 (Fed. Cir. 2009). 
We are not persuaded that the lead compound analysis is an 
appropriate one for the case before us. However, we need not decide the 
aptness of applying Takeda and its progeny in performing our analysis, 
because we conclude that, to a person of ordinary skill, Crooke’s compound 
x would have been an obvious starting point for modification. As we have 
explained above, guanosine is one of the five canonical nucleotides of the 
nucleic acids DNA and RNA that are the essential building blocks of 
oligonucleotide synthesis, and they are a natural, obvious starting place for 
any artisan seeking to build oligonucleotides. Consequently, a person of 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
38 
ordinary skill in the art, seeking to synthesize oligonucleotides via SPOS 
would start with phosphoramidites of these four nucleosides, depending 
upon whether they wished to build a DNA or RNA oligonucleotide. 
Phosphoramidites of the canonical nucleotides are, simply put, essential. 
Moreover, Crooke teaches that fluoridated nucleobases are desirable 
modifications, and are well known in the art for their increased activity and 
binding affinity in oligonucleotide synthesis. See Ex. 1017, col. 12, ll. 3–56 
(“A further particularly useful 2-substituent group for increasing the binding 
affinity is the 2ˊ-fluoro group.”). Crooke teaches a fluoro-substituted 
guanosine phosphoramidite that is identical to the compound recited in 
challenged claim 2, with the exception that the isobutyryl protecting group 
of Crooke’s compound x is replaced by an acetyl protecting group in the 
claimed compound. Crooke’s compound x is the result of the final step in 
the synthetic scheme taught by Crooke for making fluoro-substituted 
guanosine that can be used in the SPOS synthesis of oligonucleotides in 
Example 4-d. See Ex. 1017, col. 21, ll. 40–44 (“2ˊ-fluoro substituted 
nucleoside amidites are prepared as follows in Examples 4-a through 4-d10 
or alternately as per the method of Kawasaki[11] ”). Id. (citing Ex. 2025, 
831–41, Ex. 1001, cols. 27–28, ll. 61–129). 
 
10 Examples 4-a through 4-c provide synthetic steps for other canonical 2ˊ 
fluoro-substituted ribonucleobases; adenosine, uracil, and cytosine, 
respectively. Ex. 1017 cols. 21–25, ll. 46–30. 
11 A.M. Kawasaki et al., Uniformly Modified 2ˊ-Deoxy-2ˊ-fluoro 
Phosphorothioate Oligonucleotides as Nuclease-Resistant Antisense 
Compounds with High Affinity and Specificity for RNA Targets, 36 J. 
MED. CHEM. 831-41 (1993) (“Kawasaki”) Ex. 2025. 
 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
39 
Pitsch and Fan together teach that acetyl protecting groups can be 
linked to guanosine, and that acetyl has a more rapid, and therefore 
advantageous, rate of deprotection than isobutyryl protecting groups. 
Ex. 1018, 3778; Ex. 1019, Table 1. Where a skilled artisan merely pursues 
“known options” from a “finite number of identified, predictable solutions,” 
obviousness under § 103 arises. KSR, 550 U.S. at 421. 
Consequently, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that 
a person of ordinary skill in the art would not have selected Crooke’s 
compound x as a starting point for modification of the protecting groups. 
 
 
 
Prior art teaches away 
Patent Owner first argues that the prior art teaches away from the use 
of acetyl protecting groups. PO Resp. 24–27. A reference teaches away 
when “a person of ordinary skill, upon reading the reference, would be 
discouraged from following the path set out in the reference, or would be led 
in a direction divergent from the path that was taken by the applicant.” In re 
Gurley, 27 F.3d 551, 553 (Fed. Cir. 1994). 
Specifically, Patent Owner and its expert, Dr Hrdlicka rely upon 
Khorana’s12 teaching that “The N-acetyl group was introduced some years 
 
12 H. Weber and H.G. Khorana, Total Synthesis of the Structural Gene for an 
Alanine Transfer Ribonucleic Acid from Yeast. Chemical Synthesis of an 
Icosadeoxynucleotide Corresponding to the Nucleotide Sequence 21 to 40, 
72 J. MOL. BIOL. 219-49 (1972) (“Khorana”) Ex. 2011. 
 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
40 
ago … but its disappearance to a significant extent during the course of 
synthetic and isolation procedures has repeatedly been observed,” and that 
further investigation showed “the N-isobutyryl group to be considerably 
more stable than the N-acetyl group.” PO Resp. 25 (quoting Ex. 2011, 221). 
However, the Khorana reference upon which Patent Owner relies was 
published in 1972, thirty-seven years prior to the claimed priority date of the 
’885 patent. Furthermore, as Petitioner points out, and Dr. Hrdlicka 
confirms, Khorana’s reported abandonment of acetyl protecting groups was 
discussed in the context of conducting phosphodiester coupling chemistry, 
years before the advent of the phosphoramidite (PIII) coupling chemistry, 
which was developed in the 1980s. See Pet. Reply 10; Ex. 1033, 39–40; 
Ex. 1035 at 113–115 (“Certainly [phosphodiester chemistry is] a different 
chemistry than – it’s different, but protecting groups remain isobutyryl and 
acetyl that are discussed here in this paper.”); Ex. 1007. 
Most importantly, Pitsch and Fan expressly teach the successful 
synthesis and use of acetyl protecting groups with guanosine nucleoside 
phosphoramidites. We acknowledge that Fan does briefly discuss problems 
with acetylation of guanosine compared to isobutyryl: 
We have used the Beigelman procedure to protect the guanosine 
amino group with an isobutyryl group in excellent yield, just as 
reported. In contrast, when we attempted to introduce more 
labile amino protecting groups, such as acetyl … or 
phenoxyacetyl…, the reaction mixtures were dark and the yields 
were unsatisfactory. 
Ex. 1019, 2555 (footnote omitted). However, Fan also expressly teaches 
how these difficulties were surmounted: 
Yet acylation of guanosine with these labile groups, using TMS 
transient protection, is known to proceed smoothly. When we 
then explored treatment of the 3ˊ,5ˊ-di-tert-butylsilylene 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
41 
derivative 5 with TMSCl before acylation, we found that these 
acylations also proceeded smoothly, without generation of dark 
mixtures. 
Id. at 2556 (footnote omitted). 
Most importantly, Fan teaches that use of acetyl protecting groups is 
advantageous in that it has a considerably faster rate of deprotection that 
isobutyryl. Id. at Table 1. Pitsch also praises acetyl protecting groups as 
“suited for a labile universal nucleobase protection,” and as having rapid 
deprotection rates. Ex. 1018, 3778. 
In short, the teachings of the cited prior art in Ground 2 make clear 
that, by 2009, the field of oligonucleotide synthesis had moved on from the 
1972 methods and teachings of Khorana, and that acetyl protecting groups 
for guanosine nucleobases were known and accepted as advantageous in the 
art. We consequently reject Patent Owner’s teaching away argument. 
 
 
A skilled artisan would not have been motivated to 
switch from an isobutyryl group to an acetyl group to 
protect the N2- position of guanine on compound x 
because doing so would have made compound x less 
soluble in organic solvents 
Petitioner relies primarily upon its expert Dr. Hrdlicka’s opinion that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have known that solubility of 
nucleosides in organic solvents is critical during the synthesis of nucleosides 
and during SPOS. PO Resp. 28–29 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 112). According to 
Dr. Hrdlicka, the addition of the smaller, more polar acetyl protecting group 
would render guanosine less soluble than isobutyryl in organic solvents. Id. 
at 29 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 113–114). 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
42 
Dr. Hrdlicka’s expert opinion, however, is contradicted by the 
teachings of Pitsch and Fan. As we explained in the previous section, Fan 
teaches that, using its method, acetylation of guanosine “proceeded 
smoothly.” Ex. 1019, 2556. Nor does Pitsch describe any solubility issues 
in its acetylation method for guanosine. Ex. 1018, 3775 (“A convenient 
synthesis of N2-acetylguanosine (3) was achieved by peracetylation of 
guanosine with Ac2O in DMF/pyridine, followed by cleavage of the O-
bound Ac groups with NaOH in THF/MeOH/H2O”). In view of these 
teachings, and the additional teachings of these references that acetylation 
can be advantageous in view of its rapid deprotection rates (as explained 
above), we conclude that, Dr. Hrdlicka’s opinion notwithstanding, a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to combine the 
teachings of Crooke, Pitsch, and Fan to arrive at the claimed invention. 
 
 
Pitsch and Fan do not study 2ˊ-deoxynucleosides or 
2ˊ-deoxynucleotides and would have produced 
completely different oligonucleotides than produced 
by Crooke’s compound x 
Patent Owner contends that, unlike compound x of Crooke, compound 
20 of Pitsch has an O2ˊ-(triisopropylsilyl)oxy-methyl (“TOM”) group at its 
2ˊ-position (not fluoro) and an acetyl group bound to the N2- guanine. PO 
Resp. 30 (citing Ex. 1018, 3775 (Scheme 1); Ex. 2008 ¶ 118). Likewise, 
argues Patent Owner, Fan’s compound 6a was a nucleoside derivative (not a 
phosphoramidite) that could not have been used during SPOS unless 
transformed into a phosphoramidite. Id. at 31 (Ex. 1019, 2556; Ex. 2008 
¶ 119). Patent Owner asserts that neither reference teaches 2ˊ-
deoxyribonucleotides. Id. at 32. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
43 
Patent Owner also argues that, in 2009, a persistent problem existed 
with at least 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-deoxyribonucleotides, in which oligonucleotides 
with those monomers would degrade. PO Resp. 32–33 (citing Ex. 2024, 
83). 
We do not find these arguments persuasive. The only structural 
difference between corresponding RNA and DNA nucleosides is the 
presence of a hydroxyl group at the 2ˊ position on the 5 carbon ribose sugar 
of RNA nucleosides that is absent in the 2ˊ deoxyribose of DNA. Ex. 1045, 
col. 3, ll. 35–38. This site is chemically distant from the 2ˊ amino group of 
the guanine molecule that is the site of attachment of the acetyl protecting 
group. Moreover, Pitsch and Fan concentrate on acetylation of the guanine 
molecule at the 2ˊN position. See, generally, Ex. 1018; Ex. 1019. Patent 
Owner adduces no persuasive evidence that the presence or absence of a 
hydroxyl group at a site distant from the amino moiety requiring protection 
on the guanine molecule would affect acetylation at that site. 
Moreover, “[t]he test for obviousness is not whether the features of a 
secondary reference may be bodily incorporated into the structure of the 
primary reference…. Rather, the test is what the combined teachings of the 
references would have suggested to those of ordinary skill in the art.” In re 
Keller, 642 F.2d 413, 425 (C.C.P.A. 1981). Crooke teaches the compound 
recited in challenged claim 2, with the exception of having an isobutyryl 
group at the 2ˊN site of the guanine molecule instead of an acetyl. As we 
have explained above, Pitsch and Fan teach methods by which guanine can 
be advantageously acetylated at that site. Pitsch, in particular, teaches that 
acetylation at this site by its method is “indeed suited for a labile universal 
nucleobase protection.” Ex. 1018, 3778 (emphasis added). 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
44 
As for Patent Owner’s argument that degradation was a persistent 
problem in 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-deoxyribonucleotides, Sinha13, which was published 
in 2013 and is not prior art to the ’885 patent, notes that “[t]he 2ˊ-F 
modification is subject to depyrimidation (especially with methylamine or 
ammonia/methylamine deprotection).” Ex. 2024, 83. However, Sinha also 
teaches that “[t]hese side reactions [i.e., depyrimidation] resulting from 
methylamine or methylamine/ammonium hydroxide-based C&D [cleavage 
and deprotection] can often be minimised by using ethanolic ammonia 
solution (7M) for C&D.” Ex. 2024, 83–85. Likewise, Kawasaki reports 
only the potential for degradation, but also reports successfully using 
“methanolic ammonia at room temperature,” noting that “protecting groups 
were cleanly removed by methanolic ammonia,” including from guanosine. 
Ex. 2025, 833. Notably, Crooke also teaches this method, stating that 
“[t]reatment in methanolic ammonia for 24 hrs at room temperature was then 
done to deprotect all bases….” Ex. 1017, col. 40, ll. 48–52. We 
consequently find Patent Owner’s arguments not persuasive. 
 
 
A skilled artisan would not have been motivated by 
Pitsch or Fan to modify Crooke’s compound x to 
make the claimed invention 
Patent Owner first argues that neither Pitsch nor Crooke, alone or in 
combination, compares base deprotection rates of acetyl and isobutyryl 
protecting groups. PO Resp. 36–38. Patent Owner also argues that Fan 
 
13 H. Cramer et al., Oligonucleotide Impurities and their Origin, in 
ANALYSIS OF OLIGONUCLEOTIDES AND THEIR RELATED SUBSTANCES (G. 
Okafo et al., eds.) (2013). (“Sinha”) Ex. 2024. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
45 
discloses deprotection rates on a fundamentally different compound than 
compound x under deprotection conditions that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would have never used on an oligonucleotide. PO Resp. 39–40. 
Patent Owner is quite correct that neither Crooke nor Pitsch compares 
base deprotection rates between acetyl and isobutyryl protecting groups. 
However, Pitsch provides deprotection rates for acetyl protecting groups in 
different nucleosides, including guanosine, and notes the rapidity of the 
deprotection rates, which causes Pitsch to state that acetyl protecting groups 
are suitable “for a labile universal nucleobase protection.” Ex. 1018, 3778. 
With respect to Fan, Patent Owner argues that Fan discloses syntheses 
and deprotection of nucleoside derivatives, which were completely different 
molecules than compound x, and does not teach syntheses of corresponding 
phosphoramidites, or syntheses or deprotection of any oligonucleotide. PO 
Resp. 39. Patent Owner also argues that Fan uses “1.3% methylamine, 2.6% 
ethanol, and 96% methylene chloride by weight” to deprotect the N-acyl 
groups from the N2-position of the subject guanosine derivatives. PO 
Resp. 39–40 (citing Ex. 1019, 2556; Ex. 2008 ¶ 139). Patent Owner and Dr. 
Hrdlicka argue that these are unusual deprotection conditions that were not 
applicable for deprotection of oligonucleotides during SPOS because of the 
risk of precipitation. Id. at 40 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 139; Ex. 2009, 151–152). 
Although the conditions used by Fan may not necessarily be suitable 
for the deprotection of oligonucleotides, Fan provides relative deprotection 
rates for acetyl, isobutyryl, and phenoxyacetyl protecting groups on 
guanosine. We find that that information would have been useful to a 
person of ordinary skill in the art, and would, in view of the teachings of 
Crooke and Pitsch, have motivated a person of ordinary skill to attempt the 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
46 
substitution an acetyl protecting group for the isobutyryl protecting group of 
Crooke’s compound x. 
 
 
 
Use of acetic anhydride in step ii of Example 4-d of 
Crooke would have caused the synthetic scheme to fail 
Patent Owner argues that, contrary to Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Baran’s 
proposed synthetic scheme, substituting acetic anhydride for isobutyric 
anhydride in step ii of Crooke’s Example 4-d and executing the subsequent 
synthetic transformations (steps iii-x) to achieve the compound recited in 
claim 2, would have resulted in failure. PO Resp. 40–42 (citing Ex. 2008 
¶ 146). 
Specifically, Dr. Hrdlicka opines that a skilled artisan would have 
understood that in step i of Example 4-d, compound i is synthesized from 
unprotected guanosine, with a silyl group simultaneously protecting the 3ˊ- 
and 5ˊ-positions of the ribose ring, and the 2ˊ-OH and the N2 amine of the 
guanine base unprotected. PO Resp. 43 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 147–149). 
According to Dr. Hrdlicka, compound i would have then been converted to 
compound ii by the introduction of, inter alia, isobutyric anhydride. Id. at 
44 (citing Ex. 1017, 25; Ex. 2008 ¶ 150). Patent Owner argues that a skilled 
artisan would have expected that using acetic anhydride in step ii of the 
complex synthesis scheme in Example 4-d of Crooke, as proposed by 
Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Baran, would have failed. Id. at 40. 
Patent Owner also argues that Fan teaches that isobutyrylation of 
guanosine derivatives (like compound i) using isobutyryl in its scheme 
worked well, but acetylation (i.e., addition of acetyl groups) of guanosine 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
47 
derivatives did not (“the reaction mixtures were dark and the yields were 
unsatisfactory”). PO Resp. 44–45 (citing Ex. 1019, 2555; Ex. 2008 ¶ 151). 
Patent Owner therefore argues that, in view of the teachings of Fan, a skilled 
artisan would not have had a reasonable expectation of success in acylating 
guanosine. 
We fail to see the relevance of this argument. What is claimed in 
challenged claim 2 of the ’885 patent is the compound itself, and not a 
method of its synthesis. Moreover, the question is not whether Petitioner’s 
expert’s proposed scheme would work, but what a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would have understood in view of the teachings of the prior art. 
Keller, 642 F.2d at 425. As we have explained above, both Pitsch and Fan 
teach successful acylation of the guanine molecule. Ex. 1018, 3778; 
Ex. 1019, 2555–2556. And we have also explained how Fan, while 
acknowledging one failure, as Patent Owner points out, also reports 
successful acylation of guanine. Ex. 1019, 2555-2556 (“Yet acylation of 
guanosine with these labile groups, using TMS transient protection, is 
known to proceed smoothly. When we then explored treatment of the 3ˊ,5ˊ-
di-tert-butylsilylene derivative 5 with TMSCl before acylation, we found 
that these acylations also proceeded smoothly, without generation of dark 
mixtures”). 
The teachings of the prior art indicate that acylation of guanosine was 
well known in the art and could be practiced successfully. Patent Owner’s 
arguments are not persuasive. 
 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
48 
 
Using TBAF in step iii of Crooke’s Example 4-d 
would have cleaved the labile acetyl groups and failed 
Patent Owner next argues that, in step iii of Crooke’s Example 4-d, 
compound ii would have been converted to compound iii, by the 
introduction of, inter alia, tetra-n-butylammonium fluoride (“TBAF”). PO 
Resp. 45. Dr. Hrdlicka points to Ober14 in support of his position that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have expected that removing the 5ˊ-
O, 3ˊ-O-silyl protecting groups in step iii with TBAF also would have 
seriously risked the undesirable removal of the O2ˊ- and/or N2-acetyl 
groups, given the disclosed basic/nucleophilic conditions disclosed, derailing 
the subsequent synthetic transformations towards the N2-acetyl analogue of 
compound x. PO Resp. 46–47 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2015, 18144; Ex. 2008 
¶¶ 155–158). 
We find Patent Owner’s reading of the evidence to be too selective. 
Ober indeed teaches that “[t]he subsequent deprotection of the TBDMS 
groups proved to be difficult due to parallel cleavage of the acetyl protecting 
group under basic fluoride deprotection conditions such as TBAF in THF.” 
Ex. 2015, 18144. However, Ober goes on to state that “the cleavage reaction 
was finally possible with pyridine buffered pyridine-HF complex in ethyl 
acetate.” Id. Ober thus relates how it was able to overcome the encountered 
difficulties and its teachings would point the way for a person of ordinary 
skill to overcome the problem. Patent Owner’s argument in this respect is 
not persuasive. 
 
14 M. Ober et al., Base Pairing and Replicative Processing of the 
Formamidopyrimidine-dG DNA Lesion, 127(51) J. AM. CHEM. SOC. 2005 
18143–49 (2005) (“Ober”) Ex. 2015. 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
49 
 
 
The acetyl group would render compound iii less 
soluble in organic solvents and cause the synthesis to 
fail 
Patent Owner next repeats its argument above that acetylated 
guanosine, with its small, polar acetyl group would have rendered the 
composition less soluble in organic solvents. PO Resp. 47–48 (citing 
Ex. 2009, 176; Ex. 2008 ¶ 158). 
We have explained, in Section III.E.4.(b).ii above why we are not 
persuaded by this argument, and we repeat that reasoning here. Patent 
Owner’s argument is not persuasive in view of the teachings of Pitsch and 
Fan which report either no solubility issues in the acetylation of guanosine 
(Ex. 1018, 3778) or overcoming solubility issues so that acylation proceeded 
“smoothly.” Ex. 1019, 2555–2556. 
 
 
Using sodium hydroxide in step v of Crooke’s 
Example 4-d would have cleaved the 2ˊ and/or n2 
acetyl protecting groups and caused the synthesis to 
fail 
Patent Owner next points to step v of Example 4-d, in which 
compound iv is converted to compound v by the introduction of, inter alia, 
NaOH. PO Resp. 49. Patent Owner argues, citing Büchi15, that had two 
acetyl groups been present on compound iv, instead of the two isobutyryl 
 
15 H. Büchi et al., CV. Total Synthesis of the Structural Gene for an Alanine 
Transfer Ribonucleic Acid from Yeast. Chemical Synthesis of an 
Icosadeoxyribonucleoside Corresponding to the Nucleoside Sequence 31 
to 50, 72 J. MOL. BIOL. 251–88 (1972) (“Büchi”) Ex. 2020. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
50 
groups, the use of sodium hydroxide to remove the O2ˊ-acetyl group in step 
v of Example 4-d would have caused concomitant removal of the N2-acetyl 
group, given the basic/nucleophilic conditions disclosed, which include an 
over 10-fold molar excess of sodium hydroxide (NaOH) relative to the 
reactant nucleoside. Id. at 50 (citing Ex. 2020, 252, 279; Ex. 2008 ¶ 164). 
Patent Owner’s argument is not persuasive because Pitsch teaches the 
use of NaOH at the analogous step in its synthesis, obtaining a 77% yield, 
and not reporting any problems. Ex. 1018, 3787 (“N2-Acetylguanosine”). 
Furthermore, Büchi teaches only partial deacetylation of deoxyguanosine-5ˊ-
phosphates in NaOH; after two hours in a molar excess of NaOH16, only 
18% had been deacetylated—an 82% yield. Ex. 2020, Table 1. Patent 
Owner’s arguments that a person of ordinary skill in the art would not have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in arriving at the compound recited 
in challenged claim 2 are not persuasive. 
 
 
Petitioner’s additional arguments lack evidentiary 
bases 
Finally, Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s argument that a skilled 
artisan “could have also synthesized the molecule claimed in Claim 2 … by 
starting with 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-deoxyguanosine, either acquired from a 
 
16 Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Baran, notes that both Büchi and step v of 
Crooke’s Example 4-d employ a molar excess of sodium hydroxide for 
the same two-hour exposure period. Ex. 1033 ¶ 76 (citing Ex. 1017, 
col. 26, ll. 49–50; Ex. 2020, Table 1). 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
51 
commercial source or synthesized according to Sivets,17” lacks support, is 
speculative, and constitutes hindsight reconstruction. PO Resp. 51–54 
(quoting Pet. 37–38, which in turn cites Ex. 1028, compound 17). 
Patent Owner points to Dr. Hrdlicka’s testimony that a skilled artisan 
would have known that compound 17 of Sivets is not an N9-linked 2ˊ-
fluoro-2ˊ-deoxyguanosine, as recited in claim 2, but is instead an isomeric 
N7-linked 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-deoxyguanosine, and each are completely different 
molecules. PO Resp. 51 (citing Ex. 1028, 1821; Ex. 2008 ¶ 168). 
Moreover, Patent Owner argues, even if, arguendo, 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-
deoxyguanosine would react similarly to 2ˊ-deoxyguanosine, then it follows 
that a person of skill in the art would have understood that 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-
deoxyguanosine would have suffered from similar solubility problems as 2ˊ-
deoxyguanosine during acetylation. PO Resp. 52–53 (citing Ex. 2012, 3822; 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 171). Dr. Hrdlicka testifies that an artisan of ordinary skill 
would have known that 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-deoxyguanosine and 2ˊ-deoxyguanosine 
would have had markedly different electronegativities, and would have 
expected those differences to have had a significant effect on the 
conformations of the resulting nucleosides and their reactivities. Id. at 53 
(citing Ex. 2014, 1421; Ex. 2008 ¶ 171). 
We are not persuaded. As an initial matter, we have addressed above 
Patent Owner’s arguments regarding the purported decreased solubility of 
acetylated guanosine, and we find them no more persuasive upon repetition. 
 
17 G.G. Sivets et al., Synthesis and Conformational Analysis of 1ˊ- and 3ˊ-
Substituted 2-Deoxy-2-fluoro-d-ribofuranosyl Nucleosides, 90 HELVETICA 
CHIMICA ACTA 1818–36 (2007) (“Sivets”) Ex. 1028. 
 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
52 
With respect to Dr. Hrdlicka’s reliance upon Guschlbauer18 to support 
his opinion that a skilled artisan would have known that 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-
deoxyguanosine and 2ˊ-deoxyguanosine would have had markedly different 
electronegativities with a significant effect on the conformations of the 
resulting nucleosides and their reactivities, we do not agree. See PO Resp. 
53 (citing Ex. 2014). Patent Owner does not point to, nor can we discern, 
any teaching or suggestion in Guschlbauer that addresses the relative 
reactivity of 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-deoxy and 2ˊ-deoxy nucleosides. Indeed, Example 
4-d of Crooke teaches that protecting groups can be added to the 2ˊ-fluoro-
2ˊ-deoxyguanosine, and Patent Owner offers no persuasive evidence that an 
acetyl protecting group could not have been added as a substitute for the 
isobutyryl protecting group taught by Crooke. Ex. 1017, cols. 25–26, ll. 33–
23. And, as we have explained, Pitsch and Fan, which both teach acetylation 
of guanosine and guanine, strongly suggest that it could be substituted. 
 
 
Finally, Patent Owner argues that secondary indicia of non-
obviousness further establish that claim 2 is not obvious. PO Resp. 54. 
Dr. Hrdlicka testifies that, when describing their invention in the ’885 
patent’s Specification, the inventors explained that peers in the 
oligonucleotide field were experiencing difficulty in obtaining pure chimeric 
oligoribonucleotides. PO Resp. 55 (citing Ex. 1001, cols. 10–11, ll. 65–4; 
 
18 W. Guschlbauer et al., Nucleoside Conformation is Determined by the 
Electronegativity of the Sugar Substituent, 8(6) NUCLEIC ACIDS RES. 
1421–33 (1980) (“Guschlbauer”) Ex. 2014. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
53 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 184). Patent Owner notes that the inventors further explained 
that the 2ˊ-fluoro atom on 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-deoxyribonucleotide monomers of 
chimeric oligoribonucleotides was lost (as hydrogen fluoride) under “usual 
deprotection conditions,” thus resulting in the formation of chimeric 
oligonucleotides with monomers lacking fluorine. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 
col. 11, ll. 15–17; Ex. 2008 ¶ 185). According to the inventors, under the 
strongly basic conditions, there was a loss of fluorine molecules as well as 
depyrimidation of uracil and cytosine, an issue also recognized in the 
literature. Id. at 55–57 (citing Ex. 1001, col. 11, ll. 12–47; Ex. 2024, 83; 
Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 186, 187). 
Dr. Hrdlicka testifies that, in addressing this longstanding industry 
need, the applicants of the ’885 patent reported the following unexpected 
results: 
Our data shows that by utilizing n-acetyl-guanine protected 
ribonucleoside phosphoramidites, used in oligo with 2ˊ-fluoro 
substitution, high quality full length RNA were obtained. It is 
therefore imperative to utilize 2ˊ-fluoro-2ˊ-deoxy nucleosides 
and corresponding phosphoramidites with guanine protecting 
groups having N-2 acetyl guanine for mild and shorter base 
deprotection protocol. 
PO Resp. 57–58 (quoting Ex. 1001, col. 11, ll. 48–55; and citing Ex. 2008 
¶ 188). Dr. Hrdlicka testifies the results cited in the ’885 Specification were 
unexpected compared to the properties of Petitioner’s alleged closest prior 
art, Crooke’s compound x. Id. at 58 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 189). 
Dr. Hrdlicka further opines that this result is supported by Kawasaki, 
which reports “significant degradation of the 2ˊ-deoxy-2ˊ-fluoropyrimidine 
nucleosides” while under “the usual oligonucleotide deprotection conditions 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
54 
(concentrated NH4OH, 55oC).” PO Resp. 58 (quoting Ex. 2025, 833; and 
citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 190). 
Patent Owner concludes that, because at least one of the molecules 
described in the ’885 patent satisfied a long-felt industry need and 
demonstrated unexpected results, the same phosphoramidite recited in 
challenged claim 2 is entitled to a presumption of a nexus between the 
asserted evidence and the patent claim. PO Resp. 59 (citing Fox Factory, 
Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019); Henny Penny Co. 
v. Frymaster LLC, 938 F.3d 1324, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 2019); Ex. 2008 ¶ 195). 
We do not find Patent Owner’s arguments persuasive. We have 
addressed Dr. Hrdlicka’s arguments concerning Kawasaki above, finding 
that Kawasaki reports only the potential for depyrimidation and offers a 
solution to that issue. 
With respect to the secondary objective evidence of nonobviousness, 
our reviewing court has recognized that such evidence can include 
commercial success, industry praise, unexpected results, copying, industry 
skepticism, licensing, and long-felt but unsolved need. See Apple Inc. v. 
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., 839 F.3d 1034, 1052 (Fed. Cir. 2016). As 
evidence of nonobviousness, Patent Owner offers only the statements of the 
applicants during prosecution of the application that matured into the ’885 
patent, in which the then-applicants quote the ’885 Specification. Such 
evidence, is not objective evidence of nonobviousness as required by the 
Federal Circuit. Dr. Baran notes, and we agree, that Patent Owner does not 
point to any statements from any independent third-party asserting that any 
long-felt need to obtain pure chimeric oligoribonucleotides when using 2ˊ- 
fluoro-2ˊ-deoxyribonucleotides. See Ex. 1033 ¶ 87. The ’885 Patent cites 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
55 
two conference presentations as examples of this alleged difficulty, but does 
not provide any details concerning the actual reaction conditions employed. 
Id. (citing PO Resp. 57; Ex. 1001, col. 11, ll. 37–47 Ex. 2008 ¶ 187). Nor 
does Patent Owner provide any copies of these presentations as evidence of 
record 
Patent Owner argues further that Sinha corroborates these conference 
presentations. See PO Resp. 57. However, and as we have explained, Sinha 
was published in 2013, and is not prior art to the ’885 patent. But to the 
extent that Sinha does teach difficulties with degradation associated with 
deprotection, Sinha’s publication date (2013) suggests that any perceived 
long-felt need in the field was not, indeed, satisfied by the disclosures of the 
’885 patent, which claims a priority date of 2009. And, as we have also 
explained above, Sinha (as well as Kawasaki) expressly teaches how to 
avoid degradation of oligonucleotides that contain 2ˊ- fluoro-2ˊ-
deoxyribonucleotides by using different deprotection conditions. Ex. 2024 
at 83–86; Ex. 2025, 831–41. 
Furthermore, its arguments to the contrary notwithstanding, Patent 
Owner has not persuasively shown that anyone tried and failed to make the 
claimed compound. To be sure, Sinha and Kawasaki describe problems with 
degradation, however, and as we have explained above, they also 
demonstrate how such problems could be overcome. And, as we have noted, 
Sinha is not prior art to the ’885 patent and so does not reflect the state of the 
field, including any long-felt need, at the time of filing. Ex. 2024 at 83–86; 
Ex. 2025, 831–41. 
Patent Owner’s arguments concerning its alleged unexpected results 
are similarly not persuasive. See PO Resp. 57–58. As we have explained 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
56 
above, a person of ordinary skill in the art, upon comprehending the 
teachings of the cited prior art, would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success in synthesizing the claimed compound. Moreover, Patent Owner’s 
claim of unexpected results in obtaining “high quality full length RNA” is 
not commensurate in scope with claim 2, which claims only 
phosphoramidite compounds and does not claim RNA oligonucleotides, or 
any process for synthesizing them. 
To the extent that Patent Owner has thus presented secondary 
objective evidence of nonobviousness, we find it is not of sufficient 
probative weight to overcome Petitioner’s showing, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that the challenged claim 2 is obvious over the cited prior art. 
See Leapfrog Enters. Inc. v. Fisher-Price Inc., 485 F.3d 1157, 1162 (Fed. 
Cir. 2007) (holding that “given the strength of the prima facie obviousness 
showing, the evidence on secondary considerations was inadequate to 
overcome a final conclusion” of obviousness). 
We consequently conclude that Petitioner has established, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claim 2 is obvious over the prior art 
cited in Ground 2 and that Patent Owner’s arguments do not overcome our 
conclusion. 
 
 
As we related above, challenged claim 2 recites a derivatized 
nucleoside and phosphoramidite where “B” is, inter alia, guanine-N-acetyl 
and “Z” is ribo fluoro. The claimed molecule is depicted again below: 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
57 
 
Claimed molecule recited in challenged claim 2 where “B” is 
guanine-N-acetyl and “Z” is ribo fluoro 
Pet. 39. 
 
 
 
Vater is U.S. Patent 7,879,991 B2, issued on February 1, 2011. 
Among other things, Vater teaches 2ˊ-fluoro-L-cytidine phosphoramidite. 
This molecule is depicted in Figure 16(5) of Vater and reproduced below: 
 
2ˊ-fluoro-L-cytidine phosphoramidite; “iPr” is an abbreviation 
for an isopropyl group 
 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
58 
 
Petitioner argues that the only difference between the 
phosphoramidite in challenged claim 2 of the ’885 patent (where “B” is 
guanine-N-acetyl and “Z” is ribo fluoro) and the 2ˊ-fluoro-L-cytidine 
phosphoramidite in Figure 16(5) of Vater is the nucleobase present: the 
former has a guanine (“G”) base whereas the latter has a cytosine (“C”) 
base. Pet. 40 (Ex. 1003 ¶ 127). 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have recognized that the purpose of a phosphoramidite compound was to 
serve as a building block for incorporating the corresponding nucleobase 
into a growing oligonucleotide chain through automated SPOS. Pet. 40. 
According to Petitioner, such a skilled artisan would also have known that 
the synthesis of most oligonucleotides would require the incorporation of all 
four canonical nucleobases. Id. Therefore, argues Petitioner, the 2ˊ-fluoro-
L-cytidine phosphoramidite disclosed in Figure 16(5) of Vater would have 
motivated a POSA to build the structurally analogous 2ˊ-fluoro-guanosine 
phosphoramidite claimed in challenged claim 2 of the ’885 patent, especially 
in view of Pitsch, which would have informed one of ordinary skill about the 
advantages of using an acetyl protecting group to protect the exocyclic NH2 
group of the guanine nucleobase. Id. at 40–41 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 128). 
Petitioner also contends that, as argued in the previous section with 
respect to challenged claim 2, a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have had a reasonable expectation of successfully synthesizing the molecule 
in claim 2 of the ’885 patent. Pet. 41. 
 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
59 
 
Patent Owner first argues that Vater teaches a totally different 
molecule than that recited in challenged claim 2 of the ’885 patent. PO 
Resp. 61. Patent Owner argues further that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would have recognized that Vater’s compound 5 in Figure 16 is an L-
configured nucleoside, as disclosed by Vater. Id. at 62 (citing Ex. 1020, 
col. 16, ll. 38–40; 45:45–48; Ex. 1003 ¶ 127; Ex. 2009, 180; Ex. 2008 
¶ 199). Dr. Hrdlicka, Patent Owner’s expert, opines that a skilled artisan 
would have also understood that the compound recited in challenged claim 2 
of the ’885 patent is a D-configured nucleoside. Id. (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 201–
205). 
Patent Owner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood that these molecules would have had to been prepared 
completely differently, would have had opposite stereochemical 
configurations, would have required different starting materials for their 
synthesis (i.e., enantiomeric starting materials), and would have reacted 
completely differently during SPOS. PO Resp. 63–64 (citing Ex. 2008 
¶ 207). 
Patent Owner also again argues that Petitioner fails to provide any 
reasoning why a skilled artisan would have selected Vater’s compound 5 as 
a lead compound. PO Resp. 64 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 208; Pet. 40). Patent 
Owner again argues that this suggests impermissible hindsight 
reconstruction on Petitioner’s part. Id. 
Patent Owner further argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would not have been motivated by Vater and Pitsch to synthesize the N2-
acetyl-2ˊ-F-2ˊ-deoxyguanosine of challenged claim 2. PO Resp. 65. Patent 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
60 
Owner argues that Petitioner’s arguments are illogical and its expert’s 
testimony conclusory. Id. Petitioner also recapitulates its arguments 
concerning Pitsch that it advanced with respect to Ground 2 above. Id. 
Furthermore, argues Patent Owner, a skilled artisan would have 
understood that Vater teaches that pyrimidine nucleotides were to be 
configured with F at the 2ˊ-position. PO Resp. at 65–66 (citing Ex. 1020, 
12; Ex. 2008 ¶ 213). However, Patent Owner asserts, the guanine base of 
challenged claim 2 of the ’885 patent is a purine, not a pyrimidine base, and 
therefore Vater would not have motivated a skilled artisan to synthesize a 
N2-Acetyl-2ˊ-F-2ˊ-deoxyguanosine, as recited in challenged claim 2. Id. 
Patent Owner also contends that Vater would not have motivated a 
skilled artisan because Vater is directed to L-configured nucleic acids, not 
D-configured phosphoramidites (as in challenged claim 2), and thus teaches 
instability of D-configured nucleic acids in aqueous solutions and biological 
systems. PO Resp. 66 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 214; Ex. 1020, 12). 
Patent Owner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art also 
would not have had a reasonable expectation of successfully synthesizing 
the molecule in challenged claim 2 based on Vater. PO Resp. 67. Patent 
Owner contends that nowhere in its Petition does Petitioner provide 
sufficient evidence or reasoning for a reasonable expectation of success 
based on Vater or its compound 5, which is a completely different molecule 
from compound x of Crooke and the molecules disclosed in Pitsch. Id. 
(citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 217). 
Finally, Patent Owner repeats its arguments from Ground 2 with 
respect to objective evidence of nonobviousness. PO Resp. 67. 
 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
61 
 
Having reviewed the parties’ arguments and the evidence of record, 
we conclude that Petitioner has established, by a preponderance of the 
evidence of record, that challenged claim 2 is obvious over Vater and Pitsch. 
The compounds recited in challenged claim 2 and in Figure 16(5) 
(compound 5) of Vater are depicted side-by-side below: 
 
 
Petitioner’s annotated diagram comparing the compound recited 
in claim 2 of the ’885 patent (left) with compound 5 of Vater 
(right) 
We agree with Patent Owner that phosphoramidite compound 5 has a 
pyrimidine cytidine molecule as its base, rather than the purine guanine 
residue of challenged claim 2. But we find persuasive Petitioner’s argument 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art, preparing phosphoramidite 
nucleobases as a prelude to oligonucleotide synthesis, would find it equally 
obvious to prepare phosphoramidite nucleobases of each of the canonical 
nucleobases, because all of these may be necessary to the synthesis of a 
given completed oligonucleotide. 
For the same reason, a skilled artisan would have been motivated to 
combine the teachings of Vater and Pitsch to arrive at the compound recited 
in challenged claim 2. Pitsch expressly teaches that acetyl groups are useful 
as protecting groups in cytosine-based phosphoramidites: “For protection of 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
62 
the exocyclic NH2 functions of the nucleobases, we have chosen the [acetyl] 
group, which, as a protecting group for cytosine nucleosides, is already used 
in combination with a convenient deprotection scheme involving a mixture 
of aqueous NH3 solution and MeNH2.” Ex. 1018, 3778. Pitsch teaches that 
the deprotection half-life of 2ˊ-O-tom-protected N4-acetylcytidine is less 
than 2 minutes. Id. And, again, Pitsch teaches that “the [acetyl] group, in 
combination with MeNH2, is indeed suited for a labile universal nucleobase 
protection.” Id. (emphasis added). 
Furthermore, the references themselves establish a reasonable 
expectation of success in arriving at the claimed compound. Pitsch 
expressly teaches that an acetyl protecting group can be used equally 
effectively with cytosine and guanosine nucleobases. Ex. 1018, 3778. 
Consequently, we conclude that a person of ordinary skill in the art, 
knowing that phosphoramidite nucleobases of all of the canonical 
nucleobases, including cytosine (as taught by Vater) and guanosine (as 
taught by Crooke) are necessary for oligonucleotides, and further knowing 
that both cytosine and guanosine phosphoramidites can be acetylated (and 
subsequently deprotected) by the method of Pitsch, would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in combining the teachings of the 
references to arrive at the claimed invention. 
We do not find Patent Owner’s arguments to the contrary persuasive. 
We have addressed some of those arguments in the preceding discussion of 
Ground 2. With respect to Patent Owner’s contention that Vater teaches an 
L-configured phosphoramidite, rather than a D-configured phosphoramidite, 
as in challenged claim 2, Vater teaches that “[t]he nucleic acids according to 
the present invention can either be D nucleic acids or L nucleic acids,” and 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
63 
that “parts of these longer nucleic acids can be either a D nucleic acid or an 
L nucleic acid[, and such parts] can have a function, [such as] immobilizing, 
cross-linking, proof or amplification.” Ex. 1020, (Ex. 1020, col. 11, ll. 32–
67). As such, a person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
that either D- or L- enantiomers are equally contemplated within the scope 
of Vater’s teachings. 
With respect to Patent Owner’s allegation that Petitioner has 
employed impermissible hindsight reasoning: 
Any judgment on obviousness is in a sense necessarily a 
reconstruction based upon hindsight reasoning, but so long as it 
takes into account only knowledge which was within the level of 
ordinary skill at the time the claimed invention was made and 
does not include knowledge gleaned only from applicant's 
disclosure, such a reconstruction is proper. 
In re McLaughlin, 443 F.2d 1392, 1395 (C.C.P.A. 1971). In its arguments, 
Patent Owner does not point to any knowledge that could have been gleaned 
only from the Specification of the ’885 patent. Its hindsight allegation, 
consequently, is without merit. 
Finally, we have addressed Patent Owner’s arguments concerning its 
secondary indicia of nonobviousness in Section III.E.4.d. above. We 
incorporate by reference those arguments with respect to Ground 3 as well, 
and arrive at the same conclusion that Patent Owner’s arguments in this 
respect are insufficient to overcome Petitioner’s showing that claim 2 is 
obvious over Vater and Pitsch. 
 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
64 
 
Claim 3 recites: 
3. 
Derivatized nucleosides, succinates and solid supports 
of general formula 2, 
 
where B is Guanine-N-acetyl , or adenine-N–acetyl 
W = ribo fluoro or ara fluoro, and R is absent 
Z is C(O)-M-C(O)-NH, where M is selected from the group 
consisting of [ethyl19], oxalyl, and hydroquinolynyl 
and NH is capable of being attached to a solid support with a 
spacer selected from the group consisting of C1–C20 alkyl, 
ethyloxyglycol, and a combination of alkyl and ethyleneglycoxy. 
Ex. 1001, cols. 25–26, ll. 64–17. 
 
 
 
Scaringe is an article entitled Chemical Synthesis of Biologically 
Active Oligoribonucleotides using β-Cyanoethyl Protected Ribonucleoside 
Phosphoramidites, and published in the journal Nucleic Acids Research on 
September 25, 1990. Ex. 1022, 5433. Scaringe is directed to “[t]he 
preparation of fully protected diisopropylamino β-cyanoethyl ribonucleoside 
phosphoramidites.” Id. at Abstr. Scaringe notes that “the need to protect the 
 
19 See Pet. 18–20; PO Resp. 15; see also Section III.A, supra. 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
65 
additional 2ˊ-hydroxyl group in RNA has hindered the development of a 
practical method to synthesize RNA.” Id. at 5433. 
Scaringe explains how to convert each of the four canonical RNA 
nucleosides, including an N2-isobutyryl, 2ˊ-O-TBDMS protected guanosine, 
to either its corresponding phosphoramidite or succinylated derivative. 
Ex. 1022, 5434, 5440. Scaringe also teaches that the succinylated 
derivatives are coupled to LCAA-CPG to prepare the solid supports for 
SPOS. Id. at 5435. 
Scaringe concludes “that the ribonucleoside phosphoramidites 2a-d 
are > 99.95% isomerically pure. We have further demonstrated that the 
protecting group strategy used led to the successful preparation, 
deprotection, and isolation of RNA.” Ex. 1022, 5438. 
 
 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood that the compound recited in challenged claim 3, in which “B” is 
guanine-N-acetyl, “W” is ribo fluoro, and “Z” is a succinyl group bound to 
“-NH” (i.e., such that “M” is ethyl), claims the following molecule: 
 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
66 
Compound of claim 3 in which “B” is guanine-N-acetyl, “W” is 
ribo fluoro, and “Z” is a succinyl group bound to “—NH” 
Pet. 42, 43 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 138). 
Petitioner argues that the -NH group (circled in blue in the above 
illustration) on the succinyl group is capable of being attached to a solid 
support with a spacer selected from the group of spacers recited in 
challenged claim 3. Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 139). Petitioner argues that 
challenged claims 2 and 3 claim nearly identical structures, as shown by the 
following table: 
 
Pet. 44 (citing (Ex. 1003 ¶ 142). The above table compares the limitations 
of claims 2 and 3, to show the similarity between the limitations of these 
claims. Petitioner contends that the compounds recited in claims 2 and 3 
differ only with respect to the moiety bound to the 3ˊ-O of the sugar ring: in 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
67 
claim 2, “X” is cyanoethyl dialkyl phosphoramidite, whereas in claim 3, “Z” 
can be a succinyl-NH in which the NH is capable of attachment to a solid 
support with one of the recited spacers. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 143). 
Petitioner repeats its arguments with respect to Ground 2 above, that: 
(1) the guanosine phosphoramidite made in Crooke’s Example 4-d has an 
isobutyryl protecting group at the exocyclic NH2 group of the guanine base 
of that molecule; (2) a person of ordinary skill in the art would have been 
motivated by the respective teachings of Pitsch and Fan to make and use a 
similar guanosine phosphoramidite, but with an acetyl instead of an 
isobutyryl protecting group; and (3) such a skilled artisan would have had a 
reasonable expectation of successfully arriving at the nucleoside and 
phosphoramidite recited in claim 2 of the ’885 patent, in which “B” is 
guanine-N-acetyl and “Z” is ribo fluoro. Pet. 45 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 141). 
Petitioner contends that a person of skill in the art would have 
understood that it was well known in the art that, in solid phase 
oligonucleotide synthesis using phosphoramidite chemistry, the side group 
bound to the O on the 3ˊ C of a nucleoside (i.e., “X” in Claim 2 and “Z” in 
claim 3) could be either a phosphoramidite (as recited in claim 2) or a 
succinate (as recited in claim 3). Pet. 45 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 144). Petitioner 
contends that Scaringe explains how to convert each of the four canonical 
RNA nucleosides, including an N2-isobutyryl, 2ˊ-O-TBDMS protected 
guanosine, to either its corresponding phosphoramidite or succinylated 
derivative. Id. at 45–46 (citing Ex. 1022, 5434, 5440). Petitioner asserts 
that Scaringe further explains that the succinylated derivatives are coupled to 
LCAA-CPG to prepare the solid supports for SPOS: “All solid phase 
syntheses were performed on commercially available DNA synthesizers … 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
68 
on a 0.5 μmol scale using derivatized 1000 Å CPG [] solid supports. These 
supports were prepared by the coupling of compounds 5a-d to LCAA-CPG.” 
Id. at 46 (citing Ex. 1022, 5435, 5440). 
Petitioner contends that it was known in the art that LCAA-CPG 
stands for “long chain alkyl amine controlled pore glass,” a commonly used 
solid support used in SPOS, in which the “long chain alkyl” functions as a 
spacer attaching the “amine” group to the “controlled pore glass.” Pet. 47 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 146; Ex. 1023, 74). Petitioner argues that a skilled artisan 
would also have regarded a C6 alkyl as a suitable long chain alkyl spacer 
which falls within the claimed “C1–C20 alkyl” recited in claim 3. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 147; Ex. 1007, 2229 (molecule #40)). 
Petitioner therefore asserts that Scaringe demonstrates that those of 
ordinary skill would have had a reasonable expectation of success of: (1) 
synthesizing the molecule recited in challenged claim 3 of the ’885 patent 
(where “B” is guanine-N-acetyl and “W” is ribo fluoro); and (2) attaching 
that molecule to a “long chain alkyl amine controlled pore glass.” Pet. 47. 
 
 
Patent Owner repeats its arguments with respect to Ground 2 above, 
contending that: (1) Petitioner fails to provide a rationale as to why a skilled 
artisan would have chosen Crooke’s compound x as a lead compound; (2) 
neither Pitsch nor Fan would have motivated a POSA to modify compound x 
to make the compounds claimed in claim 2; (3) a POSA would not have had 
a reasonable expectation of success in synthesizing the compounds recited in 
claim 2; and (4) secondary indicia of non-obviousness also establish that 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
69 
challenged claim 3 is not unpatentable. PO Resp. 69 (citing Ex. 2008 
¶ 224). 
Patent Owner argues further that Scaringe does not disclose 2ˊ-F 
groups and instead uses an O2ˊ-TBDMS group and only teaches using an 
isobutyryl protecting group, and not acetyl, to protect the N2-position of the 
guanine nucleobase, and does not disclose deprotection rates. PO Resp. 70 
(citing Ex. 1022, 5434; Ex. 2008 ¶ 226). 
 
 
We conclude that Petitioner has established, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that claim 3 is obvious over the cited prior art. As Petitioner 
notes, compound 5 of Scaringe’s Figure 1 and the recited compound of 
challenged claim 3 are identical20, with the exception that the functional 
group at the 3ˊ-O position is either cyanoethyl dialkyl phosphoramidite in 
challenged claim 2 or is C(O)-M-C(O)-NH, where M is selected from the 
group consisting of ethyl, oxalyl, and hydroquinolynyl, and NH is capable of 
being attached to a solid support with a spacer selected from the group 
consisting of C1-C20 alkyl, ethyloxyglycol, and a combination of alkyl and 
ethyleneglycoxy in challenged claim 3. 
We have explained at length above why we conclude that Petitioner 
has successfully established that the compound of challenged claim 2 is 
obvious over Crooke, Pitsch, and Fan, and why Patent Owner’s arguments 
 
20 This despite the different letters used to indicate various subgroups 
between the two claims, e.g., Z/W for “ribo fluoro or ara fluoro” and W/R 
“is absent.” 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
70 
are insufficient to overcome Petitioner’s showing. See Section III.E.4, 
supra. We incorporate our same reasoning here with respect to Ground 4. 
That leaves us with only the question of whether the limitation 
reciting “Z is C(O)-M-C(O)-NH, where M is selected from the group 
consisting of [ethyl], oxalyl, and hydroquinolynyl and NH is capable of 
being attached to a solid support with a spacer selected from the group 
consisting of C1–C20 alkyl, ethyloxyglycol, and a combination of alkyl and 
ethyleneglycoxy” is obvious over the prior art. 
Scaringe expressly teaches how to convert each of the four canonical 
RNA nucleosides, including an N2-isobutyryl, 2ˊ-O-TBDMS protected 
guanosine, into either its corresponding phosphoramidite or succinylated 
derivative. See, e.g., Ex. 1022, 5440 (“Synthesis of 5ˊ-O(dimethoxytrityl)-
2ˊ-O-(t-butyldimethylsylyl) ribonucleoside 3ˊ-O-succinates (5a-d)”). We 
also agree with Petitioner that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood that Scaringe teaches that its succinylated nucleosides were 
coupled to LCAA-CPG so as to permit SPOS, and that Scaringe’s 6C alkyl 
LCAA chain spacer falls within the claimed C1–C20 alkyl spacer of 
challenged claim 4. 
As we have explained with respect to Ground 2 above, we conclude 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to select 
and modify Crooke’s compound x, in view of the teachings of Fan and 
Pitsch, to substitute an acetyl protecting group for the isobutyryl group 
taught by Crooke, with a reasonable expectation of success in arriving at the 
claimed invention. See Section III.E.4, supra. We further conclude, in view 
of the teachings of Scaringe, that a person of ordinary skill would have been 
motivated to add Crooke’s modified compound x, a succinyl group at the 3ˊ-

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
71 
O position of the nucleoside to facilitate attachment of the C6 LCAA-CPG 
alkyl spacer for attachment in process of solid phase oligonucleotide 
synthesis (SPOS) and, as Scaringe teaches, would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so. See Ex. 2022, 5440. 
Patent Owner’s arguments are not persuasive. In addition to its 
repeated arguments with respect to Ground 2, which we have addressed in 
Section III.E.4 above, Patent Owner argues: (1) that Scaringe does not 
disclose 2ˊ-F groups and instead uses an O2ˊ-TBDMS group; (2) teaches 
using an isobutyryl protecting group, and not acetyl, to protect the N2-
position of the guanine nucleobase; and (3) does not disclose deprotection 
rates. See PO Resp. 70. 
With respect to (1), Crooke’s compound x is 2ˊ-fluoro-substituted 
guanosine, and Crooke further teaches that 2ˊ-fluoro substituted nucleobases 
are very useful due to their increased binding affinity. See Ex. 1017, cols. 
25–28, ll. 34–19, col. 12, ll. 3–31. Patent Owner adduces no evidence of 
record that substituting a fluoro group at the 2ˊ position would render 
Scaringe’s methods inoperable. We agree with Patent Owner that Scaringe 
teaches using an isobutyryl protecting group (2) but, as we have explained 
with respect to Ground 2, a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
been motivated to substitute an acetyl protecting group to obtain a likely 
faster deprotection rate. And with respect to (3), although Scaringe does not 
disclose deprotection rates, such rates are not recited in, or required by, the 
challenged claims. Furthermore, and as we have explained with respect to 
Ground 2 above, both Fan and Pitsch suggest that acetyl protecting groups 
have more rapid rates of deprotection that isobutyryl. See Section III.E.4, 
supra. We consequently conclude that Patent Owner’s arguments in this 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
72 
respect are insufficient to overcome Petitioner’s showing that claim 3 is 
obvious over the cited prior art. 
 
 
Challenged claim 4 recites: 
4. 
Derivatized nucleosides, succinates and solid supports of 
general formula 2, 
 
wherein, B is selected from the group consisting of guanine-N-
acetyl, 
adenine-N-acetyl, 
cytosine-N-acetyl, 
cytosine-N-
isobutyryl, 5-methyl cytosine-N-acetyl, and 5-methyl cytosine-
N-isobutyryl; 
W is Oxygen 
and R is selected from the group consisting of t-butyldimethyl 
silyl, 
acetal 
levulinyl 
ester 
(ALE), 
pivaloyloxy, 
cyanoethylmethylene (CEM), dithiomethylene (DTM)); and 
Z is C(O)-M-C(O)—NH, 
where M is selected from the group consisting of [ethyl21], 
oxalyl, and hydroquinolynyl, 
and NH is capable of being attached to a solid support with a 
spacer selected from the group consisting of C1–C20 alkyl, 
ethyloxyglycol, and a combination of alkyl and ethyleneglycoxy 
Ex. 1001, col. 26, ll. 18–43. 
 
 
21 See fn.16, supra. 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
73 
 
Petitioner points to compound 5 of Scaringe’s Figure 1 as disclosing 
an almost identical compound to that recited in challenged claim 4, in which 
“B” is guanine-N-isobutyryl. Pet. 50. Compound 5 of Scaringe’s Figure 1 
is reproduced below: 
 
Compound 5 of Scaringe’s Figure 1 
Petitioner argues that Scaringe’s compound 5(c) differs from the 
compound recited in challenged claim 4 only with respect to the protecting 
group on the exocyclic NH2 of the guanine base: compound 5(c) has an 
isobutyryl protecting group, whereas claim 4 claims an acetyl-N-guanine. 
Pet. 50 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 153). 
Petitioner repeats its arguments with respect to both Ground 2 and 4 
above, contending that a person of ordinary skill would have been motivated 
by the teachings of Pitsch and Fan to substitute an acetyl protecting group 
for the isobutyryl protecting group of Scaringe’s compound 5(c). Pet. 51. 
Petitioner also argues that a skilled artisan would have recognized that the 
substitution of the protecting group on the exocyclic NH2 group of the 
guanine base would not be affected by the 2ˊ-O-TBDMS protecting group, 
which was commonly used to shield the 2ˊ-OH. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 155). 
Petitioner argues that this substitution of the protecting group on the 
exocyclic NH2 group of the guanine base would have resulted in a 5ˊ-O-

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
74 
DMT-2ˊ-O-TBDMS N2-acetyl-guanosine 3ˊ-O-succinate. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 155). Petitioner again argues that Scaringe discloses the 
coupling of this succinate to LCAA-CPG to prepare the solid support for 
SPOS, and that a person of ordinary skill would have regarded a C6 alkyl as 
a suitable spacer. Id. at 51–52 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 156; Ex. 1022, 5435; 
Ex. 1007, 2229 (molecule #40)). 
 
 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner makes no showing as to why a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have selected compound 5(c) as a 
lead compound as the “most promising to modify in order to improve upon 
its [] activity and obtain a compound with better activity,” or why a skilled 
artisan “would have had a reason to select [compound 5(c)] from the 
panoply of known [nucleoside building blocks] in the prior art.” PO Resp. 
73 (citing Takeda Chem., 492 F.3d at 1357; Otsuka, 678 F.3d at 1292). 
Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Hrdlicka, opines that a skilled artisan 
would not have chosen compound 5(c) as a lead compound. PO Resp. 73 
(citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 234). According to Dr. Hrdlicka, Scaringe teaches that 
the syntheses of RNA oligoribonucleotides via SPOS, which for RNA 
proceeds in the 3ˊ to 5ˊ direction and that, in SPOS, the 3ˊ-end would have 
been bound, via the succinate, to a solid support. PO Resp. 73–74 (citing 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 235). Dr. Hrdlicka points to Scaringe’s Table 4 as disclosing the 
synthesis of four RNA sequences, none of which shows a guanosine on the 
3ˊ-end. Dr. Hrdlicka contends that there is no evidence of guanosine being 
bound to a solid support, through a succinate or otherwise. Id. at 74 (citing 
Ex. 2022, 5436; Ex. 2008 ¶ 236). Patent Owner therefore argues that a 

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
75 
person of ordinary skill in the art would not have viewed compound 5(c) of 
Scaringe as a lead compound. Id. 
 
 
Having reviewed the parties’ arguments and the evidence of record, 
we conclude that Petitioner has established, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claim 4 is obvious over the combined cited prior art. We have 
explained above why a person of ordinary skill in the art, in view of the 
teachings of Pitsch and Fan, would have been motivated to substitute an 
acetyl protecting group for an isobutyryl group to possibly obtain a more 
rapid deprotection rate, and why such an artisan would have a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so. 
Patent Owner’s arguments are not persuasive. As we explained 
earlier, we are skeptical of Patent Owner’s “lead compound” theory of the 
case but, our skepticism notwithstanding, Scaringe teaches the synthesis of 
5ˊ-O-(dimethoxytrityl)-2ˊ-O-(t-butyldimethylsylyl) ribonucleoside 3ˊ-O-
succinates, including guanosine as the nucleoside. Ex. 1022, 5440, Fig. 1 
(compound 5(c)). Scaringe teaches that the purpose of the succinate 
compounds (including compound 5(c)) is to be coupled to LCAA-CPG to 
prepare supports for SPOS: 
All solid phase syntheses were performed on commercially 
available DNA synthesizers (see experimental). Syntheses were 
conducted on a 0.5/μmol scale using derivatized 1000 Å CPG 
(average loading = 10–15/μmol g-1) solid supports. These 
supports were prepared by the coupling of compounds 5a-d to 
LCAA-CPG. 
Ex. 1022, 5435 (emphasis added). Scaringe thus expressly contemplates the 
use of succinated guanosine nucleobase as the attachment point at the 3ˊ end 

--- Page 76 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
76 
of oligonucleotide synthesis. Consequently, a person wishing to start their 
SPOS nucleotide with guanosine would use the succinated nucleoside to 
tether the molecule to LCAA-CPG, as taught by Scaringe. Id. 
That Scaringe did not list an oligonucleotide beginning with 
guanosine on the 3ˊ end of its examples in its Table 4 is of no moment. “[A] 
reference is not limited to the disclosure of specific working examples.” In 
re Mills, 470 F.2d 649, 651 (C.C.P.A. 1972). In this case, Scaringe 
expressly teaches the synthesis of guanosine succinate for use in SPOS. We 
conclude that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have chosen to 
synthesize 5ˊ-O-(dimethoxytrityl)-2ˊ-O-(t-butyldimethylsylyl) guanosine 3ˊ-
O-succinate in the course of synthesizing, via SPOS, an oligonucleotide with 
guanosine on the 3ˊ end. 
We consequently conclude that Petitioner has established, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that challenged claim 4 is obvious over the 
cited prior art, and that Patent Owner’s arguments do not overcome 
Petitioner’s showing that the challenged claim is obvious. 
 
 
Claim 5 recites: 
5. 
Derivatized nucleosides, succinates and solid supports of 
general formula 2, 
 
wherein B is selected from the group consisting of Guanine-
Nacetyl, adenine-N-acetyl, cytosine-N-acetyl, cytosine-N-

--- Page 77 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
77 
isobutyryl, 5-methyl cytosine-N-acetyl, and 5-methyl cytosine-
N-isobutyryl; 
W is Oxygen and R is methyl; and 
Z is C(O)-M-C(O)-NH, 
where M is selected from the group consisting of [ethyl22], 
oxalyl, and hydroquinolynyl, 
and NH is [is capable of being attached to a solid support with a 
spacer selected from the group consisting of23] C1–C20 alkyl, 
ethyloxyglycol, and a combination of alkyl and ethyleneglycoxy. 
Ex. 1001, col. 26, ll. 43–65. 
 
 
 
Gaur is an article entitled Novel Solid Phase Synthesis of 2ˊ-O-
Methylribonucleoside 5ˊ-Triphosphates and their A-Thio Analogues, which 
was published in the journal Tetrahedron Letters in 1992. Ex. 1024, 3301. 
Gaur teaches a “[s]imple, versatile and convenient syntheses of 2ˊ-O-
methylribonucleoside 5ˊ-triphosphates.” Id., Abstr. 
Gaur teaches its general synthetic scheme as Scheme 1, which is 
depicted below: 
 
22 See fn.16, supra. 
23 See Pet. 21–22; PO Resp. 15. 

--- Page 78 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
78 
 
Ex. 1024, Scheme 1. 
Gaur teaches, as its starting point, compound 1 (“compound 1”), 
which is DMTOR, or DMT-O-R. DMT is a 4, 4ˊ-dimethoxytrityl protecting 
group, and R is a ribonucleoside having a 2ˊ-O-Me and a 3ˊ-O-succinyl-NH, 
where the NH is also attached to a circled P (i.e., a polymer support for 
SPOS). 
 
Detail of scheme 1 of Gaur 
In this compound, “B” is a nitrogenous base consisting of “APAC” 
phenoxyacetylatyed adenine, “CIbu” isobutyrylated cytosine, “GDMAM” 
dimethylaminomethylidenated guanine, or “Ut-butybenzoyl” t-butybenzoylated 
uracil. Ex. 1024, Scheme 1. 
 

--- Page 79 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
79 
 
Petitioner argues that the compound recited in claim 5, in which “B” 
is cytosine-N-isobutyryl and “Z” is a succinyl group bound to “—NH,” 
claims the molecule depicted below. 
 
Pet. 53 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 164). Petitioner argues that compound 1 of Gaur 
is identical to the molecule recited in challenged claim 5 of the ’885 patent, 
in which “B” is cytosine-N-isobutyryl and “Z” is a succinyl group bound to 
“-NH.” Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 170). Petitioner therefore argues that 
Gaur anticipates claim 5. Id. 
Petitioner also argues that Gaur enables its compound 1. According to 
Petitioner, the third reference cited in Gaur is Sproat24. Pet. 55 (citing 
Ex. 1024 at 3301, n.3). Petitioner asserts that Sproat, in turn, cites Inoue25, 
which teaches the synthesis of N-acylated 2ˊ-O-methyloligoribonucleotides 
in detail. Id. at 56. (citing Ex. 1025, n.4; Ex. 1026, 6132–35, Scheme 1). 
 
24 B.S. Sproat et al., 2′-O-alkyloligoribonucleotides Synthesis and 
Applications in Studying RNA Splicing, 10 (1–3) NUCLEOSIDES AND 
NUCLEOTIDES 25–36 (1991) (“Sproat”) Ex. 1025. 
25 H. Inoue et al., Synthesis and Hybridization Studies on Two 
Complementary Nona(2ˊ-O-Methyl)Ribonucleotides, 15(15) Nucleic 
Acids Res. 6131–48 (1987) (“Inoue”) Ex. 1026. 

--- Page 80 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
80 
Petitioner notes that Inoue also teaches the conversion of these compounds 
to their corresponding 3ˊ-succinates. Id. (citing Ex. 1025, 6135, Scheme 2). 
Petitioner argues that the teachings of Gaur, Sproat, and Inoue demonstrate 
that the chemical synthesis of compound 1 of Gaur would have been within 
the technical ability of those of ordinary skill in the art. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 173). 
 
 
In its Patent Owner Response, Patent Owner did not substantively 
challenge Ground 6, in view of its then-pending Motion to Amend. 
Specifically, Patent Owner states that, subject to the Board’s claim 
construction, and without prejudice to Patent Owner’s rights to the other 
patentably distinct compounds in Claim 5’s Markush group, or Patent 
Owner’s rights to those compounds secured under at least U.S. Reissue 
Application No. 18/130,902, Ground 6 is rendered moot in view of its (now-
withdrawn) Motion to Amend. PO Resp. 77. 
 
 
We conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that Gaur’s compound 1 anticipates the compound recited in 
claim 5, in which “B” is cytosine-N-isobutyryl and “Z” is a succinyl group 
bound to “-NH.” We also conclude that Gaur enables its compound 1. We 
therefore conclude that Gaur anticipates claim 5. 
 

--- Page 81 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
81 
IV. CONCLUSION26 
For the reasons we have explained, we conclude that Petitioner has 
demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence, that challenged claims 1–
5 of the ’885 patent are unpatentable. 
 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
 
ORDERED that based on a preponderance of the evidence, claims 
1–5 of the ’885 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that because this is a final written decision, 
the parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
26 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue 
application or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we 
remind Patent Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of 
any such related matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. § 
References 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1 
102(b) 
Reddy 
1 
 
2 
103 
Crooke, 
Pitsch, Fan 
2 
 
2 
103 
Vater, Pitsch 
2 
 
3 
103 
Crooke, 
3 
 

--- Page 82 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
82 
 
Pitsch, Fan, 
Scaringe 
4 
103 
Scaringe, 
Pitsch, Fan 
4 
 
5 
102(b) 
Gaur 
5 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–5 
 

--- Page 83 ---
IPR2023-00490 
Patent 9,884,885 B2 
83 
 
Counsel for Petitioner 
Jeremy Edwards 
Raymond Chan 
Xiaofan Yang 
Jack Shaw 
PROCOPIO, CORY, HARGREAVES & SAVITCH, LLP 
jeremy.edwards@procopio.com 
raymond.chan@procopio.com 
frank.yang@procopio.com 
jack.shaw@procopio.com 
 
Counsel for Patent Owner: 
Daniel Shores 
Joseph Hynds 
Aydin Harston 
Xiaoban Xin 
ROTHWELL, FIGG, ERNST & MANBECK, P.C. 
dshores@rfem.com 
jhynds@rfem.com 
aharston@rfem.com 
xxin@rfem.com