--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 77 
571-272-7822 
Date: May 15, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
SLAYBACK PHARMA LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
EYE THERAPIES, LLC, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
 
Before TINA E. HULSE, ROBERT A. POLLOCK, and RYAN H. FLAX, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
HULSE, Administrative Patent Judge. 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
Slayback Pharma, LLC (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting inter 
partes review of claims 1–6 of U.S. Patent No. 8,293,742 B2 (Ex. 1001, 
“the ’742 patent”), owned by Eye Therapies, LLC (“Patent Owner”). 
Paper 2 (“Pet.”). Upon considering the Petition, Preliminary Response 
(Paper 7), Petitioner’s Reply to Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response 
(Paper 10), and Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply (Paper 12), on May 18, 2022, we 
instituted an inter partes review of the challenged claims of the ’742 patent. 
Paper 13 (“Dec. Inst.” or “Institution Decision”). 
Patent Owner then filed a Response to the Petition (Paper 30, 
“PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 43, “Pet. Reply”), and Patent 
Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 59, “PO Sur-reply”). 
Petitioner also filed a Motion to Exclude Evidence (Paper 57), to 
which Patent Owner filed an Opposition (Paper 62), and Petitioner filed a 
Reply (Paper 64). 
An oral hearing was held on February 27, 2023. A portion of the 
hearing was closed so the parties could discuss confidential information filed 
under seal. A transcript of the public portion of the hearing has been entered 
in the record. Paper 75. A transcript of the closed portion of the hearing has 
been entered separately. Paper 74. 
After the hearing, the Board requested supplemental briefing on two 
issues: (1) whether the preamble of the claims should be construed as limited 
to a statement of the intentional purpose for which the method must be 
performed and, if so, what impact that construction has on inherent 
anticipation; and (2) what impact the transitional phrase “consisting 
essentially of” has on the claims and whether there is a temporal and intent 
aspect to the term. See Paper 69. Both parties submitted opening briefs 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
3 
(Paper 70, “PO Supp. Br.”; Paper 71, “Pet. Supp. Br.”) and both parties 
submitted simultaneous responses to those briefs (Paper 73, “Pet. Reply 
Supp. Br.”; Paper 72, “PO Reply Supp. Br.”). 
We have authority under 35 U.S.C. § 6. We issue this Final Written 
Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons 
that follow, we determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–6 of the ’742 patent are unpatentable. 
A. Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself, Slayback Pharma India LLP, Dr. Reddy’s 
Laboratories S.A., and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. as the real parties-in-
interest. Paper 24, 1. Patent Owner identifies itself, Bausch & Lomb, Inc., 
and Bausch & Lomb Ireland Limited as the real parties-in-interest. Paper 4, 
2. 
B. Related Proceedings 
Petitioner states that the ’742 patent has been asserted in the following 
cases: Bausch & Lomb, Inc. v. Slayback Pharma LLC, 3:21-cv-16766 
(D.N.J.); Bausch & Lomb, Inc. v. Lupin Ltd., 3:22-cv-00534 (D.N.J.). 
Paper 24, 1. Patent Owner states that the ’742 patent has also been asserted 
in Bausch & Lomb, Inc. v. Harrow Health, Inc., 3:21-cv-19252 (D.N.J.). 
Paper 4, 2. 
C. The ’742 Patent 
The ’742 patent is entitled “Preferential Vasoconstriction 
Compositions and Methods of Use.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’742 patent 
application was filed on July 27, 2009, and claims priority to a series of 
provisional applications, the earliest of which was filed on August 1, 2008. 
Id., codes (22), 60). Thus, the earliest possible effective filing date of the 
’742 patent claims is August 1, 2008. Pet. 14. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
4 
The ’742 patent relates to compositions and methods for preferential 
vasoconstriction of smaller blood vessels relative to larger blood vessels. 
Ex. 1001, Abstract. According to the Specification, dilation of small blood 
vessels causes undesirable events, including surface hemorrhage and 
hyperemia (i.e., eye redness) following Lasik surgery, eye redness, and nasal 
congestion. Id. at 1:6–11. 
Adrenergic receptors, which are divided into a-1 (or α-1 or alpha-1), 
a-2, and β-adrenergic receptor types, are involved in a variety of 
physiological functions, including functions of the cardiovascular and 
central nervous systems. Id. at 1:12–19. Agonists of a-2 adrenergic 
receptors are used in the treatment of hypertension, glaucoma, spasticity, and 
cancer pain. Id. at 1:25–29. Brimonidine is an example of a known 
compound having selective a-2 agonist activity. Id. at 1:48–49. According 
to the Specification, “[i]t is a known property of all a[lpha] adrenergic 
receptor agonists, including brimonidine, to cause vasoconstriction.” Id. at 
1:61–63. The Specification notes, however, that “known formulations of 
brimonidine and other known a-2 adrenergic receptor agonists are associated 
with a high incidence of rebound hyperemia,1 or other side effects, in 
clinical use.” Id. at 1:63–66. 
Moreover, the Specification states that commercially available general 
alpha agonists for topical ophthalmic use have high alpha-1 receptor agonist 
activity and are known to cause rebound hyperemia and medicamentosa (i.e., 
a potentially prolonged inflammatory state that can last for several weeks or 
 
1 The ’742 patent states that “[r]ebound hyperemia refers to induced 
vasodilation (instead of intended vasoconstriction) occurring, often with a 
lag time, after an application or, more typically, repeated applications of 
vasoconstrictors.” Ex. 1001, 4:30–34. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
5 
months even after stopping the medication). Id. at 2:8–13, 26–28. Thus, 
clinical use of such a-1 receptor agonists are typically limited to several 
hours or days, even though users with more chronic conditions, like dry eye 
and allergic conjunctivitis, may require longer-term use. Id. at 2:14–21. 
The Specification explains that “there is a need for new methods and 
formulations that would provide safe and long term vasoconstriction with 
reduced or minimized side effects, such as rebound hyperemia.” Id. at 2:30–
33. 
Accordingly, the Specification states that “[o]ne of the key discoveries 
of the present invention lies in using low doses of highly selective a-2 
adrenergic receptor agonists to achieve vasoconstriction with significantly 
reduced hyperemia.” Id. at 2:38–41. 
D. Illustrative Claim 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–6 of the ’742 patent. Claims 1 and 3 
are the only independent claims and are reproduced below. 
1. A method for reducing eye redness consisting essentially 
of administering brimonidine to a patient having an ocular 
condition, wherein brimonidine is present at a concentration 
between about 0.001% weight by volume and about 0.05% 
weight by volume. 
3. A method for reducing eye redness consisting essentially 
of topically administering to a patient having an ocular 
condition a composition consisting essentially of brimonidine 
into ocular tissue, wherein pH of said composition is between 
about 5.5 and about 6.5, wherein said brimonidine 
concentration is between about 0.001% and about 0.025% 
weight by volume and wherein said composition is formulated 
as an ocular drop. 
Ex. 1001, 22:17–22, 26–32. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
6 
Claim 2 depends from claim 1 and further recites a concentration of 
brimonidine “between about 0.001% to about 0.025% weight by volume.” 
Id. at 22:23–25. Claim 4 depends from claim 3 and further recites topically 
administering the composition “within about 24 hours after a Lasik surgery 
on said patient.” Id. at 22:33–35. And claims 5 and 6 depend from claims 1 
and 3, respectively, and further recite that the ocular condition is “chronic 
red eye.” Id. at 22:36–39. 
E. The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–6 of the ’742 patent are unpatentable 
on the following grounds: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–2 
102 
Gil3 
1–2 
102 
Walters4 
1–6 
103 
Gil, Norden5, Dean6, 
Alphagan7, and Federal 
Register8 
 
2 Because the claims at issue have an effective filing date before March 16, 
2013, the effective date of the applicable provisions of the Leahy Smith 
America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 Stat. 284 (2011) (“AIA”), we 
apply the pre-AIA versions of 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103(a) in this Decision. 
3 Gil et al., US 6,294,553 B1, issued Sept. 25, 2001 (Ex. 1004, “Gil”). 
4 Walters et al., A Pilot Study of the Efficacy and Safety of AGN 190342-LF 
0.02% and 0.08% in Patients with Elevated Intraocular Pressure, 32 ASSOC. 
RES. VISION & OPHTHALMOL. 988 (1991) (Ex. 1005, “Walters”). 
5 R.A. Norden, Effect of Prophylactic Brimonidine or Bleeding 
Complications and Flap Adherence after Laser in Situ Keratomileusis. 18 J. 
REFRACTIVE SURG. 468–71 (2002) (Ex. 1006, “Norden”). 
6 Dean et al., US 6,242,442 B1, issued June 5, 2001 (Ex. 1007, “Dean”). 
7 ALPHAGAN® (brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic solution) 0.2%. 
Physicians’ Desk Reference, 52th ed., Medical Economics Company, Inc., 
487 (1998) (Ex. 1008, “Alphagan”). 
8 53 Fed. Reg. 7076–7093 (Mar. 4, 1988) (Ex. 1009, “Federal Register”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
7 
Petitioner relies upon the Declarations of Neal A. Sher, M.D., FACS 
(Exs. 1002 and 1049), Paul A. Laskar, Ph.D. (Exs. 1003 and 1048), and Ivan 
T. Hofmann (Ex. 1047). Patent Owner relies on the Declarations of Robert 
J. Noecker, MD, MBA (Ex. 2020), Robert O. Williams, III, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2021), Stephen G. Davies, D. Phil. (Ex. 2022), John Ferris (Ex. 2023), 
and John C. Jarosz (Ex. 2024). 
II. ANALYSIS 
Petitioner bears the burden of proving unpatentability of the 
challenged claims, and that burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent 
Owner. Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 
1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). To prevail, Petitioner must prove unpatentability by 
a preponderance of the evidence.9 See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.1(d) (2019). 
A. Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, we consider the 
type of problems encountered in the art, the prior art solutions to those 
problems, the rapidity with which innovations are made, the sophistication 
of the technology, and the educational level of active workers in the field. 
Custom Accessories, Inc. v. Jeffrey-Allan Indus., Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 
(Fed. Cir. 1986). 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) 
would have been a composite person (or team) that included a medical 
doctor and a pharmaceutical formulator. Pet. 15 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 26; 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 29). Petitioner asserts that the medical doctor would have been 
 
9 Although we find certain of Patent Owner’s arguments not persuasive, this 
should never be taken as an indication that we have assigned Patent Owner 
the burden of proof on patentability. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
8 
an ophthalmologist with at least three to four years of experience in LASIK 
surgery, clinical trials and U.S. FDA regulation of eye products, and had 
experience in the use of topical brimonidine and apraclonidine and topical 
vasoconstrictors such as naphazoline and tetrahydrozoline. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 26). Petitioner contends that the pharmaceutical formulator 
would have had a doctoral degree in pharmaceutics, or a related degree, and 
at least three to five years of experience developing eye drop formulations 
for clinical trial and regulatory approval. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 29). 
In our Institution Decision, we noted that Patent Owner did not 
contest Petitioner’s definition and adopted Petitioner’s definition as 
reasonable. Dec. Inst. 14. In its Response, Patent Owner states that a POSA 
“may be represented by a team of individuals with experience and various 
skills relating to eye care, including, inter alia, the medical and 
pharmaceutical arts.” PO Resp. 7. Patent Owner further asserts that a 
POSA would have had access to team members with experience in 
chemistry, designing and formulating ophthalmic formulations, and/or in 
administering such formulations to treat ocular conditions obtained by some 
combination of education and work experience. Id. at 7–8 (citing Ex. 2020 
¶ 29; Ex. 2021 ¶ 33; Ex. 2022 ¶ 19). Patent Owner notes that Petitioner’s 
definition of a formulator POSA goes beyond the level of a person of 
ordinary skill, and that a formulator POSA would have had a Bachelor’s 
degree in pharmaceutics or a related discipline with about three to five years 
of work experience in this area, or a comparable level of education and 
training, such as a Ph.D. with one or two years of experience in this area. Id. 
at 8 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 28; Ex. 2021 ¶ 32). 
Although the parties disagree as to the specific qualifications of a 
person of ordinary skill in the art, the parties’ experts agree that their 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
9 
opinions would not change regardless of which definition is applied. See 
Ex. 1049 ¶ 6 (Sher); Ex. 2020 ¶ 28 (Noecker); Ex. 2021 ¶ 34 (Williams); 
Ex. 2022 ¶ 23 (Davies). 
Both parties’ proposed definitions and the prior art of record indicate 
a high level of skill in the relevant art. Because the parties’ respective 
experts agree that any dispute as to the level of ordinary skill in the art is not 
material to their opinions, we adopt Patent Owner’s definition as consistent 
with the prior art’s demonstration of the level of ordinary skill in the art at 
the time of the invention. See Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 28–31; see also Okajima v. 
Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific 
findings regarding ordinary skill level are not required “where the prior art 
itself reflects an appropriate level and a need for testimony is not shown” 
(quoting Litton Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 
163 (Fed. Cir. 1985))). 
B. Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, the Board applies the same claim 
construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a civil 
action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2021). Under that 
standard, claim terms “are generally given their ordinary and customary 
meaning” as understood by a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time of 
the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 
2005) (en banc). “In determining the meaning of the disputed claim 
limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic evidence of record, examining 
the claim language itself, the written description, and the prosecution 
history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, 
Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 
1312–17). Extrinsic evidence is “less significant than the intrinsic record in 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
10 
determining ‘the legally operative meaning of claim language.’” Phillips, 
415 F.3d at 1317. 
1. 
Preamble 
The claims of the ’742 patent each recite as their preamble “[a] 
method for reducing eye redness.” Ex. 1001, 22:17–39. Both parties agree 
that the preamble of the claims is limiting. PO Supp. Br. 3–6; Pet. Supp. 
Br. 2–3. The parties disagree, however, on what the preamble means. 
Petitioner asserts that the preamble “limits only [sic] the claims to the 
condition to be treated—eye redness.” Pet. Supp. Br. 3. Moreover, 
Petitioner asserts that there is no efficacy requirement in the claims, and, at 
most, the claims require that the composition be administered “with the 
intent to reduce redness.” Pet. Reply 7–8. 
Patent Owner disagrees, asserting that the preamble requires actual 
reduction in a patient’s ocular hyperemia. PO Supp. Br. 3. 
As an initial matter, we agree with the parties that the preamble of the 
claims is limiting. “Whether to treat a preamble as a claim limitation is 
determined on the facts of each case in light of the claim as a whole and the 
invention described in the patent.” Storage Tech. Corp. v. Cisco Sys., Inc., 
329 F.3d 823, 831 (Fed. Cir. 2003). The Federal Circuit “has not hesitated 
to hold preambles limiting when they state an intended purpose for methods 
of using a compound.” Eli Lilly & Co. v. Teva Pharms. Int’l GmbH, 8 F.4th 
1331, 1342 (Fed. Cir. 2021). And where, as here, the claims are directed to 
methods of using a composition for a specific purpose (i.e., reducing eye 
redness), and the method comprises a single step of administering that 
composition, the Federal Circuit “has generally construed statements of 
intended purpose in such method claims as limiting.” Id. at 1340. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
11 
As for whether the preamble requires actual reduction in redness, we 
agree with Petitioner that it does not and find Eli Lilly to be instructive. In 
Eli Lilly, the preambles of the claims recite a “method for reducing incidence 
of or treating at least one vasomotor symptom in an individual” and a 
“method for treating headache in an individual.” 8 F.4th at 1335. There, the 
Federal Circuit held that the preambles “are not merely statements of effect 
but rather statements of the intentional purpose for which the methods must 
be performed.” Id. at 1342. Thus, the Federal Circuit did not require proof 
of actual clinical results from performing the claimed method, even though 
the claims also recited an “effective amount.” Id. The Federal Circuit held 
that because the specification defined an “effective amount” as an “an 
amount sufficient to effect beneficial or desired results” and provided 
examples of such results in the context of prophylactic or therapeutic uses, 
the claims “encompass a clinical result, [but] they do not require such a 
result.” Id. 
Here, similarly, the ’742 patent claims simply recite administering the 
brimonidine composition (at a concentration range) and do not recite any 
efficacy requirement, nor even the “effective amount” of note in the Eli Lilly 
claims. But, like Lilly and as explained below, the “ocular conditions” of the 
claims encompass prophylactic reduction of hemorrhage and hyperemia in 
addition to therapeutic uses. See Ex. 1001, 12:13–19. We, therefore, find 
the claims here do not require actual redness reduction and, thus, no clinical 
result is required to satisfy the claimed method. 
Thus, having considered the arguments and evidence presented at 
trial, we determine that the preamble of the claims is limiting and requires 
that the claimed brimonidine composition be administered with the 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
12 
intentional purpose of reducing eye redness, whether or not eye redness is 
actually reduced. 
2. 
“consisting essentially of” 
Independent claims 1 and 3 recite the transition phrase “consisting 
essentially of.” Ex. 1001, 22:17–18, 25–26. That transition phrase has a 
distinct meaning in patent law and serves as a middle ground between 
closed-ended claims that use the phrase “consisting of” and open-ended 
claims that use the phrase “comprising.” AK Steel Corp. v. Sollac & Ugine, 
344 F.3d 1234, 1239 (Fed. Cir. 2003). As such, the use of “consisting 
essentially of” “signals that the invention necessarily includes the listed 
ingredients [but] is open to unlisted ingredients that do not materially affect 
the basic and novel properties of the invention.” PPG Indus. v. Guardian 
Indus. Corp., 156 F.3d 1351, 1354 (Fed. Cir. 1998). The Federal Circuit has 
instructed that determining the bounds of the basic and novel properties of 
an invention is a claim construction issue. HZNP Meds. LLC v. Actavis 
Labs. UT, Inc., 940 F.3d 680, 694–95 (Fed. Cir. 2019). 
Petitioner asserts that the allegedly novel aspect of the claimed 
invention is brimonidine’s ability to reduce eye redness at low doses, but 
does not exclude administration of other drugs. Pet. Supp. Br. 9–10 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 2:38–41 (stating “[o]ne of the key discoveries of the present 
invention lies in using low doses of [brimonidine] to achieve 
vasoconstriction with significantly reduced hyperemia”)). Patent Owner, on 
the other hand, argues that one of the basic and novel characteristics of the 
claimed methods is “administering brimonidine at the claimed 
concentrations as the sole drug.” PO Supp. Br. 11 (citing Ex. 1024, 115). 
Thus, the parties dispute whether the scope of the claims includes the use of 
additional drugs along with low-dose brimonidine. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
13 
Petitioner notes that the Specification states that “[o]ne of the key 
discoveries of the present invention lies in using low doses of [brimonidine] 
to achieve vasoconstriction with significantly reduced hyperemia.” Pet. 
Supp. Br. 10 (quoting Ex. 1001, 2:38–41). Petitioner also notes that the 
Specification does not exclude administration of other drugs with 
brimonidine, as evidenced by an entire section titled “Combination 
Treatments.” Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 15:35–16:43). Thus, in one embodiment, 
the Specification teaches a composition comprising a selective a-2 
adrenergic receptor agonist and a histamine antagonist. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 
16:2–10). 
Patent Owner, on the other hand, relies heavily on the prosecution 
history of the ’742 patent. During prosecution, the claims recited “[a] 
method for inducing preferential vasoconstriction of smaller blood vessels 
relative to larger blood vessels comprising” administering a selective a-2 
adrenergic receptor agonist. Ex. 1024, 111. The examiner rejected the 
claims over Dean, which teaches administering brimonidine with 
brinzolamide to treat ocular diseases associated with compromised blood 
flow. PO Supp. Br. 11 (citing Ex. 1007, 2:22–29, 2:51–57, claim 2). To 
overcome the rejection, the patentee amended the claims to change the 
transitional phrase from “comprising” to “consisting essentially of” and 
noted that in Dean, “the administration of brimonidine alone is not sufficient 
to treat an ocular condition.” Id. at 11–12 (citing Ex. 1024, 116). The 
patentee explained that the claimed methods “do not include administering 
other active agents.” Id. (citing Ex. 1024, 124, 116–17, 120) (emphasis 
omitted). Patent Owner contends that the ’742 patent Specification’s 
teaching of embodiments that include other active drugs is not inconsistent 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
14 
with its construction, because that is subject matter that is not claimed in the 
’742 patent. PO Reply Supp. Br. 8. 
We find Petitioner has the better position. We agree that the 
Specification sets forth the basic and novel property of the invention as a 
“key discover[y]” in the use of “low doses of [brimonidine] to achieve 
vasoconstriction with significantly reduced hyperemia.” Ex. 1001, 2:39–41. 
During prosecution, the patentee asserted that “[o]ne of the basic and novel 
characteristics of the presently claimed methods is that they do not require 
the use of any other active ingredients (emphasis added) in addition to 
brimonidine.” Ex. 1024, 115; see also id. at 144 (examiner stating same in 
Reasons for Allowance). But, unlike Patent Owner, we do not read the 
prosecution history as prohibiting the use of any other active ingredients 
besides brimonidine. To do so would construe the semi-open-ended 
transition phrase “consisting essentially of” to have the same scope as the 
closed transition phrase “consisting of.” AK Steel, 344 F.3d at 1239. 
Rather, under the proper scope of the claims and consistent with the 
prosecution history, the claimed methods cannot include additional active 
ingredients that are required to perform the method. Ex. 1024, 144 (stating 
in the Reasons for Allowance that the claimed methods “do not require the 
use of any other active ingredients in addition to brimonidine”) (emphasis 
omitted). As the patentee explained, “[t]he administration of brimonidine in 
the methods of Dean is a necessary but insufficient part of the taught 
methods; the other necessary part of the method is the administration of 
another active agent, i.e., brinzolamide.” Id. at 117 (emphasis added). In 
other words, the scope of the claims does not include additional active 
ingredients that are necessary to achieve “vasoconstriction with significantly 
reduced hyperemia.” See Ex. 1001, 2:39–41. Where brimonidine achieves 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
15 
vasoconstriction with reduced hyperemia on its own, we find the “consisting 
essentially of” transition phrase does not preclude the use of additional 
active agents, even if those agents may also cause some degree of 
vasoconstriction. 
We find Ecolab, Inc. v. FMC Corp., 569 F.3d 1335 (Fed. Cir. 2009), 
to be instructive. There, the claims recited a method for sanitizing fowl 
using an aqueous peracetic acid (PAA) solution “which consists essentially 
of . . . peracetic acid.” Id. at 1342. The patentee argued that the transition 
phrase “consists essentially of” limited the claim scope to compositions 
containing PAA as the sole antimicrobial agent. Id. at 1343. The Federal 
Circuit disagreed, noting that the specification includes examples of 
compositions that contain agents other than PAA that are considered 
antimicrobial agents, even if they were not expressly identified as such. Id.; 
see also Kim v. Earthgrains Co., No. 01 C 3895, 2010 WL 625220, at *4 
(N.D. Ill. Feb. 18, 2010) (stating Ecolab “suggests that additional active 
ingredients which improve the performance of the basic claim formula, but 
do not otherwise change its function, do not materially alter the ‘basic and 
novel’ characteristics of the invention”), aff’d 451 F. App’x 922 (Fed. Cir. 
2011). 
Applying Ecolab here, because the Specification states that low-dose 
brimonidine alone can significantly reduce hyperemia, if there are additional 
agents beyond low-dose brimonidine administered to a patient that may also 
reduce eye redness (e.g., anti-inflammatory agents like steroids or pain 
medication), those additional agents would not materially affect the basic 
and novel characteristics of the invention. 
Thus, having considered the arguments and evidence presented at 
trial, we determine that the transitional phrase “consisting essentially of” 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
16 
does not preclude the use of additional active agents that may also cause 
vasoconstriction and reduction of hyperemia along with low-dose 
brimonidine. 
3. 
“about 0.025%” 
Claims 2 and 3 of the ’742 patent recite brimonidine “at a 
concentration between about 0.001% to about 0.025% weight by volume.” 
Ex. 1001, 22:22–24, 29–30. Petitioner asserts that “about 0.025%” includes 
0.03% weight by volume (Pet. 31), whereas Patent Owner asserts that “about 
0.025%” means “0.025% plus or minus 10%” (PO Resp. 35). In our 
Institution Decision, we construed “about 0.025%” as including “0.03%.” 
Dec. Inst. 12. Having considered the parties’ respective arguments and 
evidence presented at trial, we maintain that Petitioner has the better 
position. 
“When ‘about’ is used as part of a numeric range, the use of the word 
‘about’ avoids a strict numerical boundary to the specified parameter.” 
Cohesive Techs., Inc. v. Waters Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2008) 
(internal quotes omitted). To interpret the range in its technologic and 
stylistic context, we must consider how the term is used in the patent 
specification, the prosecution history, and other claims. Central Admixture 
Pharm. Svcs., Inc. v. Advanced Cardiac Solutions, P.C., 482 F.3d 1347, 
1355 (Fed. Cir. 2007). The range depends on what a person having ordinary 
skill in the art would reasonably consider “about” to encompass. See 
Monsanto Tech. LLC v. E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co., 878 F.3d 1336, 
1342 (Fed. Cir. 2018). 
Furthermore, when determining how far beyond the claimed range the 
term “about” extends the claim, “[w]e must focus . . . on the criticality of the 
[numerical limitation] to the invention.” Ortho-McNeil Pharm., Inc. v. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
17 
Caraco Pharm. Labs., Ltd., 476 F.3d 1321, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 2007). As the 
Federal Circuit has explained, “it is the purpose of the limitation in the 
claimed invention—not the purpose of the invention itself—that is relevant.” 
Cohesive, 543 F.3d at 1368. “Extrinsic evidence of meaning and usage in 
the art may be helpful in determining the criticality of the parameter.” 
Ortho-McNeil, 476 F3d. at 1326 (quoting Pall Corp. v. Micron Separations, 
Inc., 66, F.3d 1211, 1217 (Fed. Cir. 1995)). 
a) 
Petitioner’s Contentions 
In reviewing the intrinsic evidence, Petitioner cites five disclosures of 
the ’742 patent that support its contention that “about 0.025%” includes 
“0.03%.” Pet. 28–30. First, Petitioner points to the Specification’s 
definition of “low concentrations” of brimonidine as “concentrations from 
between about 0.0001% to about 0.05%; more preferably, from about 
0.001% to about 0.025%; even more preferably, from about 0.01% to about 
0.025%; and even more preferably, from about 0.01% to about 0.02% 
weight by volume.” Id. at 28 (quoting Ex. 1001, 3:61–65; Ex. 1003 ¶ 65). 
Second, argues Petitioner, the Specification identifies concentration 
ranges up to about 0.05% brimonidine as “preferred” embodiments. Id. 
at 29 (citing Ex. 1001, 12:60–63, 14:14–16; Ex. 1003 ¶ 66). Petitioner also 
notes that the Specification identifies brimonidine as a “selective a-2 
agonist” and that in a “preferred embodiment” the concentration of “the 
selective a-2 adrenergic receptor agonist” is in a range up to “about 
0.035%.” Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 5:52–54, 9:14-16; Ex. 1003 ¶ 67). 
Third, Petitioner points to Figure 4E of the Specification, which 
depicts the left eye of a patient “after being treated with a composition of the 
present invention comprising brimonidine at 0.033%.” Pet. 30 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 3:30-33, Fig. 4E). Petitioner also notes that the Specification 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
18 
states that the application of 0.033% brimonidine did not result in rebound 
hyperemia. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 20:17–19; Ex. 1003 ¶ 69). 
Fourth, Petitioner notes that the Specification states that brimonidine 
is “a known selective alpha 2 agonist [] associated with significant rebound 
hyperemia (primary or delayed onset vasodilation) in its current 
concentration range for treating glaucoma of about 0.1% to 0.2%.” Pet. 30 
(citing Ex. 1001, 2:2–8; Ex. 1003 ¶ 70). Petitioner argues that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would understand that, compared to the recited prior 
art range of “about 0.1% to 0.2%,” a concentration of “0.03%” accomplishes 
a reduction in brimonidine concentration that “is the purpose of the 
limitation in the claimed invention.” Id. (quoting Cohesive, 543 F.3d 
at 1368). 
Fifth, Petitioner argues that the Specification does not disclose that 
keeping the brimonidine concentration below 0.03% is critical, and notes 
that Figure 2 shows that a concentration of 0.03% is included in the range 
where “Net Vasoconstriction Benefits” are the highest. Pet. 30 (citing 
Ex. 1001, Fig. 2; Ex. 1003 ¶ 71). 
Finally, Petitioner cites extrinsic expert testimony that, from the 
perspective of a pharmaceutical formulator, “about 0.025%” includes 0.03% 
because, as the upper limit of a range, “about 0.025%,” rounded to two 
decimal points, is “0.03%.” Pet. 31 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 72). Petitioner also 
contends that a skilled artisan would expect, in the context of the ’742 
patent, that it would be difficult to distinguish between the clinical effect of 
0.025% and 0.03% brimonidine. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 72). Thus, Petitioner 
argues that for all these reasons, when properly construed, “about 0.025%” 
includes “0.03%” brimonidine. Id. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
19 
b) 
Patent Owner’s Contentions 
In response, Patent Owner argues that the ’742 patent separately 
discloses preferred concentrations of low-dose brimonidine, including 
“about 0.01%,” “about 0.015%,” “about 0.02%,” “about 0.025%,” “about 
0.03%,” “about 0.035%,” and “about 0.04%.” PO Resp. 28–29 (citing 
Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 108–109). Because the concentrations were meant to be 
distinct, Patent Owner argues that a POSA would understand that “about 
0.025%” is not the same as “about 0.03%” in the context of the ’742 patent 
claims. Id. at 29 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 109). Patent Owner asserts that the 
patentee was his own lexicographer by defining “0.025%” as separate from 
“0.03%.” Id. at 30. 
Patent Owner also argues that Figures 2 and 6 of the Specification 
teach a POSA that “0.03% is clinically distinct from 0.025%.” Id. at 31. 
The color version of Figure 2 provided by Patent Owner is reproduced 
below: 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
20 
 
According to Patent Owner, Figure 2 “is a graph illustrating vasoconstrictive 
effects, rebound hyperemia, and net vasoconstriction benefit associated with 
the administration of brimonidine at different concentrations.” PO Resp. 31 
(citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 93–96, 110, 111; Ex. 2161, Fig. 2). The x-axis of 
Figure 2 represents the “% Brimonidine” concentration and the y-axis 
represents “Effect” with an undefined unit of measurement. 
The color version of Figure 6, annotated by Patent Owner, is 
reproduced below: 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
21 
 
According to Patent Owner, Figure 6, entitled “Feasability [sic] C% 
Determination,” “is very similar to Figure 2, and a POSA would have 
understood the Legend in Figure 2 to apply to Figure 6.” PO Resp. 32 
(citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 93, 110). The x- and y-axes of Figure 6 are the same as 
Figure 2. Patent Owner asserts that a POSA would understand from 
Figures 2 and 6 that brimonidine’s vasoconstriction, depicted by the thick 
black curve, begins at a low concentration before maximizing and plateauing 
around 0.03% brimonidine. Id. at 33 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 94, 95, 110; 
Ex. 2161, Figs. 2 and 6). Patent Owner further asserts that a POSA would 
understand that increased rebound hyperemia begins at brimonidine 
concentrations of around 0.03% and higher (as seen by the gray curve’s 
transition to red). Id. (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 94, 95, 111; Ex. 2161, Figs. 2, 6). 
Patent Owner notes that the Specification states: “FIG. 6 depicts a graphical 
representation of a finding of the present invention that an increased 
rebound hyperemia begins at around 0.03% for brimonidine.” Id. at 33–34 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
22 
(quoting Ex. 1001, 19:52–54; citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 95, 111–113). Patent 
Owner also explains that its expert, Dr. Noecker, added the green line that 
connects with the blue dot on the x-axis, which a POSA would have 
understood to be the preferred concentration of “about 0.025%.” Id. at 34 
(citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 95, 111–113). Thus, according to Patent Owner, a 
POSA would have recognized a “critical distinction between concentrations 
around 0.03% brimonidine (at which maximum vasoconstriction is achieved, 
but increased rebound hyperemia is also observed), and concentrations 
below around 0.03%, such as about 0.025% (at which there is still 
significant vasoconstriction effects without any rebound hyperemia).” Id. 
(citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 94, 113). 
Patent Owner also argues that a POSA would have understood that 
“about” means “plus or minus 10%,” or have an upper limit of 0.0275%. Id. 
at 35 (citing Ex. 2021 ¶¶ 39–45). Patent Owner argues that, because a 
POSA would have had significant experience in the pharmaceutical arts, a 
POSA would have known that the FDA allows for certain tolerance in the 
amount of the active ingredient to account for the inherent imprecision in the 
manufacturing process. Id. at 35 (citing Ex. 2021 ¶¶ 41, 42; Ex. 2026, 
83044–45). Patent Owner notes that the acceptance criteria is typically plus 
or minus 10%, which is consistent with the definition of “about” in the U.S. 
Pharmacopoeia. Id. at 35–36 (citing Ex. 2021 ¶¶ 43, 44; Ex. 2025, 8). 
c) 
Analysis 
Having considered the parties’ respective arguments in light of the 
evidence presented at trial, we agree with Petitioner that the term “about 
0.025%” includes 0.03%. Our construction is supported not only by 
intrinsic evidence, but also by extrinsic evidence that demonstrates the 
alleged criticality of the “about 0.025%” limitation. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
23 
The ’742 patent Specification does not define the term “about” in 
terms of a specific numerical range. We must, therefore, determine how 
broadly a POSA reading the ’742 Specification would extend the numerical 
range around 0.025%. In doing so, we consider the described criticality of 
“about 0.025%” brimonidine and its purpose to the claimed invention. See 
Cohesive, 543 F.3d at 1368. 
The ’742 patent makes clear that the purpose of the “about 0.025%” 
limitation in the claims is to use “low doses of highly selective a-2 
adrenergic receptor agonists to achieve vasoconstriction with significantly 
reduced hyperemia.” Ex. 1001, 2:39–41. Furthermore, the Specification 
explains that there is a need for methods that provide “safe and long term 
vasoconstriction with reduced or minimized side effects, such as rebound 
hyperemia.” Id. at 2:30–33. There is no dispute that both 0.025% and 
0.03% constitute low doses of brimonidine, as described by the 
Specification. See id. at 3:60–65 (defining “low concentrations” as 
“between about 0.0001% to about 0.05%”). Thus, the question is whether 
there is a critical distinction between the two concentrations and their ability 
to provide vasoconstriction with reduced rebound hyperemia. Patent Owner 
argues they are clinically distinct, whereas Petitioner argues they are not. In 
light of the intrinsic evidence discussed below, we agree with Petitioner. 
As both parties note, the Specification recites various concentration 
ranges as preferred embodiments, including “about 0.02%,” “about 
0.025%,” “about 0.03%,” and “about 0.035%.” See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 3:60–65, 
9:14–16, 19:52–56. But we are not persuaded, as Patent Owner urges, that 
the Specification’s recitation of various concentrations precludes a finding 
that, for example, 0.02% or 0.03% are encompassed within the range of 
“about 0.025%.” Stated differently, we agree that “about 0.025%” is a 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
24 
different range than “about 0.03%,” as the lower range of “about 0.025%” 
must be lower than that of “about 0.03%”; conversely, the upper range of 
“about 0.03%” must be higher than that of “about 0.025%.” However, we 
find that those ranges may overlap,10 and nothing in the Specification 
prohibits 0.03% brimonidine from being encompassed by both ranges. 
That the ’742 patent teaches the use of “about 0.025%” brimonidine in 
one paragraph, and then describes the use of “about 0.03%” brimonidine in 
the next paragraph does not persuade us otherwise. See PO Resp. 29 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 8:46–63). As Petitioner notes, those two paragraphs are 
inapposite and not particularly relevant to the issue presented, as they both 
describe treating pulmonary conditions and do not describe the claimed 
invention of reducing eye redness. Pet. Reply 3. Moreover, we agree with 
Petitioner that no disclosure in the ’742 patent rises to the level of the 
patentee acting as its own lexicographer, as Patent Owner asserts (PO 
Resp. 30). Identifying different concentration ranges in separate paragraphs 
for different unclaimed methods does not clearly and unambiguously define 
“about 0.025%” as excluding “0.03%.” See Bradium Techs. v. Iancu, 923 
F.3d 1032, 1044 (“It is not enough for a patentee to simply disclose a single 
embodiment or use a word in the same manner in all embodiments, the 
patentee must clearly express an intent to redefine the term.”) (quotation 
omitted). 
Nor are we persuaded that Figures 2 and 6 of the ’742 patent support 
Patent Owner’s proposed construction. Patent Owner asserts that the figures 
 
10 Indeed, even under Patent Owner’s proposed construction that “about” 
means “plus or minus 10%,” there would be an overlap between the upper 
range of “about 0.025%” (i.e., 0.0275%) and the lower end of “about 
0.03%” (i.e., 0.027%). Ex. 1048 ¶ 15. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
25 
demonstrate that “0.03% is clinically distinct from 0.025%.” PO Resp. 31. 
We are not persuaded. We credit the testimony of Petitioner’s expert, 
Dr. Sher, who explains that because of the “high degree of imprecision of 
Figures 2 and 6,” a POSA would be unable to reach any quantitative 
conclusions from the figures or “clinically distinguish” between brimonidine 
concentrations that differ by only five-thousandths of a percent. Ex. 1049 
¶¶ 10–18. For example, as Dr. Sher notes, there are no incremental hash 
marks that indicate where any non-enumerated concentrations such as 0.02% 
or 0.025% would fall. Id. ¶¶ 11–12. Moreover, the x-axis of both figures 
appears to be neither linear nor logarithmic. Id. The uncertainty of the scale 
of the x-axis calls into question the assumption by Dr. Noecker that the blue 
dot on the x-axis of Figure 6 is necessarily 0.025% as opposed to, for 
example, 0.02%, which is specifically called out in the Specification’s 
description of Figure 6 as a preferred concentration. See Ex. 1001, 19:57 
(stating Figure 6 demonstrates that “the net effectiveness of brimonidine as a 
decongestant is greatest between about 0.01% and about 0.03%; preferably 
between about 0.012% and about 0.02%”) (emphasis added). 
Moreover, like Dr. Sher, we question the accuracy of Dr. Noecker’s 
statement that concentrations less than 0.03% have no rebound hyperemia. 
See Ex. 1049 ¶ 19 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 94). As seen by a magnified portion of 
Figure 2, reproduced below, the dark gray, solid line indicating rebound 
hyperemia appears to show at least some amount of rebound hyperemia 
below 0.03%: 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
26 
 
 
That is, the magnified portion of Figure 2 depicts the dark gray rebound 
hyperemia curve between 0.01% and 0.03% to be above the x-axis, 
indicating—on its face—that some rebound hyperemia occurs, contrary to 
Dr. Noecker’s testimony. Id. 
We, therefore, credit the reasoning of Dr. Sher, who explains that, in 
light of the imprecision of the figures, a POSA would not rely on the figures 
to discern when rebound hyperemia begins, but would rather rely on the 
Specification, which states “rebound hyperemia begins at around 0.03%.” 
Id. We are persuaded that those words of approximation suggest that 
rebound hyperemia could begin either a little less than, at, or a little more 
than 0.03% brimonidine. See Ex. 1049 ¶ 25. Thus, we agree with Dr. Sher 
that “a POSA would read the ’742 patent’s description of Figure 6 and 
reasonably conclude that ‘at around 0.03%’ includes 0.025%.” Id. 
We also note that this is consistent with Example 1 and Figure 4E of 
the ’742 patent, which shows an experiment where rebound hyperemia does 
not occur even at a concentration of 0.033% brimonidine. Id. ¶ 26 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 20:17–29, Fig. 4E). Patent Owner and its expert Dr. Noecker 
argue that the reference to administering 0.033% brimonidine is a 
typographical error because “a POSA would have expected, for 
experimental consistency purposes, that a 0.02% brimonidine drop would 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
27 
have been instilled to complete the sequence and evaluate whether the 
0.02% concentration caused hyperemia.” See PO Resp. 37–38; Ex. 2020 
¶ 119. Dr. Sher disagrees, as “there is nothing in the specification that 
signaled to [him] that this was an error.” Ex. 1029 ¶ 26 n.1. Because 
0.033% brimonidine is within the range of preferred low-dose brimonidine 
concentrations disclosed in the Specification, we are not persuaded that a 
POSA reading Figure 4E would necessarily have considered the 
administration of 0.033% brimonidine to be a typographical error.11 See 
Ex. 1001, 3:60–61. 
Finally, the prosecution history of the ’742 patent is consistent with 
construing “about 0.025%” to include 0.03%. The ’742 patent claims 
priority to U.S. Provisional Application No. 61/207,481 (“the ’481 
provisional application”). Ex. 1001, code (60). Figure 4 of the ’481 
provisional application is very similar to Figure 2 of the ’742 patent, as both 
depict the vasoconstriction effect versus various low-dose concentrations of 
brimonidine. Compare Ex. 1001, Figure 2, with Ex. 1011, 111. Figure 4 of 
the ’481 provisional application is reproduced below: 
 
11 Even if Dr. Noecker is correct that 0.033% is a typographical error, our 
conclusion would be the same in light of the other intrinsic evidence in 
support of our construction. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
28 
 
According to the ’481 provisional application, in Figure 4, “the net 
vasoconstrictive effect curve (vasoconstriction – rebound) is shown by the 
thicker light gray curve, and peaks at ~ 0.025% +/- 0.01% (intersecting 
dashed lines).” Ex. 1011, 111; Ex. 1049 ¶ 16. Once again, Patent Owner 
attempts to discredit this intrinsic evidence, claiming it to be error because 
the dashed lines intersect the x-axis at 0.03%, and not 0.025%. PO Sur-
reply 5 n.2 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 94, 95, 111). Patent Owner also notes that 
Figure 13 of the ’481 provisional application teaches that “despite the 
increased vasoconstrictive effect at and above 0.03%, below 0.03% is 
preferred due to the lower incidence of rebound hyperemia.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1011, 121). 
We are not persuaded. If anything, the ’481 provisional application 
bolsters Petitioner’s point that the figures are generally imprecise and the 
words of the Specification provide the most clarity. Figure 4’s description 
of the net vasoconstrictive effect curve “peak[ing] at ~ 0.025% +/- 0.01%” 
(i.e., between about 0.015% and 0.035%) is consistent with Figure 6 of the 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
29 
’742 patent, which states the net effectiveness of brimonidine is greatest 
between about 0.01% and about 0.03%. See Ex. 1001, 19:54–56. Thus, we 
find that the ’781 provisional application supports construing “about 
0.025%” as including 0.03%. See Ex. 1011, 111. 
Finally, as support for its “plus or minus 10%” construction, Patent 
Owner relies on typical FDA “acceptance criteria” and the definition of 
“about” from the U.S. Pharmacaopeia (“USP”). PO Resp. 35–36 (citing 
Ex. 2021 ¶¶ 43–44). Patent Owner, however, cites no intrinsic evidence that 
suggests either of those references are applicable to the ’742 patent claims. 
We acknowledge, as Dr. Laskar does, that the USP and the FDA are relevant 
to the field of pharmaceuticals that the ’742 patent claims are directed to. 
See Ex. 2212, 129:22–130:3. But weighing the evidence presented, we find 
the intrinsic evidence to be more persuasive and decline to apply extrinsic 
criteria that are not cited by the ’742 patent Specification as applicable to the 
interpretation of the claims. 
Accordingly, having considered the arguments and evidence presented 
at trial, we determine the term “about 0.025%” includes 0.03% brimonidine. 
4. 
“ocular condition” 
Independent claims 1 and 3 recite that brimonidine is administered “to 
a patient having an ocular condition.” Ex. 1001, claims 1 and 3. Petitioner 
notes that the ’742 patent defines “ocular condition” broadly. Pet. 31 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 12:14–49). Petitioner therefore urges us to construe “ocular 
condition” as including, without limitation, eye redness, glaucoma 
(including open-angle glaucoma), ocular hypertension, postoperative 
reduction of subconjunctival hemorrhage and hyperemia after refractive 
surgery such as LASIK and radial keratotomy, subconjunctival hemorrhage 
and hyperemia prophylaxis prior to refractive surgery such as LASIK and 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
30 
radial keratotomy, and redness in the eye following LASIK or radial 
keratotomy. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 12:14–49; Ex. 1002 ¶ 47). 
Patent Owner argues that a POSA would understand the term “ocular 
condition” to mean “a condition of the eye causing ocular hyperemia that 
can be reduced,” which excludes subconjunctival hemorrhage. PO Resp. 25 
(citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 101–105). According to Patent Owner, eye redness from 
vasodilation of intact ocular blood vessels (i.e., hyperemia) is different than 
eye redness caused by a subconjunctival hemorrhage, in which broken blood 
vessels cause a mass of blood beneath the conjunctiva. Id. at 26–27 (citing 
Ex. 2162, 111:14–113:5). Patent Owner reasons that because the preamble 
recites “a method of reducing eye redness,” and the body of the claim recites 
a “patient having an ocular condition,” a POSA would have understood that 
the eye redness sought to be reduced arose from the patient’s ocular 
condition. Id. at 26. 
We find Petitioner has the better position in light of the Specification. 
The Specification states that “the surprising and unexpected discoveries of 
the present invention potentially have application in treating . . . a variety of 
ocular . . . conditions.” Ex. 1001, 11:57–59. The Specification then 
provides an extensive list of “Ocular Conditions,” including but not limited 
to “red eye, including chronic red eye; ocular vascular congestion after Lasik 
surgery; prophylactic intraoperative and postoperative reduction of 
hemorrhage and hyperemia after Lasik surgery; preoperative hermorrhage 
and hyperemia prophylaxis prior to Lasik surgery.” Id. at 12:13–59. Thus, 
we reject Patent Owner’s attempt to exclude subconjunctival hemorrhage 
from the construction of “ocular condition,” as it is contrary to the disclosure 
of the Specification. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
31 
Accordingly, we construe the term “ocular condition” as including, 
without limitation, “eye redness, glaucoma (including open-angle 
glaucoma); elevated intraocular pressure, also known as ocular hypertension, 
postoperative reduction of subconjunctival hemorrhage and hyperemia after 
refractive surgery such as LASIK and radial keratotomy, subconjunctival 
hemorrhage and hyperemia prophylaxis prior to refractive surgery such as 
LASIK and radial keratotomy, and redness in the eye following LASIK or 
radial keratotomy.” 
C. 
Anticipation Over Gil 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1 and 2 are anticipated by Gil. Pet. 32–
37. Patent Owner opposes Petitioner’s assertion. PO Resp. 40–43. Having 
considered the evidence and arguments presented at trial, we determine that 
Petitioner has not established by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 1 and 2 are anticipated by Gil. 
1. 
Gil (Ex. 1004) 
Gil is a U.S. patent entitled “Method of Treating Ocular Pain,” which 
issued on September 25, 2001. Ex. 1004, codes (54), (45). Patent Owner 
does not dispute that Gil is prior art. See generally PO Resp. Gil is, 
therefore, prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). 
Gil relates to the topical use of brimonidine to treat ocular pain and 
neurogenic inflammation. Ex. 1004, 1:11–13. Gil explains that the first step 
leading to the sensation of pain is the activation of nociceptive primary 
afferents (i.e., pain receptors) by some form of stimuli. Id. at 1:20–22. The 
stimulation of primary afferents leads to the release of neuropeptides, which 
“enhance inflammatory reactions in the injured tissue, contributing to 
vasodilation, edema, and increased vascular permeability, this phenomenon 
is called ‘neurogenic inflammation.’” Id. at 1:40–43. Gil teaches that an 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
32 
effective dose of brimonidine is likely between 0.01% and 0.5% to provide 
ocular pain relief. Id. at 3:46–49; see also id. at 3:53–66 (“For ophthalmic 
application, preferably solutions are prepared typically containing from 
about 0.01% to about 0.5% of active ingredient, and a physiological saline 
solution as a major vehicle.”). Gil also teaches that “[o]cular responses 
characteristic of neurogenic inflammation[ include] redness,” and that 
“[b]rimonidine is effective in reducing such neurogenic responses.” Id. 
at 5:39–45. 
In Example 1 of Gil, Gil teaches administering 0.03% brimonidine to 
patients who have undergone radial keratotomy12 to correct myopia. Id. 
at 4:47–52. Gil states that each subject receives brimonidine every four 
hours while awake one day before surgery and again every 20 minutes for 
the two hours before surgery. Id. at 4:54–57. After surgery, each subject 
receives one drop of the brimonidine every hour hours while awake for 14 
days. Id. at 4:58–60. Example 1 states that efficacy is assessed by 
evaluating pain intensity and pain relief. Id. at 4:62–63. Gil also notes that 
“[s]ymptoms of ocular inflammation (i.e., burning/stinging, tearing, etc.) are 
also recorded.” Id. at 4:63–65. Gil concludes that the results “appear[] to 
suggest that brimonidine, administered preoperatively, blocks the perception 
of pain.” Id. at 5:1–2. 
2. 
Analysis 
“A claim is anticipated if each and every element as set forth in the 
claim is found, either expressly or inherently, in a single prior art reference.” 
 
12 According to Dr. Sher, an ophthalmologist, radial keratotomy is “a 
refractive surgery that . . . involves making a series of radial incisions in the 
cornea, approximately 90-95% in depth, to flatten the cornea and reduce 
myopia.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 41. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
33 
Arbutus Biopharma Corp. v. ModernaTX, Inc., 65 F. 4th 656, 662 (Fed. Cir. 
2023). The Federal Circuit explains that “[a]nticipation by inherent 
disclosure is appropriate only when the reference discloses prior art that 
must necessarily include the unstated limitation.” Monsanto Tech. LLC v. 
I.E. DuPont de Nemours & Co., 878 F.3d 1336, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2018). 
Inherent anticipation requires “merely that the disclosure of the prior art is 
sufficient to show that the natural result flowing from the operation as taught 
in the prior art would result in the claimed product.” SmithKline Beecham 
Corp. v. Apotex Corp., 403 F.3d 1331, 1343–44 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (internal 
quotes omitted). Moreover, “[n]ewly discovered results of known processes 
directed to the same purpose are not patentable because such results are 
inherent.” Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs., Inc., 246 F.3d 
1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2001). 
Petitioner asserts that Example 1 of Gil discloses each limitation of 
claims 1 and 2. Pet. 33–37 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 53–67; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 77–81). 
Patent Owner argues that Gil does not anticipate, because Gil is directed to 
the use of brimonidine to treat ocular pain and does not inherently disclose a 
method of reducing eye redness. PO Resp. 40–43 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 145–
150, 188–194). Having considered the evidence and arguments presented at 
trial, we agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner has not shown sufficiently 
that Gil inherently anticipates the claims. 
Petitioner argues that Example 1 of Gil, which discloses administering 
0.03% brimonidine, is inherently a method “for reducing eye redness.” 
Pet. 34 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 55 (“Whether intended or not, the administration 
of 0.03% brimonidine to the radial keratotomy patients in Example 1 of [Gil] 
is a method for reducing eye redness.”)). According to Petitioner, because 
0.03% brimonidine is in the range recited in claim 1, administration of 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
34 
0.03% brimonidine to refractive surgery patients in Example 1 is “admitted 
to be a ‘method for reducing eye redness.’” Id. at 33. Moreover, 
Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Sher, testifies that eye redness will necessarily result 
from radial keratotomy surgery. Ex. 1049 ¶¶ 47–50. 
In response, Patent Owner argues that Gil is directed to relieving pain, 
and not to reducing eye redness. PO Resp. 40. Patent Owner notes that Gil 
discloses that “neurogenic inflammation” resulting from corneal injury can 
include pain, vasodilation, edema, and increased vascular permeability. Id. 
at 40–41 (citing Ex. 1004, 1:16–18, 40–43). But, according to Patent 
Owner’s expert, Dr. Noecker, a POSA would have understood that a patient 
suffering from ocular inflammation can exhibit some, but not all, of those 
symptoms. Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 145–146. For example, Dr. Noecker explains that a 
patient with corneal injuries may not exhibit any eye redness at all. 
Ex. 2020 ¶ 146 (citing Ex. 2174, 4). As such, Dr. Noecker states that, 
because the cornea is avascular, if radial keratotomy is performed properly, 
“ocular redness may not necessarily and inevitably result.” Id. ¶ 149. 
Because Example 1 of Gil makes no mention of redness reduction or 
measurements of redness, Patent Owner asserts that Example 1 does not 
necessarily establish that 0.03% brimonidine reduces eye redness. Id. ¶ 150. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
are persuaded that Petitioner has not satisfied its burden to show Gil 
inherently anticipates a method of reducing eye redness. Although common 
sense may tempt us to assume that a procedure involving multiple incisions 
to the cornea would necessarily cause eye redness, we cannot ignore the 
evidence to the contrary that casts doubt on that assumption. 
For example, Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Sher, asserts that radial 
keratotomy would necessarily cause eye redness because the lid speculum 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
35 
rests on the conjunctiva during the procedure and because of the 
inflammatory response caused by incisions to the eye. Ex. 1049 ¶¶ 47, 50. 
But Dr. Sher cites Dr. Noecker’s testimony as support, which states that 
“inflammation triggers an immune response involving conjunctival 
leukocytes, causing eye lid edema (puffy eye) and possibly hyperemia.” Id. 
(quoting Ex. 2020 ¶ 51) (emphasis added). Moreover, Dr. Sher admitted 
during his cross-examination that, although rare, it is possible to have pain 
without redness in ophthalmology. Ex. 2162, 107:2–16. Thus, although Gil 
discloses the use of brimonidine for treating ocular pain and neurogenic 
inflammation, which involves “vasodilation, edema, and increased vascular 
permeability,” Ex. 1004, 1:40–43, Petitioner has not shown sufficiently that 
Example 1 necessarily and inevitably discloses patients with eye redness. 
Moreover, as discussed above at Section II.B.1, we interpret the preamble of 
claim 1 as requiring “that the claimed brimonidine composition be 
administered with the intentional purpose of reducing eye redness.” But this 
intent is neither expressly nor inherently disclosed by Gil, because a POSA 
would not have read Gil’s disclosure of administering brimonidine with the 
express intent to treat eye pain as necessarily an intent to treat eye redness. 
Petitioner also argues that the claims do not require that redness 
actually be reduced. Pet. Reply 7–8. As explained above, we agree. The 
claims require that the composition be administered with the intent to reduce 
redness. That, however, does not save Petitioner’s argument where, as here, 
Example 1 of Gil does not necessarily disclose administering brimonidine to 
patients who actually suffer from eye redness. 
We find Perricone, M.D., v. Medicis Pharm. Corp., 432 F.3d 1368 
(Fed. Cir. 2005), to be instructive. There, the claim recited a method “for 
treating skin sunburn” comprising applying the claimed lotion. Id. at 1378. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
36 
The Federal Circuit held that the prior art, which disclosed applying the 
claimed lotion to skin, but not to skin sunburn, did not inherently anticipate 
the claim. Id. at 1379. According to the court, “[t]he issue is not . . . 
whether [the prior art’s] lotion if applied to skin sunburn would inherently 
treat that damage, but whether [the prior art] discloses the application of its 
composition to skin sunburn. It does not.” Id. at 1378. Similarly, here, the 
issue is not whether Gil’s disclosure of administering 0.03% brimonidine to 
radial keratotomy patients if they have eye redness would inherently reduce 
eye redness. The issue is whether Gil discloses administering 0.03% 
brimonidine to patients who actually have eye redness and with the intent 
that eye redness be reduced in such patients.13 As explained above, we find 
Petitioner has not satisfied its burden to show that it does. 
Accordingly, we are not persuaded that Petitioner has shown that Gil 
inherently discloses “a method of reducing eye redness,” as required by 
claims 1 and 2. 
3. 
Conclusion 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
determine Petitioner has not established by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claims 1 and 2 are anticipated by Gil. 
D. Anticipation over Walters 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1 and 2 are anticipated by Walter. 
Pet. 40–43. Patent Owner opposes Petitioner’s assertion. PO Resp. 43–44. 
 
13 Perricone notes, however, that if the prior art taught sunburn prevention, 
as well as the mechanism behind that prevention, those teachings might have 
suggested that the sunburn treatment claims would have been obvious. 432 
F.3d at 1379. As seen below in our obviousness analysis, we find Gil’s 
teachings suggest administering 0.03% brimonidine to reduce eye redness. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
37 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
determine that Petitioner has not established by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1 and 2 are anticipated by Walters. 
1. 
Walters (Ex. 1005) 
Walters is an abstract from the Annual Spring Meeting of the 
Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology held April 28–May 
3, 1991, that indicates it was published on March 15, 1991, and was publicly 
available at least on March 28, 1991. See Ex. 1005, 1.14 Patent Owner does 
not dispute that Walters is prior art. See generally PO Resp. Walters is, 
therefore, prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). 
Walters describes a pilot study that evaluated the efficacy and safety 
of administering 0.08% or 0.02% of a compound called “AGN 190342-LF” 
to patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Id. at 4. 
Walters does not identify “AGN 190342-LF” as brimonidine, but Walters 
notes that it is a relatively selective alpha2-adrenoceptor agonist that 
possesses a 2-amino-imidazoline group. Id. Petitioner points to several 
references that identify “AGN 190342-LF” as brimonidine. Pet. 37–38 
 
14 Unless stated otherwise, for non-patent publications, we cite to the page 
number of the exhibit, and not of the publication. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
38 
(citing Ex. 101515; Ex. 103416; Ex. 102917; Ex. 103018; Ex. 102819; 
Ex. 103120; Ex. 103521). Walters concludes that brimonidine “has potential 
in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure.” Id. 
2. 
Analysis 
Petitioner argues that Walters anticipates claims 1 and 2. Pet. 40–44. 
For example, with respect to claim 1, Petitioner asserts that because Walters 
discloses administering 0.02% brimonidine, which falls within the range of 
claim 1, Walters must be a method for reducing eye redness. Id. at 40. 
Moreover, Petitioner argues that normal human eyes show some degree of 
redness and that, because of its activity as a vasoconstrictor, the 
administration of 0.02% brimonidine must inherently reduce redness of the 
eyes. Id. at 40–41 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 71; Ex. 1026, 634). Petitioner argues 
that the patients in Walters have open-angle glaucoma or ocular 
hypertension and, therefore, disclose the “patient having an ocular 
 
15 P. B. M. W. M. Timmermans, Structure-Activity Relationships in 
Clonidine-Like Imidazolidines and Related Compounds, 3 PROG. 
PHARMACOL. 21–60 (1980). Ex. 1015. 
16 C. Du-Shieng et al., Corneal and Conjunctival/Scleral Penetration of p-
aminoclonidine, AGN 190342, and Clonidine in Rabbit Eyes, 9 CURRENT 
EYE RES. 1051–059 (1990). Ex. 1034. 
17 R. David et al., Brimonidine in the Prevention of Intraocular Pressure 
Elevation Following Argon Laser Trabeculoplasty, 111 ARCH. 
OPHTHALMOl. 1387–390 (1993). Ex. 1029. 
18 Huang et al., US 2005/0244463 A1, November 3, 2005. Ex. 1030. 
19 J. Burke et al., Adrenergic and lmidazoline Receptor-Mediated Responses 
to UK-14,304-18 (Brimonidine) in Rabbits and Monkeys: A Species 
Difference, 763 ANNALS N.Y. ACAD. SCIS. 78–95 (1995). Ex. 1028. 
20 Michael Weintraub, M.D., letter to Dr. Adelbert L. Stagg, Ph.D., dated 
“September (illegible), 199(illegible). Ex. 1031. 
21 J. Burke et al., Preclinical Evaluation of Brimonidine, 41 (Supp. 1) 
SURVEY OF OPHTHALMOL. S9-S18 (1996). Ex. 1035. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
39 
condition” limitation. Id. at 41 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 74). Finally, Petitioner 
notes that Walters teaches administering 0.02% brimonidine, which is within 
the range of claim 1 (0.001% to about 0.05%) and of dependent claim 2 
(between 0.01% to about 0.025%). Id. at 42–44 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 84–86). 
In response, Patent Owner notes that Walters does not use the word 
“redness,” let alone mention anything about reduction in eye redness. 
PO Resp. 43. According to Patent Owner, because of the lack of any 
individual patient data, “it cannot be determined whether the patients had 
eye redness,” or whether the patients who may have had eye redness actually 
received 0.02% brimonidine versus 0.08% brimonidine or the placebo. Id. 
at 43–44. In short, Patent Owner asserts Petitioner’s arguments on Walters 
are too speculative to satisfy the heavy burden of proving inherent 
anticipation. Id. at 44. 
Petitioner did not address Patent Owner’s arguments with respect to 
Walters in its Reply. See generally Pet. Reply. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
agree with Patent Owner. Although Walters discloses administration of 
dosages of brimonidine that are within the claimed ranges to patients with 
open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension, we agree with Dr. Noecker 
that Walters is silent with respect to the degree of redness, if any, in the eyes 
of those patients. See Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 197–198; Ex. 1005. Moreover, even if 
some patients did have eye redness, we further agree that it is not known 
whether those patients received the 0.08% brimonidine solution or the 
placebo instead of the 0.02% brimonidine solution, as required by the 
claims. Ex. 2020 ¶ 198. Consequently, we agree with Patent Owner that 
Petitioner has failed to show that Walters inherently anticipates claims 1 and 
2 of the ’742 patent. 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
40 
3. 
Conclusion 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has failed to show by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 1 and 2 are anticipated by Walters. 
E. 
Obviousness over Gil, Norden, 
Dean, Alphagan, and Federal Register 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–6 are unpatentable as obvious over 
Gil, Norden, Dean, Alphagan, and Federal Register. Pet. 44–63. Patent 
Owner opposes Petitioner’s assertion. PO Resp. 44–70. Having considered 
the arguments and evidence presented at trial, for the reasons below we 
determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 1–6 are unpatentable as obvious over the cited references. We 
incorporate here our earlier findings and discussion regarding the disclosure 
of Gil. 
1. 
Norden (Ex. 1006) 
Norden is an article entitled “Effect of Prophylactic Brimonidine on 
Bleeding Complications and Flap Adherence After Laser in situ 
Keratomileusis,” which was published in the July/August 2002 issue of 
Journal of Refractive Surgery and indicates on its face to have been publicly 
available as of July 29, 2002. Ex. 1006, 2. Patent Owner does not dispute 
Norden is prior art. See generally PO Resp. We find Norden is, therefore, 
prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). 
Norden teaches that brimonidine is a relatively selective α-2 
adrenergic agonist and that α-2 adrenergic agonist drugs are considered to be 
“strong vasoconstrictors.” Ex. 1006, 4. Norden teaches that there are many 
anecdotal reports that the use of topical brimonidine before LASIK surgery 
can help prevent bleeding-related problems in the anterior segment. Id. As 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
41 
such, Norden states that “some refractive surgeons now administer 
[brimonidine] prophylactically to reduce subconjunctival hemorrhage and 
improve the post-operative appearance.” Id. Accordingly, Norden explains 
that this study was designed to “objectively assess the effect of brimonidine 
administration before LASIK on subconjunctival hemorrhage, hyperemia, 
and micropannus bleeding.” Id. 
Norden describes a study in which LASIK was performed on 61 eyes 
of 31 patients.22 Id. at 5. Patients received one drop of 0.2% brimonidine 
(Alphagan) fifteen minutes before LASIK surgery and a second drop five 
minutes before surgery. Id. at 5. The drops were administered by 
ophthalmic technicians to one eye only. Id. LASIK surgery was performed 
and the amount of subconjunctival hemorrhage, hyperemia, bleeding from 
the micropannus, and flap slippage/wrinkling were recorded. Id. at 5. 
Norden reports that subconjunctival hemorrhage was observed in 22 
of 61 eyes, and all but three of 61 eyes had hyperemia. Id. at 6. Norden 
reports that the amount of hyperemia was “notably lower in the eyes treated 
prophylactically with brimonidine.” Id. Norden concluded that the data 
show that “brimonidine administered before LASIK can significantly reduce 
subconjunctival hemorrhage as well as the amount of hyperemia.” Id. at 7. 
2. 
Dean (Ex. 1007) 
Dean is a U.S. patent entitled “Brinzolamide and Brimonidine for 
Treating Ocular Conditions,” which issued June 5, 2001. Ex. 1007, 
codes (54), (45). Patent Owner does not dispute Dean is prior art. See 
generally PO Resp. Dean is, therefore, prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). 
 
22 One patient underwent unilateral LASIK. Id. at 5. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
42 
Dean relates to the treatment of ocular diseases and conditions 
involving compromised blood flow with novel formulations of brinzolamide 
with brimonidine and the use of the two compounds separately. Ex. 1007, 
1:4–8. Dean teaches that brimonidine is a “potent and relatively selective a2 
agonist” and that “[u]pon topical administration, brimonidine causes 
vasoconstriction in scleral vessels.” Id. at 2:33–36. Dean notes that 
although brimonidine is a “relatively safe compound it has been shown to 
cause the side effects of sedation and ocular hyperemia in an allergic like 
reaction in some patients.” Id. at 2:38–41. Dean explains that the side 
effects “are thought to be due to the relatively high concentration of the drug 
administered topically.” Id. at 2:41–43. Although the mechanism by which 
brimonidine causes hyperemia is not well understood, Dean teaches that “[i]t 
is likely that the frequent instillation of relatively high drug concentrations 
causes this side effect.” Id. at 2:45–47. As such, Dean suggests that 
“lowering the overall dose of brimonidine while maintaining IOP control 
would be advantageous.” Id. at 2:45–50. 
Dean teaches that brimonidine, when administered alone, “is 
preferably formulated as a topical ophthalmic solution with a pH of about 
4.5–7.8” and “will normally be contained in the formulation at a 
concentration of 0.01%–0.2% by weight.” Id. at 5:20–23. 
3. 
Alphagan (Ex. 1008) 
Alphagan is an entry in the 52nd edition of the Physician’s Desk 
Reference, which was published in 1998. Ex. 1008, 3. Patent Owner does 
not dispute Alphagan is prior art. See generally PO Resp. Alphagan is, 
therefore, prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). 
Alphagan teaches that “Alphagan 0.2%” is a brimonidine tartrate 
ophthalmic solution that is a relatively selective α-2 adrenergic agonist. Id. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
43 
Alphagan teaches that Alphagan 0.2% “is indicated for lowering intraocular 
pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.” Id. 
Alphagan also teaches a pH range of 6.3–6.5. Id. 
4. 
Federal Register (Ex. 1009) 
Federal Register is an entry in the Federal Register, published on 
March 4, 1988. Ex. 1009, 1. Patent Owner does not dispute Federal 
Register is prior art. See generally PO Resp. Federal Register is, therefore, 
prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). 
Federal Register is a publication of a final rule establishing conditions 
for branding of over-the-counter ophthalmic drug products. Id. Federal 
Register states that vasoconstrictors can be identified as a “redness reliever” 
or labeled with “eye redness reliever.” Id. at 7. Federal Register identifies 
several vasoconstrictors, including 2-imidazoline derivatives, naphazoline 
hydrochloride (0.01 to 0.03%) and tetrahydrozoline hydrochloride (0.01 to 
0.05%). Id. at 14. 
5. 
Analysis 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that 
the subject matter, as a whole, would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which the 
subject matter pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations, including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of nonobviousness. 
Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
44 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
Accordingly, Petitioner must show that “a skilled artisan would have been 
motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art references to achieve the 
claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so.” In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 
F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (quotations and citations omitted). 
 
Petitioner’s Contentions 
a) 
Claim 3 
Petitioner asserts that the combination of Gil, Norden, Dean. 
Alphagan, and Federal Register teaches each limitation of claim 3. Pet. 50–
60 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 142–168; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 96–104). 
(1) “A method for reducing eye redness consisting essentially of 
topically administering to a patient having an ocular condition a 
composition” 
Petitioner asserts that Gil Example 1 teaches a method of reducing eye 
redness through the topical administration of 0.03% brimonidine drops into 
the eyes of patients undergoing radial keratotomy surgery, and no other 
drugs, compositions or steps are identified for reducing eye redness. Pet. 50 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 142). 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
45 
 
Petitioner also argues that Norden teaches this limitation, because 
Norden teaches that some refractive surgeons administer topical brimonidine 
to prophylactically reduce subconjunctival hemorrhage and improve post-
operative appearance, and no other drugs, compositions or steps are 
identified in the anecdotal reports. Pet. 51 (citing Ex. 1006, 468; Ex. 1002 
¶ 142). 
 
Petitioner’s position is that Gil and Norden each discloses a method 
for reducing eye redness consisting essentially of topically administering 
brimonidine to a patient having an ocular condition, e.g., radial keratotomy 
or LASIK surgery. Id. at 50–51. 
(2) “to a patient having an ocular condition” 
This element of the claim is largely covered by Petitioner’s 
contentions addressed above, but Petitioner further specifically contends that 
Gil and Norden 2002 both disclose administration “to a patient with an 
ocular condition” because they both disclose refractive surgery patients 
where the “ocular condition” is preoperative prophylaxis and/or the post-
operative treatment of the subconjunctival hemorrhage and hyperemia 
caused by refractive surgery. Pet. 51 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 145). 
(3) “a composition consisting essentially of brimonidine 
Petitioner argues that Example 1 of Gil teaches this limitation because 
it discloses administering a 0.03% brimonidine ophthalmic solution with no 
other active ingredient, and the “preferred vehicle” is purified water. Pet. 52 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 146). Furthermore, Petitioner contends, in Example 4 of 
Gil, brimonidine is the only active ingredient of the ophthalmic formulation 
and is effective in reducing neurogenic responses, such as redness. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 147). 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
46 
Petitioner asserts that Norden also teaches a composition consisting 
essentially of brimonidine because anecdotal reports of refractive surgeons 
administering brimonidine before LASIK surgery state that brimonidine 
helps to prevent bleeding-related problems in the anterior segment. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 148). 
According to Petitioner, a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have been motivated to use only a single active ingredient in the method of 
treatment to avoid possible negative side effects from a second drug and 
possible negative drug interactions. Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 149). Petitioner 
also contends that a POSA would have had a reasonable expectation that 
brimonidine could be successfully used as a vasoconstrictor in topical eye 
drops to reduce redness, because: (1) 2-imidazoline derivatives had been in 
commercial use for decades as vasoconstrictor compounds in redness 
reducing topical eye drops; (2) brimonidine is a 2-imidazoline derivative and 
was known to be a potent vasoconstrictor; (3) brimonidine was known to 
exert its vasoconstrictor activity on the front but not the back portion of the 
eye; (4) brimonidine was approved by the U.S. FDA for use in a topical eye 
drop for over ten years; (5) brimonidine was considered to be safe, well 
tolerated and with a low rate of allergic response; and (6) it had been 
reported that brimonidine drops dripping from the eye caused “blanching,” 
i.e. whitening, of the skin on the cheeks. Id. at 53 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 150; 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 43). 
(4) “into ocular tissue” 
Petitioner argues that Example 1 of Gil teaches that, subsequent to 
surgery, “each subject receives one drop of the study medication in the 
operated eye.” Pet. 54 (quoting Ex. 1004, 4:58–59). Petitioner asserts that a 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
47 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood this to mean topical 
administration to the eye. Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 152). 
Petitioner argues that Norden teaches that there were “many anecdotal 
reports that the use of topical brimonidine before laser in situ keratomileusis 
(LASIK) can help prevent bleeding–related problems in the anterior 
segment.” Id. 54 (citing Ex. 1006, 468). Petitioner notes that, in the clinical 
study of Norden, “ophthalmic technicians applied the brimonidine drops.” 
Id. (citing Ex. 1006, 469). Petitioner contends that a skilled artisan would 
have understood this to mean topical administration to the surface of the eye. 
Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 152). 
Petitioner also contends that Federal Register shows that, when used 
as a vasoconstrictor compound (the reason for which Norden discloses using 
brimonidine) to reduce eye redness, 2-imidazoline compounds, naphazoline 
and tetrahydrozoline, are applied topically to the eye. Pet. 54 (citing 
Ex. 1009, 14; Ex. 1003 ¶ 96). Petitioner further argues that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood that topical administration to 
the surface of the eye is a way to minimize systemic side effects by applying 
a relatively small amount of brimonidine directly to the part of the body 
where the brimonidine is needed. Id. at 55 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 152). 
(5) “wherein pH of said composition is between about 5.5 
and about 6.5” 
Petitioner asserts that Alphagan expressly teaches brimonidine eye 
drops with a pH of 6.3 to 6.5. Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1008, 3; Ex. 1003 ¶ 98). 
Petitioner further argues that the pKa of brimonidine was known in the art to 
be about 7.78. Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 99; Ex. 103323, col. 13, l. 59). 
 
23 Olejnik et al., US 6,562,873 B2, issued May 13, 2003 (Ex. 1033, 
“Olejnik”). 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
48 
Petitioner argues that a formulator of ordinary skill would have understood 
that a pH below the pKa would help maintain brimonidine at the eye surface 
for a longer time, which would be a useful property in a topical 
vasoconstrictor eye drop. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 99). Petitioner also notes 
that Olejnik teaches that the solubility of brimonidine tartrate is relatively 
high at pH 5.55, lower at pH 6.14, and much lower at pH 6.57. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1033, Table II; also Ex. 1003 ¶ 100). Petitioner therefore contends that, 
because a formulator would know that pH can change over time in storage, 
Olejnik would motivate a POSA to target a brimonidine tartrate solution in 
the range of pH 5.55 to 6.14. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 100). 
(6) “wherein said brimonidine concentration is between about 0.001% 
and about 0.025% weight by volume” 
Petitioner asserts that the 0.03% brimonidine solution in Example 1 of 
Gil teaches this limitation. Pet. 56 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 73). Petitioner further 
notes that Example 4 of Gil teaches a range of “0.01% to 0.5%” brimonidine 
and teaches a POSA to conduct a dose-ranging study in this range, and that 
the 0.03% brimonidine of Example 1 provides direction for that dose-
ranging study. Id. at 57 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 156, 157). Petitioner contends 
that there is a presumption of obviousness when the claimed concentration 
range overlaps a range disclosed in the prior art. Pet. 56–57 (citing, e.g., In 
re Aller, 220 F.2d 454, 456 (CCPA 1955)). 
 
Petitioner further argues that dose ranging is routine and a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to find an effective 
concentration while minimizing side effects. Pet. 58 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 158; 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 104). Petitioner contends that Dean teaches that 0.2% 
brimonidine is associated with eye redness (i.e., hyperemia) in some 
patients. Id. (citing Ex. 1007, 2:38–41; Ex. 1002 ¶ 158). Petitioner also 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
49 
contends that the cited prior art teaches that brimonidine at 0.08%, 0.2% and 
0.5% was reported to “significantly” reduce intraocular pressure, an 
unwanted side effect in a redness reducing eye drop. Id. (citing EX. 1002 
¶158). 
 
Accordingly, Petitioner contends that based on the 0.01% to 0.5% 
range disclosed in Example 4 of Gil, the hyperemia associated with some 
patients at 0.2%, the lowering of intraocular pressure at 0.08%, and the 
0.03% concentration taught in Example 1 of Gil, a POSA would have been 
motivated to explore the narrow range of 0.01% to 0.08%, making it even 
more obvious that a concentration within this limitation’s range would be 
found in the ordinary course. Id. at 59 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 159). 
 
Thus, Petitioner contends that, based on Gil, Norden, Dean, Alphagan, 
and Federal Register, a POSA would have been motivated to employ a 
method with each limitation of claim 3 with a reasonable expectation of 
success. 
b) 
Claim 1 
Petitioner asserts that claim 1 is broader than claim 3 because it has a 
broader concentration range, does not have to be “topically administered” 
“into ocular tissue,” there is no pH limitation, and the composition does not 
have to be formulated as an ocular drop. According to Petitioner, claim 1 is 
therefore obvious for the same reasons as claim 3. Pet. 60. 
c) 
Claim 2 
Petitioner asserts that claim 2 is broader than claim 3 because the 
composition in claim 2 does not have to be “topically administered” “into 
ocular tissue,” there is no pH limitation in claim 2, and the composition does 
not have to be formulated as an ocular drop. According to Petitioner, claim 
2 is therefore obvious for the same reasons as claim 3. Pet. 60–61. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
50 
d) 
Claim 4 
Claim 4 depends from claim 3 and further recites that the composition 
is “topically administered within about 24 hours after a LASIK surgery.” 
Petitioner asserts that a POSA would have been motivated to topically 
administer the composition within 24 hours after a LASIK surgery because 
both LASIK and radial keratotomy are refractive surgeries that cause eye 
redness; Norden teaches that some surgeons administer brimonidine 
prophylactically to reduce subconjunctival hemorrhage and improve post-
operative appearance; and Gil discloses administering brimonidine before 
radial keratotomy surgery and one drop every four waking hours after 
surgery. Id. at 61–62 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 170–172). 
Thus, to reduce eye redness associated with LASIK, Petitioner asserts 
a POSA would have been motivated to administer brimonidine within 24 
hours after LASIK surgery, as claimed, with a reasonable expectation of 
success. Id. 
e) 
Claims 5 and 6 
Claims 5 and 6 depend from claims 1 and 3, respectively, and further 
recite that the “ocular condition is chronic red eye.” Petitioner asserts that, 
although chronic red eye is not defined by the Specification, a POSA would 
understand chronic red eye to include eye redness caused by seasonal 
allergies. Pet. 62 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 175). Petitioner contends that a POSA 
would have expected brimonidine to reduce eye redness due to seasonal 
allergies because of its vasoconstrictor properties. Id. at 63 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶ 176). 
 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
51 
Patent Owner’s Contentions 
In response, Patent Owner asserts that a POSA seeking to develop a 
method for reducing eye redness would not have considered brimonidine 
because the existing redness reliever products were all selective α-1 or 
mixed α-1/α-2 agonists. PO Resp. 45–46 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 80–86, 213, 
214). Patent Owner contends that it was understood that α-2 agonists were 
known to cause vasodilation, which leads to hyperemia, and a POSA would 
not have been motivated to use brimonidine, which is a highly selective α-2 
agonist with very little α-1 effect, with a reasonable expectation of success. 
Id. at 46 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 76–80). 
Patent Owner argues that, contrary to Petitioner’s assertion, 2-
imidazoline derivatives are not all α-1-agonists and, regardless, brimonidine 
is an aminoimidazoline that does not have common structural features of 
vasoconstrictors like naphazoline and tetrahydrozoline. Id. at 47–48 (citing 
Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 27, 29, 43–49; Ex. 1016, 31). 
Moreover, argues Patent Owner, just because brimonidine was FDA 
approved to treat glaucoma does not mean it would have been suitable for 
every indication or for every patient population. Id. at 48. Brimonidine was 
known to cause redness with a high incidence of ocular allergic reactions, 
which resulted in long-term use limitations and noncompliance. Id. (citing 
Ex. 2020 ¶ 74, 91, 137). 
Patent Owner also argues that it would not have been obvious to use 
low concentrations of brimonidine or reasonably expect it to work because 
the data from FDA-approved Alphagan and Alphagan P products reveal a 
concentration-dependent relationship that suggests using a high 
concentration of brimonidine to reduce redness, rather than lower 
concentrations. Id. at 50–51 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 79, 219–222). 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
52 
Patent Owner also argues that a POSA would not have been motivated 
to formulate an eye drop at a pH between 5.5 and 6.5, as it is preferable to 
formulate ophthalmic products at or around physiological pH of 7.4. Id. 
at 51 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 138, 251; Ex. 2021 ¶ 59, 95). Moreover, Patent 
Owner contends that the Alphagan products demonstrate that a POSA would 
have targeted a pH above 7 to facilitate maximum penetration past the 
mucus and to the episcleral and sclera of the eye and to avoid eye irritation. 
Id. at 51–52 (citing Ex. 2021 ¶¶ 100–101). 
Patent Owner argues that Gil does not teach or suggest using 
brimonidine to reduce redness, as a patient who has ocular pain may or may 
not have eye redness. Id. at 53 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 234; Ex. 2174, 4). Patent 
Owner further argues that a POSA would not have combined Norden with 
Gil, because a POSA would have recognized the flaws in the Norden study, 
which would call into question Norden’s conclusion that 0.2% brimonidine 
reduces hyperemia. Id. at 55 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 169–175, 240–246). 
Finally, according to Patent Owner, Dean, Alphagan, and Federal Register 
do not cure the deficiencies of Gil and Norden, as Dean relates to lowering 
intraocular pressure with a combination of brinzolamide and brimonidine, 
Alphagan teaches brimonidine’s high rate of hyperemia and allergic 
reactions, and Federal Register discloses only α-1 or mixed α-1/α-2 agonists 
as ocular vasoconstrictors. Id. at 56–57 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 139, 143, 177–
182, 213, 248–249). 
 
Analysis 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
are persuaded that the combination of Gil, Norden, Dean, Alphagan, and 
Federal Register teach or suggest each limitation of the challenged claims 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
53 
and a POSA would have had a reason to combine the references with a 
reasonable expectation of success. See Pet. 50–63; see also Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 142–177. Moreover, as part of our consideration of the totality of the 
evidence and before making any final conclusions regarding obviousness, 
we have considered Patent Owner’s evidence of objective indicia of non-
obviousness, which we find unpersuasive and discuss in detail below at 
Section II.E.6. 
Regarding claim 3, we find that Norden, particularly as evidenced by 
Federal Register where it states that over-the-counter ophthalmic 
vasoconstrictors are eye redness relievers, teaches a method for reducing eye 
redness by administering prophylactic brimonidine to LASIK patients, 
which resulted in reducing subconjunctival hemorrhage and hyperemia. 
Ex. 1006, 4; Ex. 1009, 7082. We also find that Gil teaches administering 
0.03% brimonidine—which is within the claimed range—and suggests that 
doing so will reduce eye redness in radial keratotomy patients, particularly 
as evidenced by Federal Register and Dean. See Ex. 1004, 4:45–52; 
Ex. 1009, 7082; see also Ex. 1007, 2:35–36 (disclosing brimonidine to be a 
topical, ocular vasoconstrictor). Specifically, Gil teaches that vasodilation, 
increased vascular permeability, and redness are all signs of neurogenic 
inflammation, and that brimonidine “is effective in reducing such 
neurogenic responses.” Ex. 1004, 1:40–43, 5:38–40, 44–45. 
Even if the claim term “about 0.025%” did not encompass 0.03% 
brimonidine, Gil discloses a preferred range of “about 0.01% to about 0.5%” 
brimonidine, which overlaps the claimed range of “about 0.001% to about 
0.025%.” Ex. 1001, 3:46–49, 3:63–65, 5:41–46. We agree with Petitioner 
that the overlap in brimonidine concentration creates a presumption of 
obviousness, which is not rebutted upon considering the totality of the 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
54 
evidence of record. See Pet. 56–57 (citing In re Aller, 220 F.2d 454, 456 
(CCPA 1955) (stating “where the general conditions of a claim are disclosed 
in the prior art, it is not inventive to discover the optimum or workable 
ranges by routine experimentation”)); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 156–157. 
We find Norden and Gil also teach a composition “consisting 
essentially of brimonidine,” as the references teach or suggest that 
brimonidine alone is effective in reducing eye redness. Id.; Ex. 1006, 4; 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 147–148. Although Norden and Gil may also teach the 
possibility of co-administering pain medication, steroids, and antibiotics, as 
Patent Owner asserts (PO Supp. Br. 14–15), the claims—when properly 
construed—do not preclude administering other drugs that do not materially 
affect the basic and novel characteristics of the claims (i.e., brimonidine’s 
ability to reduce redness), even if those drugs also reduce redness.24 See 
Ecolab, 569 F.3d at 1343–44. Furthermore, we credit the testimony of 
Dr. Sher, who explains that a POSA would have been motivated to use a 
single active ingredient to avoid possible negative side effects from a second 
drug and that brimonidine was known to be a potent vasoconstrictor that was 
considered to be safe for topical eye drop use. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 149–150; see 
also Ex. 1003 ¶ 43. 
Finally, we find Alphagan teaches brimonidine eye drops with a pH of 
6.3 to 6.5, and that a POSA would, therefore, have been motivated to use a 
 
24 We note that Norden teaches administering anesthetic (proparacaine), 
antibiotic (ofloxacin), and steroid (prednisolone) to each patient, and 
subconjunctival hemorrhage and hyperemia was observed. Ex. 1006, 5. 
Thus, even if the claim term “consisting essentially of” were construed to 
preclude agents that reduced eye redness, Norden suggests that those 
additional agents do not affect brimonidine’s redness-reducing action and, 
would therefore, still satisfy the “consisting essentially of” limitation. 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
55 
pH between about 5.5 and 6.5 with a reasonable expectation of success. 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 98; Ex. 1008. We credit the testimony of Dr. Laskar, who 
explains that it would have been routine for a POSA who was a 
pharmaceutical formulator to formulate brimonidine ocular drops at any pH 
between about 5.5 and about 6.5. Ex. 1003 ¶ 102. 
Thus, we are persuaded that a POSA would have had a reason to 
combine the pH of Alphagan with the 0.03% brimonidine of Gil to reduce 
redness as taught by Gil and Norden, as evidenced by Federal Register and 
Dean, with a reasonable expectation of success. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 140–168. 
Having found that the combination of references teaches each 
limitation of claim 3, we consider Patent Owner’s arguments in response. 
First, Patent Owner argues that a POSA would not have been motivated to 
use brimonidine to reduce ocular redness with a reasonable expectation of 
success.25 PO Resp. 45–49; PO Sur-reply 13–16. Patent Owner argues that 
because α-2 agonists were understood to cause vasodilation, and because 
brimonidine is a highly selective α-2 agonist with very little α-1 effect, a 
POSA would not have been motivated to use brimonidine to reduce eye 
redness. Id. at 46. Moreover, even if a POSA were motivated to pursue a 
 
25 Patent Owner argues that because Petitioner relies on inherent 
anticipation, it cannot argue for obviousness that Gil “expressly teaches 
using brimonidine to reduce redness,” because “it is well-established, that 
which is inherent is unknown, and obviousness cannot be predicated on what 
is unknown.” PO Sur-reply 11 (citing In re Spormann, 363 F.2d 444, 448 
(CCPA 1966)). Spormann is inapposite. Unlike in Spormann, we do not 
rely on an inherent advantage as the reason to combine the prior art. See 363 
F.2d at 448 (stating “the inherency of an advantage and its obviousness are 
entirely different questions”). Because we find Gil teaches or suggests the 
use of brimonidine to reduce eye redness, we do not predicate obviousness 
on what is unknown. Id. 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
56 
selective α-2 agonist, the POSA would have looked to other selective α-2 
agonists that have a higher affinity for α-2 receptors than brimonidine. Id. 
(citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 80). Patent Owner argues that because brimonidine 
products were known to elicit redness and had high incidences of ocular 
allergic reactions, as seen by the FDA-approved labels for Alphagan and 
Alphagan P, a POSA would have been discouraged from considering low-
dose brimonidine as a redness reliever, particularly as an over-the-counter 
product. Id. at 48–50 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 134, 137). Patent Owner asserts 
that, if anything, the data suggests using a high concentration of brimonidine 
(e.g., 0.5% or 0.2%) to reduce redness, as lower concentrations would not be 
expected to have any redness-reducing effect. Id. at 50–51 (citing Ex. 2020 
¶¶ 79, 219–222). 
We are not persuaded by any of Patent Owner’s arguments. Patent 
Owner overlooks the express teaching of Norden that prophylactic 
brimonidine significantly reduces subconjunctival hemorrhage and 
hyperemia in LASIK patients. See Ex. 1006, 468 (“This study suggests that 
brimonidine administered before LASIK may significantly reduce 
subconjunctival hemorrhage and reduce the amount of hyperemia.”). We 
find Norden’s disclosure, coupled with Gil’s teaching that low-dose 
brimonidine “is effective in reducing such neurogenic responses” like 
“redness,” and in view of Federal Register’s disclosure that ocular 
vasoconstrictors are eye-redness-reducers and Dean’s disclosure that topical 
brimonidine is an ocular vasoconstrictor, is sufficient motivation for a POSA 
to pursue low-dose brimonidine in a method to reduce eye redness with a 
reasonable expectation of success. See Ex. 1004, 1:40–43, 5:38–40, 44–45; 
Ex. 1006, 468; Ex. 1007, 2:35–36; Ex. 1009, 7082; Ex. 1049 ¶¶ 91–92. 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
57 
Patent Owner also attacks Gil and Norden as unreliable references “at 
the very low end of the hierarchy of relevant evidence.” PO Resp. 54. 
Patent Owner argues that Gil only discloses prophetic examples and does not 
suggest a method of reducing redness because a patient who has ocular pain 
may or may not have eye redness. PO Resp. 53 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 234–
236). Although we agree that Gil does not inherently disclose using 
brimonidine to reduce redness, Gil expressly teaches the use of brimonidine 
“for treating ocular pain and neurogenic inflammation.” Ex. 1004, 1:11–13. 
Gil also expressly teaches that neurogenic inflammation is characterized by 
“vasodilation, edema, and increased vascular permeability.” Id. at 1:40–43. 
And, as Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Noecker, explains, “[r]ed eye, also 
known as ocular hyperemia, refers to a common ophthalmic condition 
caused by vasodilation.” Ex. 2020 ¶ 47 (emphasis added). Furthermore, Gil 
teaches that “[o]cular responses characteristic of neurogenic inflammation[ 
include] redness,” and “[b]rimonidine is effective in reducing such 
neurogenic responses.” Id. at 5:38–45. Thus, Gil teaches that brimonidine 
can be used to treat neurogenic inflammation, which is characterized by 
vasodilation, which causes eye redness. To read Gil as referring “at most, to 
brimonidine’s hypothesized ability to block nerve signals and relieve the 
perception of ocular pain,” as asserted by Patent Owner, turns a blind eye to 
the rest of the disclosure and what that would have suggested to a person of 
ordinary skill in the art. See PO Resp. 54 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 237). 
Patent Owner also criticizes the Norden study as having numerous 
flaws that cast doubt on the conclusion that brimonidine reduces hyperemia. 
Id. at 55–56. As support, Patent Owner cites a contemporaneous Üretman 
article by others in the field that allegedly questions the Norden study. Id. at 
55 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 175, 243; Ex. 2186). We disagree, however, with 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
58 
Patent Owner’s characterization of the article. In the letter to the editor, the 
author, Dr. Üretman acknowledged Norden’s finding that brimonidine 
administered before LASIK “may significantly reduce subconjunctival 
hemorrhage and reduce hyperemia.” Ex. 2186. Dr. Üretman then stated that 
they “agree that brimonidine can be considered a strong vasoconstrictor 
based on alpha-2-adrenergic agonist activity.” Id. That said, Dr. Üretman 
noted that because an allergic reaction occurred in 25.7% of patients, they 
test the sensitivity of patients to brimonidine before surgery. Id. Thus, 
contrary to Patent Owner’s assertion, Dr. Üretman did not call into question 
the accuracy of the Norden study; he simply offered a solution to the issue of 
brimonidine-related allergy. See id.; see also Ex. 1049 ¶ 88. We, therefore, 
find the combination of Gil and Norden provides sufficient motivation to a 
POSA to use brimonidine to reduce eye redness. 
Patent Owner also argues that a POSA would have had no reason to 
consider brimonidine at a concentration between 0.001% and about 0.025%, 
and the prior art taught away from doing so. PO Resp. 49–50. Patent 
Owner contends that at low concentrations, which minimize its already low 
α-1 effect, brimonidine would not have been expected to reduce eye redness. 
As support, Patent Owner again argues that clinical data for Alphagan and 
Alphagan P reveal a concentration-dependent relationship between 
brimonidine and redness reduction—conjunctival blanching was seen in 
50% of subjects with Alphagan 0.5%, in 3.5% of subjects with Alphagan 
0.2%, and in no subjects with either Alphagan P 0.15% or 0.1%. Id. at 50 
(citing Ex. 2012, 6; Ex. 1031, 109; Ex. 2104, 6). Thus, Patent Owner asserts 
that the data suggest that higher concentrations of brimonidine result in a 
higher incidence of redness reduction, and lower concentrations of 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
59 
brimonidine produce little or no redness reduction. Id. at 50 (citing Ex. 2020 
¶¶ 77–79, 135, 182, 219, 220); PO Sur-reply 16–19. 
Again, Patent Owner attempts to disregard the express teachings of 
Norden and Gil to assert that the art teaches away from using low-dose 
brimonidine. We are not persuaded that the Alphagan data rises to the level 
of teaching away. As Dr. Sher notes, the studies did not provide information 
about how redness was measured, what degree of blanching was needed to 
be listed as an “adverse event,” or when blanching was observed. Ex. 1049 
¶¶ 95–96 (citing Ex. 2012, 4, 9). Moreover, Patent Owner’s expert, 
Dr. Noecker, admitted that the “study design was . . . not to evaluate or do 
statistical analysis on redness.” Ex. 1053, 68:15–19. Thus, we credit the 
testimony of Dr. Sher, who opines that there is not enough information for a 
POSA to assess the concentration dependence or independence of 
brimonidine’s conjunctival blanching effects. Id. ¶¶ 95–97. Even 
considering the Alphagan data, however, Norden and Gil are still prior art 
for all that they teach. See In re Young, 927 F.2d 588, 591 (Fed. Cir. 1991) 
(“The test for obviousness is what the combined teachings of the references 
would have suggested to one of ordinary skill in the art. . . . Patents are part 
of the literature of the art and are relevant for all they contain.”). And, as 
explained above, we find that Norden and Gil teach the use of low-dose 
brimonidine to reduce eye redness. 
Regarding the limitation that the pH of the composition be between 
about 5.5 and about 6.5, it is undisputed that Alphagan 0.2% had a pH of 
6.3–6.5. Ex. 1008, 3. Patent Owner asserts, however, that the art teaches 
away from the claimed range. PO Resp. 51–53; PO Sur-reply 21–23. 
According to Patent Owner, a POSA would have recognized that it was 
preferable to formulate an ophthalmic product at around the physiological 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
60 
pH of about 7.4 to maximize penetration and avoid eye irritation. PO Resp. 
at 51–52 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 138, 251; Ex. 2021 ¶¶ 95–106). We are not 
persuaded that a preference for a physiological pH amounts to teaching away 
from the claimed range, particularly when the Specification does not indicate 
anything critical about the claimed pH range. Moreover, we credit the 
testimony of Dr. Laskar, who states that a POSA would have understood that 
buffers can be used to optimize the formulation to prevent discomfort, allow 
concentrations of other ophthalmic ingredients to be delivered at different 
pH ranges, and ensure acceptable stability of active drugs. See Ex. 1048 
¶¶ 23–25 (citing Ex. 1064, 1570–71 (“Ideally, ophthalmic preparations 
should be formulated at a pH equivalent to the tear fluid value of 7.4. 
Practically, this seldom is achieved. The large majority of active ingredients 
used in ophthalmology are salts of weak bases and are most stable at an acid 
pH.”)). 
Regarding claim 1, Patent Owner makes the same argument as it did 
for claim 3. PO Resp. 58. For the same reasons stated above, we are not 
persuaded that there was no motivation to use brimonidine at a concentration 
between “about 0.001% and about 0.05%” with a reasonable expectation of 
success. See supra (finding Gil suggests administering 0.03% brimonidine 
to reduce redness with a reasonable expectation of success). 
Regarding claims 5 and 6, Patent Owner asserts that “chronic red eye” 
is “a persistent and constant ocular disorder.” PO Resp. 58. According to 
Patent Owner, a POSA would understand that a patient with chronic red eye 
would need to repeatedly administer brimonidine over a prolonged period of 
time, which a POSA would have been deterred to do because of its well-
known adverse event profile that has limited brimonidine’s long-term use. 
Id. (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 265). We are not persuaded. Although treating 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
61 
“chronic red eye” may require long-term use, the claims do not require such 
long-term use. See Ex. 1001, 22:17–39. We also agree with Petitioner that 
“chronic red eye” includes seasonal allergies for which a POSA would 
expect brimonidine to reduce eye redness through vasoconstriction. See 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 175; Ex. 1049 ¶ 109; see also Ex. 1001, 2:15–17 (identifying 
individuals with “hyperemia from chronic conditions such as dry eye, 
contact lens wear, [and] allergic conjunctivitis”). Patent Owner does not 
dispute Petitioner’s expert’s testimony. We, therefore, find that a POSA 
would have found claims 5 and 6 obvious in light of the cited prior art. 
Finally, regarding claim 4, which further recites administering 
brimonidine “within about 24 hours after Lasik surgery on said patient,” 
Patent Owner asserts that no evidence of record teaches or suggests this 
limitation. PO Resp. 59 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 263). Patent Owner is incorrect. 
As Petitioner notes, Gil Example 1 teaches administering one drop of the 
medication “in the operated eye every four hours while awake for 14 
consecutive days.” Ex. 1004, 4:58–60. Because radial keratotomy and 
LASIK are both refractive surgeries, we credit the testimony of Petitioner’s 
expert, Dr. Sher, that a POSA reading Gil would have been motivated with a 
reasonable expectation of success to reduce eye redness by administering 
brimonidine within 24 hours after LASIK, as well. Ex. 1002 ¶ 171; Ex. 
1049 ¶ 108. 
Accordingly, having considered the arguments and evidence presented 
at trial, we find the combination of Gil, Norden, Dean, Alphagan, and 
Federal Register teaches or suggests each limitation of Claims 1–6. We now 
turn to our analysis of Patent Owner’s asserted evidence of objective 
evidence of nonobviousness. 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
62 
6. 
Objective Evidence of Nonobviousness 
“Objective indicia of nonobviousness can serve as an important check 
against hindsight bias and ‘must always when present be considered.’” 
Merck & Cie v. Gnosis S.P.A., 808 F.3d 829, 837 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Patent 
Owner offers evidence of unexpected results, industry praise, commercial 
success, licensing, and copying to support the nonobviousness of the claims. 
We consider Patent Owner’s evidence for each indicia below. 
a) 
Unexpected Results 
Patent Owner asserts that the claimed subject matter was 
unexpectedly superior in reducing redness compared to the closest prior art, 
Visine and other similar products that were market leaders for decades. 
PO Resp. 59–65 (citing Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 278–302). Alternatively, Patent Owner 
notes that if the closest prior art is 0.1% or 0.2% brimonidine, the same 
result stands—low-dose brimonidine unexpectedly reduced redness without 
the adverse side effects that plagued the Alphagan and Alphagan P products. 
Id. at 60 n.1. Patent Owner also notes brimonidine demonstrates multiple 
unexpected advantageous properties that prior art commercial 
vasoconstrictors did not possess, including its rapidity of onset and duration 
of action and the lack of rebound hyperemia or tachyphylaxis. Id. at 66 
(citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 304–306). 
Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner’s evidence of unexpected results 
is not probative of nonobviousness because it does not compare the claimed 
invention to the closest prior art, which Petitioner asserts is Gil. Pet. 
Reply 24. 
We agree with Petitioner. The Federal Circuit has held that “when 
unexpected results are used as evidence of nonobviousness, the results must 
be shown to be unexpected compared with the closest prior art.” Kao Corp. 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
63 
v. Unilever U.S., Inc., 441 F.3d 963, 970 (Fed. Cir. 2006). Contrary to 
Patent Owner’s assertion, we are not persuaded that the closest prior art is 
Visine and the prior commercial redness relievers, which do not contain 
brimonidine at all. See PO Resp. 59. The only similarity between the 
commercial redness relievers like Visine and the claimed invention is 
redness reduction. But just because Visine and similar commercial products 
have been “market leaders for decades” does not elevate those products to 
the level of closest prior art. See Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Teva Pharms. 
USA, Inc., 752 F.3d 967, 978 (Fed. Cir. 2014) (finding district court 
committed error by comparing claimed drug to another drug on the market 
instead of the closest prior art); see also Tr. of Columbia Univ. v. Illumina, 
Inc., 620 Fed. App’x 916, 932 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (“There is no requirement 
that the closest prior art be commercialized.”) (citing In re Merchant, 575 
F.2d 865 (CCPA 1978)). 
As explained above, Gil discloses the use of low-dose 0.03% 
brimonidine and that low-dose brimonidine is effective in reducing ocular 
responses characteristic of neurogenic inflammation, such as redness. 
Ex. 1004, 1:11–13, 40–43, 5:38–45. Patent Owner argues that Gil cannot 
legally constitute the closest prior art, because Petitioner relies on inherency 
to show redness reduction in Gil, and an alleged inherent limitation is 
unknown and therefore cannot rebut a claim of unexpected results. PO Sur-
reply 24 (citing Millennium Pharms., Inc. v. Sandoz Inc., 862 F.3d 1356, 
1368 (Fed. Cir. 2017)). The Millenium case, however, is inapposite. There, 
the Federal Circuit found the district court erred by ruling the patentee 
should have compared the unexpected results of the claimed compound to a 
compound that “was not specifically disclosed, prepared, or tested” in the 
prior art patent. Id. In contrast, here, Gil clearly teaches that 0.03% 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
64 
brimonidine is topically applied to patients’ eyes having an ocular condition, 
and suggests that it would be effective in reducing eye redness.26 See 
Ex. 1004, 1:11–13, 40–43, 5:38–45. 
To be probative of nonobviousness, Patent Owner’s evidence of 
unexpected results should have been compared to the closest prior art, which 
is Gil. Because Patent Owner did not make that comparison, we find its 
evidence of unexpected results compared to Visine and similar commercial 
products carries little weight. 
b) 
Industry Praise, Commercial Success, Licensing, and Copying 
Patent Owner also presents evidence of industry praise, commercial 
success, licensing, and copying. PO Resp. 67–70. Patent Owner asserts that 
Lumify—the commercial embodiment of the claimed invention—has 
garnered significant industry praise as the #1 eye doctor recommended 
redness relieving drop that has received multiple awards and recognitions 
since its launch. Id. at 67–69 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 312–313; Ex. 2023 ¶ 6). 
Patent Owner also asserts that Lumify’s commercial success, licensing of the 
’742 patent, and copying of the claimed invention are further evidence of 
nonobviousness. Id. at 69–70 (citing Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 22–26, Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 87–89, 
104–126). Specifically, Patent Owner claims that Lumify has “disrupted the 
redness reliever marketplace such that it is not only taking share from 
competitors but is likely also increasing sales and driving growth of the 
 
26 Patent Owner asserts—in a footnote—that even if 0.03% brimonidine 
were the closest prior art, the ’742 patent demonstrates the unexpected 
superiority of 0.025% over 0.03%, because “the former offer[s] redness 
reduction without rebound, and the later result[s] in rebound.” PO Sur-reply 
25 n.11. As explained above, however, we are not persuaded that the ’742 
patent supports this assertion. See supra Section II.B.3.c (noting Figure 2 
shows some rebound hyperemia at 0.025% brimonidine). 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
65 
entire redness reliever marketplace.” Id. at 69 (citing Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 87–79; 
Ex. 2023 ¶22–26). Patent Owner asserts that Dr. Reddy, Petitioner’s 
licensee, publicly valued the U.S. market for Lumify at approximately $130 
million for the 52-week period ending June 12, 2022, and that that success is 
“attributable to the patented invention.” Id. at 70 (citing Ex. 2085, 1). And 
Patent Owner argues that at least three generic companies have sought to 
copy Lumify, including Petitioner’s licensee, Dr. Reddy, who acknowledged 
the over $100 million market for the product. Id. (citing Ex. 2097, 1). 
Petitioner responds, stating Patent Owner’s evidence of secondary 
considerations is insufficient because Patent Owner fails to establish a nexus 
between its evidence and the claimed invention. Pet. Reply. 23. Petitioner 
notes that Patent Owner admits its evidence of unexpected results, industry 
praise, and commercial success “all turn on the use of ‘low-concentration 
brimonidine,’ which was known in the prior art.” Id. Petitioner also asserts 
that much of Patent Owner’s evidence of industry praise is “self-serving 
marketing and promotional material prepared by Patent Owner’s licensee, 
Bausch” and that the praise received by Lumify was a result of the 
“innovative and pervasive marketing of the product, not the product itself.” 
Id. at 24–25 (citing Ex. 1047 ¶¶ 18, 37, 38). According to Petitioner, Patent 
Owner’s evidence of commercial success “fails to account for the tens of 
millions of dollars Patent Owner and its licensee have spent marketing and 
promoting Lumify.” Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 1047 ¶ 33). 
We agree with Petitioner. “For objective indicia evidence to be 
accorded substantial weight, we require that a nexus must exist ‘between the 
evidence and the merits of the claimed invention.’” Novartis AG v. Torrent 
Pharms. Ltd., 853 F.3d 1316, 1330–31 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (quoting Wyers v. 
Master Lock Co., 616 F.3d 1231, 1246 (Fed. Cir. 2010)). If the patentee 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
66 
relies on the commercial embodiment of the claimed invention and that 
embodiment is the invention disclosed and claimed, a presumption of nexus 
exists. See Fox Factory, Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 
2019). That presumption is rebuttable and the evidence is not pertinent, 
however, “if the feature that creates the commercial success [or other 
secondary considerations] was known in the prior art.” See Ormco Corp. v. 
Align Tech., 463 F.3d 1299, 1312 (Fed. Cir. 2006). 
Here, Patent Owner repeatedly relies on the use of “low-concentration 
brimonidine” as the reason for Lumify’s success. Patent Owner claims 
“[Lumify’s] success is directly tied to . . . redness reduction using low-dose 
brimonidine.” PO Resp. 68. And Patent Owner contends that “the claimed 
use of low-concentration brimonidine has led to a cascade of real-world 
benefits for Lumify users,” which has resulted in industry praise and 
licensing of the product. Id. at 68–69; see also id. at 70 (asserting successful 
licensing is “attributable to the patented invention”). 
Despite Patent Owner’s assertions to the contrary, we agree with 
Petitioner that the use of low-dose brimonidine was known in the art. 
Namely, we find Gil discloses low-dose 0.03% brimonidine and teaches that 
low-dose brimonidine is effective in reducing ocular responses characteristic 
of neurogenic inflammation, such as vasodilation and redness. Ex. 1004, 
1:11–13, 40–43, 5:38–45. Thus, we find that Patent Owner’s evidence of 
industry praise, commercial success, licensing, and copying is not probative 
of nonobviousness (or at best carry little weight), as Lumify’s success was 
not the result of the novel features of the claim. See Ormco, 463 F.3d at 
1313 (finding patentee’s evidence did not show commercial success where 
allegedly novel features were taught by the prior art); see also Novartis AG 
v. Torrent Pharms. Ltd., 853 F.3d 1316, 1331 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (finding 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
67 
objective indicia evidence not probative of nonobviousness where prior art 
suggested the allegedly successful feature of the claimed invention). 
Moreover, we are not persuaded that the alleged success of Lumify 
(i.e., industry praise, commercial success, licensing, and copying) was due to 
the claimed invention alone. Although some aspects of Lumify’s success 
may be attributable to its use of brimonidine versus the selective alpha-1 and 
mixed alpha-1/alpha-2 agonists used in other available commercial redness 
relievers like Visine (see, e.g., Ex. 2020 ¶ 313), we agree with Petitioner that 
the evidence of success is also due to Bausch’s sales and marketing 
campaigns that are unrelated to the claimed invention. For example, we are 
persuaded that Bausch’s extensive social media campaigns and promotional 
efforts directly to eye care professionals contributed significantly to the 
success of Lumify. See Ex. 1047 ¶¶ 35–49. Thus, although Lumify may 
enjoy significant sales and market share, we find Patent Owner’s secondary 
evidence of nonobviousness was attributable “to other economic and 
commercial factors unrelated to the quality of the patented subject matter.” 
See In re DBC, 545 F.3d 1373, 1384 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (affirming Board’s 
finding that, despite substantial sales, evidence of commercial success was 
insufficient due, in part, to the “aggressive network marketing” of the 
patentee). 
We, therefore, conclude that Patent Owner’s evidence of secondary 
considerations does not outweigh the strong evidence of obviousness set 
forth above. Asyst Techs., Inc. v. Emtrak, Inc., 544 F.3d 1310, 1316 (Fed. 
Cir. 2008) (“[A]s we have often held, evidence of secondary considerations 
does not always overcome a strong prima facie showing of obviousness.”); 
see also Leapfrog Enters., Inc. v. Fisher-Price, Inc., 485 F.3d 1157, 1162 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
68 
(holding substantial evidence of commercial success, praise, and long-felt 
did not outweigh the strength of the prima facie obviousness showing). 
7. 
Conclusion on Obviousness of Claims 1–6 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 
1–6 are unpatentable as obvious over the combination of Gil, Norden, Dean, 
Alphagan, and Federal Register. 
 
III. 
PETITIONER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
The party moving to exclude evidence bears the burden of proving 
that it is entitled to the relief requested—namely, that the material sought to 
be excluded is inadmissible under the Federal Rules of Evidence (“FRE”). 
See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.20(c), 42.62(a). 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Exclude the entirety of Exhibits 2152–
2156 and portions of Exhibits 2023 and 1052, which relate to Patent 
Owner’s evidence of secondary considerations of nonobviousness.27 Paper 
57, 1. Although we considered Patent Owner’s evidence, we need not rely 
on any of that evidence in rendering this Decision. See supra Section II.D.6. 
Accordingly, we dismiss Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude as moot.28 
 
27 Although submitted by Petitioner, Exhibit 1052 is the transcript of the 
deposition of Patent Owner’s witnesss, John Jarosz. 
28 Petitioner requests that the Board not dismiss its motion as moot so that 
“Patent Owner cannot continue to rely upon the exhibits identified herein on 
appeal.” Paper 57, 1. We deny Petitioner’s request, as we decline to issue 
an advisory opinion on the admissibility of evidence that is not relied on in 
our Decision (even though we considered such evidence). We also note that 
Petitioner’s motion failed to “[i]dentify where in the record the evidence 
sought to be excluded was relied upon by” Patent Owner. See Consolidated 
Trial Practice Guide at 79, available at 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
69 
 
IV. 
CONCLUSION29 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has 
established by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–6 of the ’742 
patent are unpatentable as obvious. 
In summary: 
 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–6 of U.S. Patent No. 8,294,742 B2 are held 
unpatentable; 
 
https://www.uspto.gov/TrialPracticeGuideConsolidated. Petitioner’s motion 
could, therefore, have been denied for that reason, as well. 
29 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
 
Claim(s) 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2 
102(b) 
Gil 
 
1, 2 
1, 2 
102(b) 
Walters 
 
1, 2 
1–6 
103(a) 
Gil, Norden, Dean, 
Alphagan, and 
Federal Register 
1–6 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–6 
 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2022-00142 
Patent 8,293,742 B2 
70 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
the parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirement of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
PETITIONER: 
Linnea Cipriano 
Patrick Pollard 
Louis Weinstein 
WINDELS MARX LANE & MITTENDORF LLP 
lcipriano@goodwinlaw.com 
ppollard@windelsmarx.com 
lweinstein@windelsmarx.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Bryan Diner 
Justin Hasford 
Caitlin O’Connell 
Christina Ji-Hye Yang 
FINNEGAN, HENDERSON, FARABOW, GARRETT & DUNNER, LLP 
bryan.diner@finnegan.com 
justin.hasford@finnegan.com 
caitlin.o’connell@finnegan.com 
christina.yang@finnegan.com