--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 21 
571-272-7822 
Date: October 17, 2024 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
SHANGHAI HONGENE BIOTECH CORP., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
CHEMGENES CORP., 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
 
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, ZHENYU YANG, and CYNTHIA M. HARDMAN, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
YANG, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
Granting Petitioner’s Motion to Seal (Paper 19) 
37 C.F.R. §§ 42.14, 42.54 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Shanghai Hongene Biotech Corp. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition 
(Paper 1, “Pet.”) seeking inter partes review of claims 1 and 2 of U.S. Patent 
No. 8,541,569 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’569 patent”). ChemGenes Corp. (“Patent 
Owner”) did not file a Preliminary Response. We instituted trial to review 
the challenged claims. Paper 6. 
After institution, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 10, “PO 
Resp.”) and a Motion to Amend Claims (Paper 11, “MTA”). In the MTA, 
Patent Owner proposed to replace claims 1 and 2 with substitute claims 33 
and 34. MTA 1–2. Petitioner filed an Opposition to Patent Owner’s MTA 
(Paper 13) and a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 14, “Reply”). 
After we entered Preliminary Guidance on Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Amend (Paper 15), Patent Owner requested authorization to withdraw its 
MTA (Ex. 3003). We granted that request. Paper 17. Thereafter, Patent 
Owner filed a Sur-reply to Petitioner’s Reply (Paper 20, “Sur-reply”).1 
The Board has jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6 and issues this Final 
Written Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318 and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the 
reasons provided below, we find Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance 
of the evidence, the unpatentability of claims 1 and 2. 
A. 
Related Matters 
According to the parties, Patent Owner asserted the ’569 patent 
against Petitioner in Case No. 1-22-cv-10290 (D. Mass.) but later voluntarily 
dismissed the district court action. Pet. vi; Paper 4, 2. 
 
1 Paper 20 is a redacted version of the Sur-reply. Patent Owner originally 
filed the Sur-reply under seal. See Paper 18. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
3 
Petitioner also filed IPR2023-00490 and IPR2023-00875, challenging 
two other patents asserted in the district court action. Paper 4, 2. In 
IPR2023-00490, we determined that claims 1–5 of U.S. Patent 9,884,885 
were unpatentable. IPR2023-00490, Paper 35. In a concurrently entered 
decision, we determine that claims 1 and 2 of U.S. Patent 8,309,707 are 
unpatentable. IPR2023-00862, Paper 21. 
B. 
The ’569 Patent 
The ’569 patent “provides building blocks and methods for 
synthesizing very pure RNA in a form that can efficiently be modified at 
the 3´ end.” Ex. 1001, Abstract. 
The ’569 patent explains that, at the time of its alleged invention, 
defined sequence RNA synthesis in the 3´→5´ direction was well 
established. Id. at 1:20–50. If the synthesized RNA requires a modification 
or labeling of the 3´-end, however, the 3´→5´ synthesis methodology is 
“challenging, difficult to synthesize and generally result[s] in low coupling 
efficiency and lower purity of the final oligonucleotide.” Id. at 1:51–57. 
According to the ’569 patent, “new synthetic methodologies are needed to 
synthesize RNA molecules quickly, and cleanly and in a form that allows for 
modification at the 3´ end.” Id. at 1:58–60. 
The ’569 patent discloses reverse RNA monomer phosphoramidites 
for RNA synthesis in 5´→3´ direction, which leads to “very clean oligo 
synthesis that allows for the introduction of various modifications at 
the 3´ end cleanly and efficiently.” Id. at 1:66–2:3. 
C. 
Illustrative Claim 
Claim 1 is illustrative of the claimed subject matter. We reproduce 
below only those parts relevant to our present analysis. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
4 
1. A compound of Formula Ia or Ib: 
 
or a salt thereof, wherein: 
J is H . . .; 
. . . 
R4 is a -halo . . .; 
. . . 
R6 is —H or —O—Z; 
. . . 
Bn is hydrogen or an optionally substituted nucleobase 
optionally functionalized at each exocyclic amine with an 
amine protecting group, wherein the nucleobase is selected 
from: . . . thymine, . . . 5-methylcytosine. . . 
. . . . 
Ex. 1001, 111:22–114:33. 
D. 
Instituted Challenges to Patentability 
We instituted trial to determine whether the challenged claims are 
unpatentable based on the following grounds: 
Claim Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
102(b) 
Aerschot2 
 
2 Aerschot et. al., 3´-Fluoro-2´,3´-dideoxy-5-chlorouridine: Most Selective 
Anti-HIV1 Agent among a Series of New 2´- and 3´-Fluorinated 
2´,3´-Dideoxynucleoside Analogues, 32 J. MED. CHEM. 1742–49 (1989) 
(Ex. 1004, “Aerschot”). 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
5 
Claim Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
2 
102(b) 
Aerschot 
Petitioner relies on the declaration of Phil S. Baran, Ph.D., as support 
for its Petition. Ex. 1003. Patent Owner relies on the Declaration of Patrick 
J. Hrdlicka, Ph.D., to support the Patent Owner Response. Ex. 2001. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. 
Principles of Law 
To prevail in this inter partes review, Petitioner “shall have the 
burden of proving a proposition of unpatentability by a preponderance of the 
evidence.” 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). 
To show anticipation under 35 U.S.C. § 102, each and every claim 
element, arranged as in the claim, must be disclosed in a single piece of prior 
art. Net MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2008). For 
a claim directed to a genus, if a prior art reference discloses a species falling 
within the claimed genus, the species anticipates the genus. In re Slayter, 
276 F.2d 408, 411 (CCPA 1960); see also Fresenius USA, Inc. v. Baxter 
Int’l, Inc., 582 F.3d 1288, 1298 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (stating that when a claim 
element is written in Markush form, “the entire element is disclosed by the 
prior art if one alternative in the Markush group is in the prior art”). 
We analyze the instituted grounds of unpatentability in accordance 
with these principles. 
B. 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, we construe a claim term “using the same 
claim construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a 
civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020). 
Under that standard, the words of a claim “are generally given their ordinary 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
6 
and customary meaning,” which is “the meaning that the term would have to 
a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the invention, 
i.e., as of the effective filing date of the patent application.” Phillips v. AWH 
Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 
Claim terms need only be construed to the extent necessary to resolve 
the controversy. Wellman, Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 
(Fed. Cir. 2011). On this record and for purposes of this Decision, we see no 
need to address the construction of any claim term. 
C. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner contends that, as of the earliest possible priority date of 
the ’569 patent, 
a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) would have had a 
Ph.D. (or equivalent degree) in organic or medicinal chemistry, 
and 2-3 years of post-graduate work experience in medicinal 
chemistry, synthetic organic chemistry, and nucleic acid 
chemistry, including the development of oligonucleotide 
therapeutics, diagnostics, or building blocks. 
Pet. 12 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 18–21). 
Alternatively, Petitioner proposes that an individual holding a 
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in organic chemistry or medicinal chemistry, 
“who had at least three years of work experience in these fields, and who 
had gained a thorough understanding of the development of nucleic acid-
based materials, would also have qualified as a POSA.” Id. 
Patent Owner argues that a POSA would have had a Ph.D. (or 
equivalent degree) in organic chemistry, who, either during his or her Ph.D. 
studies, focused on, or has at least two to three years of post-graduate work 
experience in, “the development and syntheses of nucleosides, nucleotides, 
and nucleic acids, including, but not limited to, the syntheses of 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
7 
oligonucleotides through solid phase oligonucleotide synthesis (‘SPOS’) 
pursuant to P(III) chemistry.” PO Resp. 20–21. Alternatively, Patent Owner 
proposes that someone with a lesser degree but more (at least five years) 
extensive work experience in these fields would also have qualified as a 
POSA. Id. at 21. 
The parties’ proposed definitions of the level of ordinary skill, 
although different facially, are similar substantively. For example, both 
parties argue that a POSA would have high levels of skill, with advanced 
degrees and/or extensive work experience in organic chemistry.3 See Pet. 12; 
PO Resp. 20–21. In addition, Petitioner contends that a POSA would have 
had experience in the development of oligonucleotide building blocks. 
Pet. 16. Similarly, Patent Owner asserts that a POSA would have had 
education and/or experience in “the development and syntheses of 
nucleosides, nucleotides, and nucleic acids.” PO Resp. 20–21. 
After considering the parties’ arguments and the prior art, we 
determine that a POSA would have had a Ph.D. (or equivalent degree) in 
organic chemistry or medicinal chemistry, with at least two to three years of 
post-graduate work experience in the development and syntheses of 
nucleosides, nucleotides, and nucleic acids, including, but not limited to, the 
syntheses of oligonucleotides through solid phase oligonucleotide synthesis. 
In addition, an individual with a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree and at least 
five years of work experience in these fields also would qualify as a POSA. 
 
3 Although Patent Owner proposes deleting “medicinal” chemistry from 
Petitioner’s definition, it states that “would not exclude medicinal or other 
chemists so long as the chemist in question met the [other] requirements.” 
PO Resp. 21 (citing Ex. 2001 ¶ 65). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
8 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Baran, does not 
have significant background in P(III) chemistry. Id. at 18–19; 
Sur-reply 12–13. According to Patent Owner, Dr. Baran published only 
about a dozen papers that relate to oligonucleotide synthesis, and the focus 
of those papers appears to be on P(V) chemistry, which is fundamentally 
different from P(III) chemistry. PO Resp. 18–19; Sur-reply 12–13. Although 
it does not challenge Dr. Baran’s qualification to provide opinion in this 
proceeding, Patent Owner asserts that “Dr. Baran’s lack of experience in 
P(III) synthesis[] should be strongly considered” in our evaluation of the 
weight of Dr. Baran’s testimony. Sur-reply 13. 
Patent Owner’s argument that Dr. Baran is principally experienced in 
P(V) chemistry presupposes that experience indicates an ignorance of P(III) 
chemistry. We do not find this position consistent with the breadth of 
Dr. Baran’s experience as indicated by his Curriculum Vitae. See Ex. 1003, 
47–102. We weigh the testimonies of both Dr. Baran and Dr. Hrdlicka, 
against the cumulative weight of the evidence of record in assessing their 
credibility and probative value. 
D. 
Disclosure of Aerschot 
Aerschot discloses the synthesis of a series of 2´- and 3´-fluorinated 
2´,3´-dideoxynucleosides and 3´-azido-2´,3´-dideoxynucleosides. 
Ex. 1004, 1743. Specifically, it discloses compounds 12a and 15a as follows: 
 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
9 
The figure above shows the chemical structures of compounds 12 and 
15. Id. at 1744. Aerschot explains that compound 12a is 1-(2-Fluoro-2,3-
dideoxy-(β-D-threo-pentofuranosyl)thymine and 15a is 1-(2-Fluoro-2,3-
dideoxy-(β-D-threo-pentofuranosyl)-5-methylcytidine. Id. at 1745, 1747. 
E. 
Alleged Anticipation of Claim 1 
Petitioner asserts that Aerschot anticipates claim 1. Pet. 12–26. After 
reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as explained below, we 
determine that Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that Aerschot anticipates claim 1. 
Claim 1 is directed to a genus of compounds having Formula Ia or Ib. 
It recites groups J, R4, R6, Bn, each as a Markush group. Petitioner argues 
that “[o]ne compound that falls within the scope of Claim 1 is Formula Ia in 
which J is H (hydrogen), R4 is the -halo atom fluorine, R6 is —H (hydrogen), 
and Bn is thymine (‘T’).” Pet. 16 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 81–83, 85). This 
thymine compound, according to Petitioner, has four different potential 
stereoisomeric configurations. Id. at 17–18 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 86–87). One 
configuration, Isomer A, has both fluorine and thymine “up,” as relative to 
the plane of the ring structure. Id. 
Petitioner asserts that Aerschot discloses Isomer A of claim 1 as 
compound 12a. Id. at 19 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 88–92). Petitioner provides the 
following comparison: 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
10 
 
The figure above shows Petitioner’s depiction of the side-by-side 
comparison of Aerschot compound 12a with Isomer A of claim 1. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 87–88; Ex. 1004, 1744). Petitioner argues that these compounds 
are identical. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 87–92; Ex. 1004, 1745, 1747). 
Petitioner asserts that “[a]nother species of claim 1 is the compound 
of Formula Ia wherein J is H, R4 is the -halo fluorine, R6 is —H, and 
Bn is 5-methylcytosine.” Id. at 22 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 106). 
This 5-methylcytosine compound, according to Petitioner, also has four 
different potential stereoisomeric configurations.4 Id. at 22–23 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 107). One configuration, Isomer A1, has both fluorine 
and 5-methylcytosine “up,” as relative to the plane of the ring structure. Id. 
Petitioner asserts that Aerschot discloses Isomer A1 of claim 1 as 
compound 15a. Id. at 23 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 108; Ex. 1004, 1744). Petitioner 
provides the following comparison: 
 
4 Petitioner argues, and Patent Owner does not dispute, that the only 
difference between the 5-methylcytosine compound and the thymine 
compound is the Bn group: in the former, it is 5-methylcytosine, whereas in 
the latter, it is thymine. Pet. 22 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 106 n.3). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
11 
 
The figure above shows Petitioner’s depiction of the side-by-side 
comparison of Aerschot compound 15a with Isomer A1 of claim 1. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 107–108). Petitioner argues that these compounds are 
chemically identical.5 Id. 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s anticipation challenge of 
claim 1. See PO Resp. 24–25; Sur-reply 14. Instead, Patent Owner contends 
that the challenge to claim 1 is moot subject to the MTA. PO Resp. 24–25. 
But Patent Owner has withdrawn its MTA. Ex. 3003. As we stated, the MTA 
and related papers “have no further effect” upon the course of this 
proceeding. Paper 17, 2–3. 
After reviewing the record, we find Petitioner’s analysis persuasive 
and adopt it as our own. See Pet. 12–26. Thus, we determine Petitioner 
demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that Aerschot, because of 
its disclosures of compounds 12a and 15a, anticipates claim 1. 
 
5 Aerschot identifies compound 15a as 1-(2-Fluoro-2,3-dideoxy-(β-D-threo-
pentofuranosyl)-5-methylcytidine. Ex. 1004, 1747. Petitioner contends, and 
Patent Owner does not dispute, that “5-methylcytidine (as used in Aerschot) 
and 5-methylcytosine (as used in claim 1 in the list of possible nucleobases 
that could satisfy the Bn limitation) are merely two different names for the 
same nucleobase.” Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 111). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
12 
F. 
Alleged Anticipation of Claim 2 
Petitioner asserts that Aerschot anticipates claim 2. Pet. 26–30. After 
reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as explained below, we 
determine that Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that Aerschot anticipates claim 2. 
Relevant to this case, claim 2, like claim 1, is directed to a compound 
of Formula Ia or Ib, and recites J is H, R4 is the -halo fluorine, R6 is—H, and 
“Bn is hydrogen or an optionally substituted nucleobase optionally 
functionalized at each exocyclic amine with an amine protecting group.” 
Ex. 1001, 114:35–117:52. Claim 2 specifies that the claimed compound “is 
not represented by” certain recited structural formulas. 
Petitioner contends that the genus of claim 2 encompasses the same 
thymine compound and the same 5-methylcytosine compound as discussed 
in claim 1. Pet. 29 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 126–131). According to Petitioner, 
neither compound is excluded from the scope of claim 2 by the proviso at 
the end of claim 2. Id. at 29 n.3 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 130). Petitioner asserts 
that, “[f]or the reasons discussed above for Claim 1, Aerschot discloses, 
enables, and anticipates each of those two species of Claim 2.” Id. at 29 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 132). 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s anticipation challenge of 
claim 2. See PO Resp. 25–26; Sur-reply 14. Instead, Patent Owner contends 
that the challenge to claim 2 is moot subject to the MTA. PO Resp. 25–26. 
But Patent Owner has withdrawn its MTA. Ex. 3003. As we stated, the MTA 
and related papers “have no further effect” upon the course of this 
proceeding. Paper 17, 2–3. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
13 
After reviewing the record, we find Petitioner’s analysis persuasive 
and adopt it as our own. See Pet. 26–30. Thus, we determine Petitioner 
demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that Aerschot, because of 
its disclosures of compounds 12a and 15a, anticipates claim 2. 
III. 
MOTION TO SEAL 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Seal. Paper 19 (“Motion” or “Mot.”). With 
the Motion, Petitioner filed a Protective Order that deviates from the Board’s 
default protective order. Mot. 6; Exs. 1025 (clean copy), 1029 (showing 
marked-up comparison). According to Petitioner, Patent Owner does not 
oppose the entry of the proposed protective order. Mot. 6. The Protective 
Order (Ex. 1025) is hereby entered. It governs the conduct of the proceeding 
unless otherwise modified. 
There is a strong public policy for making all information filed in an 
inter partes review open to the public, especially because the proceeding 
determines the patentability of claims in an issued patent and, therefore, 
affects the rights of the public. Generally, all papers filed in an inter partes 
review shall be made available to the public. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(a)(1); 
37 C.F.R. § 42.14. Our rules, however, “aim to strike a balance between the 
public’s interest in maintaining a complete and understandable file history 
and the parties’ interest in protecting truly sensitive information.” Patent 
Trial and Appeal Board Consolidated Trial Practice Guide 19 
(November 2019) (“TPG”).6 Thus, a party may move to seal certain 
information (37 C.F.R. § 42.14); but only “confidential information” is 
protected from disclosure (35 U.S.C. § 326(a)(7)). Confidential information 
 
6 Available at https://www.uspto.gov/TrialPracticeGuideConsolidated. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
14 
means trade secret or other confidential research, development, or 
commercial information. 37 C.F.R. § 42.2. 
The standard for granting a motion to seal is “for good cause.” 
37 C.F.R. § 42.54(a). The party moving to seal bears the burden of proof and 
must explain why the information sought to be sealed constitutes 
confidential information. Id. § 42.20(c). 
Petitioner seeks to seal portions of the Sur-Reply as well as 
Exhibits 2048 and 2049.7 Mot. 2. According to Petitioner, these files contain 
its confidential information. Id. at 2–4. Petitioner proposes redacting the files 
and summarizes the nature of the proposed redaction. Id. at 5–6. Patent 
Owner has since filed the redacted version of the Sur-Reply as well as 
Exhibits 2048 and 2049. 
Upon review of Petitioner’s Motion and the proposed redactions, we 
are persuaded that good cause exists to seal portions of the Sur-Reply as well 
as Exhibits 2048 and 2049. 
Petitioner also filed its Opposition to Patent Owner’s MTA 
(Paper 13), its Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 14), and its Motion 
to Seal (Paper 19), as well as Exhibits 1005–1026 as “Board and Parties 
Only” with no corresponding motion to seal. If Petitioner wishes for any of 
these Papers and Exhibits to remain sealed, Petitioner should file a motion to 
seal and explain in detail what good cause supports granting the motion. In 
the absence of such a motion, at the expiration of ten business days from the 
 
7 Patent Owner originally also filed Exhibits 2046 and 2047 under seal. 
Petitioner states that those documents “can be made publicly available.” 
Mot. 2. Patent Owner has since filed Exhibits 2046 and 2047 as public 
documents. Thus, we will expunge Exhibits 2046 and 2047 originally filed 
under seal. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
15 
date of this Decision, the entirety of Petitioner’s Opposition to Patent 
Owner’s MTA (Paper 13), Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 14), 
and Motion to Seal (Paper 19), as well as Exhibits 1005–1026 will be made 
available to the public. 
IV. 
CONCLUSION8 
After reviewing the entire record and weighing evidence offered by 
both parties, we determine that Petitioner has met its burden to show, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that Aerschot anticipates claims 1 and 2. 
In summary: 
 
 
 
 
8 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. 
Reg. 16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue 
application or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we 
remind Patent Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any 
such related matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. 
§§ 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
References 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1 
102 
Aerschot 
1 
 
2 
102 
Aerschot 
2 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1, 2 
 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
16 
V. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 1 and 2 of the ’569 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Seal is granted; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner may, within five business days 
of this Decision, file an appropriate motion to seal as instructed in this 
Decision; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Jeremy Edwards 
Raymond Chan 
Xiaofan Yang 
Jack Shaw 
PROCOPIO, CORY, HARGREAVES & SAVITCH, LLP 
jeremy.edwards@procopio.com 
raymond.chan@procopio.com 
frank.yang@procopio.com 
jack.shaw@procopio.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Daniel Shores 
Joseph Hynds 
Aydin Harston 
Melissa Santos 
ROTHWELL, FIGG, ERNST & MANBECK, P.C. 
dshores@rfem.com 
jhynds@rfem.com 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00862 
Patent 8,541,569 B2 
 
17 
aharston@rfem.com 
msantos@rfem.com