--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 40 
571-272-7822 
Date: January 16, 2026 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
ILLUMINA INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
MOLECULAR LOOP INNOVATIONS LLC,1 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
 
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
 
 
Before ANNETTE R. REIMERS, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and 
ZHENYU YANG, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
PER CURIAM. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 
 
1 After institution, Patent Owner changed its name from Molecular Loop 
Biosciences, Inc. to Molecular Loop Innovations LLC. See Paper 11, 1. We 
modify the caption accordingly. 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Illumina, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 1, “Pet.”) seeking 
inter partes review of claims 1–6 of U.S. Patent No. 11,768,200 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’200 patent”). We instituted trial to review the challenged 
claims. Paper 7 (“DI”). 
Thereafter, Molecular Loop Innovations LLC (“Patent Owner”) filed 
a Response to the Petition (Paper 18, “PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to 
Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 25, “Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a 
Sur-reply to Petitioner’s Reply (Paper 33, “Sur-reply”). 
An oral hearing for this proceeding was held on September 23, 2025, 
and the transcript of that hearing is of record. See Paper 39 (“Tr.”). 
The Board has jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6 and issues this Final 
Written Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318 and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the 
reasons provided below, we find Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance 
of the evidence, the unpatentability of claims 1–6. 
 
Related Matters 
According to the parties, the ’200 patent is involved in the following 
cases: Molecular Loop Biosciences, Inc. v. Illumina, Inc., No. 1:24-cv-00680 
(D. Del.) and Illumina, Inc. et al. v. Molecular Loop Biosciences, Inc., 
No. 1:24-cv-11501 (D. Mass.). Pet. 70; Paper 3, 1. Patent Owner later 
informed us that this case before the District Court of Massachusetts is no 
longer pending. Paper 11, 1. 
Petitioner filed IPR2024-00964, challenging the claims of U.S. Patent 
No. 11,041,852, a patent in the same family as the ’200 patent. Pet. 70. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
3 
 
The ’200 Patent 
The ’200 patent relates generally to “methods for maintaining the 
integrity and identification of a nucleic acid template in a multiplex 
sequencing reaction.” Ex. 1001, Abstract. The methods include the steps of 
“obtaining a template nucleic acid, incorporating a pair of sequence 
identifiers into the template, and sequencing the template.” Id. 
The ’200 patent states that “[n]ext generation sequencing [“NGS”] 
typically involves the generation of an in vitro library; arraying of nucleic 
acid templates into physically distinct locations on a solid support (and 
optional clonal amplification of the templates into spatially localized 
clusters); and the sequencing-by-synthesis reaction itself.” Id. at 1:43–48. 
According to the ’200 patent, maintaining accurate sample 
identification during a multiplex sequencing reaction is an issue because 
“the sample preparation phase frequently introduces errors into the 
subsequent sequencing reaction.” Id. at 1:37–39. “For example, template 
molecules may physically overlap on a substrate; and in some cases result in 
a detectable erroneous signal.” Id. at 1:39–41; see also id. at 1:52–54 (stating 
that errors can be introduced from “improper pairing of template strands 
from different samples,” which can “form during the amplification of the 
multiplexed samples”). Because these errors have a significant effect on the 
results, the ’200 patent states that “methods for reducing or eliminating 
errors in such procedures are needed.” Id. at 1:60–62. 
The ’200 patent explains the undesired introduction of sequencing 
errors when using a single barcode identifier. See id. at 4:17–63, Fig. 1 
(showing “one example of how molecular overlap can lead to apparent high 
quality, but incorrect sequence data”). The ’200 patent describes a method 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
4 
that uses “two or more identifiers that are uniquely associated with an 
analyte of interest, such that the identifiers will only be present when the 
analyte of interest is detected.” Id. at 2:5–8. According to the ’200 patent, 
“[i]n this way, false positive and/or false negative results are avoided by 
requiring concomitant detection of two or more independent markers 
associated with the analyte to be detected.” Id. at 2:8–11. 
 The ’200 patent states that, using two or more nucleic acid barcodes 
as identifiers, its method is especially useful in multiplex NGS. Id. 
at 2:12–18. The ’200 patent explains that 
in sequencing applications, a pair of barcodes are placed such 
that they flank the sequence of interest. The identifiers are 
unique to the sample, so that valid sequence data are confirmed 
by the presence of the pair of flanking identifiers. In contrast, 
template containing only one identifier or an incorrect pair (i.e., 
a pair or more of identifiers not associated with the same 
template) will be excluded from analysis. Thus, methods of the 
invention make it possible to determine whether the integrity of 
a sample was maintained during a multiplex sequencing 
reaction, and prevent the assigning of sequence data to the 
wrong sample. 
Id. at 2:18–29; see also id. at Fig. 2, 4:64–6:6 (describing Figure 2 as 
“depicting how methods of the invention allow one to detect, during 
analysis, whether the integrity of a patient’s sample was maintained during a 
multiplex sequencing reaction”). 
 
The ’200 patent states that its invention “is especially useful in 
multiplex next-generation sequencing applications in which errors can have 
a significant impact on results.” Id. at 2:12–14. 
 
Illustrative Claim 
Of the challenged claims, only claim 1 is independent. Claim 1 is 
illustrative of the claimed subject matter and is reproduced below. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
5 
1. A method for validating the sequence of a nucleic acid 
analyte of interest in a multiplex sequencing reaction, the 
method comprising: 
i) detecting the presence of two or more identifier sequences 
that are uniquely associated with the nucleic acid analyte of 
interest, 
wherein at least a first identifier sequence is incorporated into a 
5′ portion of the nucleic acid analyte of interest and wherein 
at least a second identifier sequence is incorporated into a 3′ 
portion of the nucleic acid analyte of interest, and 
wherein the first and second identifier sequences have four or 
more nucleotides and are different; 
ii) sequencing the first identifier sequence, the nucleic acid 
analyte of interest and the second identifier sequence; and 
iii) validating the sequence of the nucleic acid analyte of 
interest by analyzing both identifiers and excluding the 
sequences of those nucleic acid analytes of interest 
containing only one identifier or an incorrect pair of 
identifiers from sequence analysis of the multiplex 
sequencing reaction. 
Ex. 1001, 21:2–22:6. 
 
Instituted Challenges to Patentability 
We instituted trial to determine whether the challenged claims are 
unpatentable based on the following bases: 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
6 
Claims Challenged 35 U.S.C. §2 
References 
1–6 
102 
Gloor3 
1–6 
102 
Parameswaran4 
1–6 
103 
Parameswaran, Gloor 
1–6 
103 
Parameswaran, Binladen5 
6 
103 
Parameswaran, Binladen, Bentley6 
In support of their respective positions, Petitioner relies on the 
Declarations of Gregory B. Gloor, Ph.D. (Exs. 1002, 1046) and Paul T. 
Spellman, Ph.D. (Exs. 1003, 1054); and Patent Owner relies on the 
Declaration of Viktor Adalsteinsson, Ph.D. (Ex. 2001). 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 
125 Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective 
March 16, 2013. On its face, the ’200 patent claims priority to a provisional 
application filed on December 23, 2010. Ex. 1001, code 60. For purposes of 
this proceeding, the parties apply this date as the effective priority date. See 
Pet. 17; PO Resp. 8. We do the same. Accordingly, we apply the pre-AIA 
version of §§ 102 and 103. 
3 G.B. Gloor, et al., Microbiome profiling by Illumina sequencing of 
combinatorial sequence-tagged PCR products, Cornell University Library, 
arXiv:1007.5075v1 (2010) (Ex. 1005, “Gloor”). 
4 P. Parameswaran, et al., A pyrosequencing-tailored nucleotide barcode 
design unveils opportunities for large-scale sample multiplexing, 35 
NUCLEIC ACIDS RSCH, 19(e130) (2007) (Ex. 1004, “Parameswaran”). 
5 J. Binladen, et al., The use of coded PCR primers enables high-throughput 
sequencing of multiple homolog amplification products by 454 parallel 
sequencing, 2 PLOS ONE 2:e197 (2007) (Ex. 1029, “Binladen”). 
6 D.R. Bentley, et al., Accurate whole human genome sequencing using 
reversible terminator chemistry, 456 NATURE 6, 53–59 (2008) (Ex. 1006, 
“Bentley”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
7 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
 
Principles of Law 
To prevail in this inter partes review, Petitioner “shall have the 
burden of proving a proposition of unpatentability by a preponderance of the 
evidence.” 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). 
Anticipation is a question of fact. In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 
1334–35 (Fed. Cir. 2009). Whether a reference anticipates a claim is 
assessed from the perspective of an ordinarily skilled artisan. See Dayco 
Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 329 F.3d 1358, 1368 (Fed. 
Cir. 2003). To show anticipation, each and every claim element, arranged as 
in the claim, must be disclosed in a single piece of prior art. Net MoneyIN, 
Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2008). For a claim directed to 
a genus, if a prior art reference discloses a species falling within the claimed 
genus, the species anticipates the genus. In re Slayter, 276 F.2d 408, 411 
(CCPA 1960). 
A claim is unpatentable for obviousness if “the differences between 
the subject matter sought to be patented and the prior art are such that the 
subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the invention 
was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject 
matter pertains.” 35 U.S.C. § 103 (pre-AIA); see also KSR Int’l Co. v. 
Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is 
resolved on the basis of underlying factual determinations, including (1) the 
scope and content of the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed 
subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and 
(4) when in evidence, objective evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. 
John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
8 
An invention is not obvious just because all of the elements that 
comprise the invention were known in the prior art. KSR, 550 U.S. at 418 
(“[A] patent composed of several elements is not proved obvious merely by 
demonstrating that each of its elements was, independently, known in the 
prior art.”). Rather, “it can be important to identify a reason that would have 
prompted a person of ordinary skill in the relevant field to combine the 
elements in the way the claimed new invention does.” Id. Thus, a party that 
petitions the Board for a determination of unpatentability based on 
obviousness must show that “a skilled artisan would have been motivated to 
combine the teachings of the prior art references to achieve the claimed 
invention, and that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so.” In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 
829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (citations omitted). 
In an obviousness determination, the presence or absence of a 
motivation to combine references, the presence or absence of a reasonable 
expectation of success, as well as what a reference teaches and whether it 
teaches toward or away from the claimed invention, are all questions of fact. 
Par Pharm., Inc. v. TWI Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d 1186, 1196–97 (Fed. Cir. 
2014). 
We analyze the instituted grounds of unpatentability in accordance 
with these principles. 
 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, various factors 
may be considered, including the “type of problems encountered in the art; 
prior art solutions to those problems; rapidity with which innovations are 
made; sophistication of the technology; and educational level of active 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
9 
workers in the field.” In re GPAC, Inc., 57 F.3d 1573, 1579 (Fed. Cir. 1995). 
Furthermore, the prior art itself can reflect the appropriate level of ordinary 
skill in the art. Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001). 
Petitioner asserts that a person of skill in the art (“POSA”) “would 
have had (i) a Ph.D. in molecular biology, genetics, bioinformatics, or a 
related field and at least two years of experience in high-throughput 
sequencing technologies or (ii) a Master’s degree in one of the same fields 
with at least four years of experience in high-throughput sequencing 
technologies.” Pet. 18 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 19–20). 
Patent Owner states that it adopts Petitioner’s proposal for a POSA for 
purposes of this proceeding. PO Resp. 13 (citing Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 20–23). 
After reviewing the record, we adopt Petitioner’s proposed definition 
of the skill level as it is consistent with the prior art’s demonstration of the 
level of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. We find both 
Dr. Spellman and Dr. Adalsteinsson are qualified to opine from the 
perspective of a POSA, because each has at least ordinary skill in the art. 
See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 4–15; Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 4–9. 
 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, we construe a claim term “using the same 
claim construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a 
civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020). 
Under that standard, the words of a claim “are generally given their ordinary 
and customary meaning,” which is “the meaning that the term would have to 
a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the invention, 
i.e., as of the effective filing date of the patent application.” Phillips v. AWH 
Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
10 
Claim 1 recites “detecting the presence of two or more identifier 
sequences that are uniquely associated with the nucleic acid analyte of 
interest.” The parties disagree over the construction of this limitation. 
Reply 2–3; Sur-reply 1–6. They emphasize different aspects of the 
limitation: for Petitioner, “two or more identifier sequences that are 
uniquely associated with the nucleic acid analyte of interest;” whereas for 
Patent Owner, “identifier sequences [] are uniquely associated with the 
nucleic acid analyte of interest.” Reply 2; Sur-reply 3. 
We acknowledge the ambiguous nature of the disputed claim 
language. On its face, it could require two or more identifier sequences 
together be uniquely associated with the nucleic acid of interest, as 
Petitioner argues; or it could require two or more identifier sequences, each 
individual identifier sequence must be uniquely associated with the nucleic 
acid of interest, as Patent Owner asserts. See Reply 2–3; Sur-reply 1–6. We, 
therefore, must examine the words of the claim and the specification to 
ascertain the scope of this limitation. 
The specification states that “[w]hile the pair of barcodes associated 
with any given template is unique, individual barcode sequences can be 
used with multiple templates as long as no pair is used across two different 
samples.” Ex. 1001, 2:50–53 (emphasis added). Elsewhere, it states that 
[t]he first and second identifiers are designed such that each set 
of identifiers is correlated to a particular sample (e.g., material 
obtained from a particular patient or group of patients), 
allowing samples to be distinguished and/or validated. The first 
and second identifiers may be the same or different, so long as 
the combination is unique with respect to the sample or sub-
sample that one seeks to distinguish and/or validate. 
Id. at 3:15–22 (emphases added). We agree with Petitioner that the 
specification supports its proposed construction. See Reply 2. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
11 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner’s justifications for its claim 
construction are not compelling.” Sur-reply 3. According to Patent Owner, 
the language of the specification Petitioner relies on does not reflect the 
claimed configuration, which requires the identifier sequences be uniquely 
associated with the nucleic acid of interest. Id. Essentially, Patent Owner is 
arguing that the specification that does not support its claim construction 
should not be considered. We reject such circulation reasoning. 
Patent Owner contends that claim 1 requires that “incorrect pairs of 
identifier sequences also be excluded.” Sur-reply 4. According to Patent 
Owner, “[u]nder Petitioner’s construction, the claimed method would fail to 
validate sequences because the ‘validated’ samples would include 
incorrectly identified samples that the claimed methods are aimed to 
eliminate.” Id. at 2; see also PO Resp. 14 (“One would not be able to discern 
whether pairs of identifiers were ‘incorrect’ if identifier sequences were used 
across different nucleic acids of interest.”). We are not persuaded by this 
argument. 
In claim 1, the sequence of the nucleic acid of interest is validated by 
“analyzing both identifiers and excluding the sequences of those nucleic acid 
analytes of interest containing only one identifier or an incorrect pair of 
identifiers from sequence analysis of the multiplex sequencing reaction.” In 
its common usage, the term “or” designates alternatives. Patent Owner has 
not pointed to persuasive evidence to show that it acted as its own 
lexicographer and clearly defined the term to embrace “and.” See Vitronics 
Corp. v. Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1582 (Fed. Cir. 1996) (“[A] 
patentee may choose to be his own lexicographer and use terms in a manner 
other than their ordinary meaning, as long as the special definition of the 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
12 
term is clearly stated in the patent specification or file history.”). Thus, under 
claim 1, validating the sequence of the nucleic acid of interest encompasses 
excluding sequences containing either only one identifier, or an incorrect 
pair of identifiers. 
Patent Owner relies on Sierra Wireless, ULC v. Sisvel, S.P.A., 
130 F. 4th 1019 (Fed. Cir. 2025) for the proposition that “two limitations are 
not mutually exclusive where ‘the premise describing the claim language’ 
does not support such a conclusion.” Sur-reply 4. We are not persuaded by 
this argument. 
The claim-at-issue in Sierra is directed to a method of performing an 
automatic repeat request in a wireless communication system, comprising, 
among other steps, 
[c] stopping the timer when the at least one data block is 
received from the transmitter while the timer is running, in 
order to prevent a triggering of a status report before the timer 
expires; and 
[d] transmitting the status report to the transmitter after the 
timer expires, wherein the status report comprises a positive 
acknowledgement indicating receipt of at least one received 
data block. 
Id. at 1021–22 (emphasis added). 
In an inter partes review proceeding, the Board held limitations 1[c] 
and 1[d] are mutually exclusive. Id. at 1022. The Federal Circuit determined 
“[t]hat conclusion does not follow from the premise describing the claim 
language.” Id. Pointing to the claim language “stopping the timer ... and 
transmitting the status report after the timer expires,” the court explained 
that “the plain and unambiguous language of claim 1 requires that a method, 
to come within the claim, must perform both limitations 1[c] and 1[d] where 
their preconditions apply.” Id. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
13 
The fact in our case is diametrically opposed to that of Sierra. Here, 
the plain and unambiguous language of claim 1 “only one identifier or an 
incorrect pair of identifiers” dictates that the validating step encompasses 
excluding either type of sequences. 
In sum, in view of the claim language and the specification, we agree 
with Petitioner that “two or more identifier sequences that are uniquely 
associated with the nucleic acid analyte of interest” means two or more 
sequences together are uniquely associated with the nucleic acid analyte of 
interest, and does not require each identifier sequence be uniquely associated 
with the nucleic acid analyte of interest. See Reply 2. 
Claim 5 recites “homopolymer region.” The ’200 patent specification 
provides an express definition for the term, stating that “the barcode 
sequences can be designed to have minimal or no homopolymer regions, i.e., 
2 or more of the same base in a row such as AA or CCC, within the barcode 
sequence.” Ex. 1001, 9:6–10. Thus, we agree with Patent Owner that the 
term “homopolymer region” should be construed as “two or more of the 
same base in a row.” See PO Resp. 13 (citing Ex. 2001 ¶ 24). 
Claim terms need only be construed to the extent necessary to resolve 
the controversy. Wellman, Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 
(Fed. Cir. 2011). On this record and for purposes of this Decision, we see no 
need to expressly construe any other claim term. 
 
Alleged Anticipation by Gloor 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–6 are anticipated by Gloor. Pet. 25–34. 
After reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as explained below, 
we determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
Gloor anticipates claims 1–6. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
14 
1. 
Gloor’s Prior Art Status 
Relying on the Declaration of Dr. Gloor, the first named author, 
Petitioner contends that Gloor was published on July 29, 2010, and thus, “is 
prior art under at least pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. §102(a).” Pet. 11 (citing 
Ex. 1002). Dr. Gloor testifies that he submitted Gloor to arXiv.org on 
July 28, 2010, and received an email from arXiv.org confirming the public 
availability of Gloor as of July 29, 2010. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 16, 17 (citing 
Ex. 1002, Exhibit E). According to Dr. Gloor, “[r]ecently, arXiv Technical 
Support confirmed in an email to [him] that Gloor’s release ‘would have 
been announced on Thursday, July 29, 2010.’” Id. ¶ 17 (citing Ex. 1002, 
Exhibit F). Dr. Gloor also testifies that he presented a poster at a conference 
held between August 31 and September 2, 2010, and the poster “provides a 
complete citation to” the Gloor reference. Id. ¶ 18 (citing Ex. 1002, 
Exhibit H). 
In its Preliminary Response, Patent Owner argued that Petitioner has 
failed to show a reasonable likelihood that Gloor was publicly accessible as 
of December 23, 2010, the alleged priority date of the ’852 patent. 
Paper 6, 17–21. In our decision to institute, we found that, for purposes of 
institution, Petitioner has met its burden to show a reasonable likelihood that 
Gloor was publicly accessible before the priority date of the ’200 patent. 
DI 10. We, however, cautioned Petitioner that to prevail in this inter partes 
review, it must meet the preponderance of the evidence standard. 
Id. (citing 35 U.S.C. § 316(e)). 
After institution, Petitioner filed a Motion for Authorization to 
Compel Testimony and/or Documents. Paper 12. In the motion, Petitioner 
explained that, before even filing the Petition, it sought, albeit 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
15 
unsuccessfully, an affidavit from arXiv staff regarding Gloor’s publication 
date. Id. at 1 (citing Ex. 1039). After institution, Petitioner again sought such 
an affidavit. Id. at 2 (citing Ex. 1042). According to Petitioner, another arXiv 
employee confirmed Gloor’s public availability as of July 29, 2010, “but 
reiterated that arXiv would not provide an affidavit.” Id. (citing Ex. 1043). 
Petitioner sought leave “to apply for a subpoena compelling testimony and 
documents from arXiv about Gloor’s public availability and arXiv’s regular 
practices of making references publicly available.” Id. at 3. 
We denied that motion, explaining that the requested information may 
be available through other means, such as “testimony regarding the internet 
archive service known as the Wayback Machine (https://web.archive.org/)” 
or the email arXiv.org sent to subscribers on July 29, 2010, announcing the 
publication of Gloor. Paper 16, 5–6. 
During trial, Patent Owner continues to argue that “[b]ecause 
Petitioner’s evidence fails to show that Gloor was publicly accessible, 
Petitioner fails to show that Gloor qualifies as prior art printed publication.” 
PO Resp. 17. After considering all the evidence and arguments presented by 
both parties on this issue, and as explained below, we find Petitioner has 
shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that Gloor qualifies as prior art. 
A reference is considered publicly accessible if it is “made available 
to the extent that persons interested and ordinarily skilled in the subject 
matter or art, exercising reasonable diligence, can locate it.” Jazz Pharms., 
Inc. v. Amneal Pharms., LLC, 895 F.3d 1347, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2018). To 
“determine whether an interested researcher would have been sufficiently 
capable of finding the reference and examining its contents,” we “must 
consider all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the disclosure.” 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
16 
In re Lister, 583 F.3d 1307, 1312 (Fed. Cir. 2009); see also In re 
Klopfenstein, 380 F.3d 1345, 1350 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (explaining that a 
determination of whether a reference qualifies as a printed publication 
“involves a case-by-case inquiry into the facts and circumstances 
surrounding the reference’s disclosure to members of the public”). 
Patent Owner argues that 
Petitioner fails to show that Gloor was publicly accessible 
before December 23, 2010 for three reasons. First, the scant 
evidence Petitioner relies upon to show public accessibility—a 
declaration and exhibits submitted by Dr. Gloor (EX1002), one 
of the authors of the Gloor reference—shows at best that Gloor 
may have been submitted to arXiv.org by July 28, 2010, but 
does not show that Gloor was actually disseminated or 
accessible to the public on July 29, 2010. Second, Petitioner 
does not point to any evidence to support Dr. Gloor’s 
proclaimed speculative belief that Gloor was accessible on 
arXiv.org or by any other means at any point in 2010. Third, 
there is no reliable evidence regarding arXiv.org’s policies or 
business practices at the time Gloor was allegedly submitted 
that could make up for the deficient direct evidence regarding 
Gloor’s alleged accessibility on arXiv.org. 
PO Resp. 17. We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument. 
Exhibit E to the Gloor declaration shows that the Gloor reference was 
assigned an arXiv identifier as of July 29, 2010. Ex. 1002, Exhibit E. 
It provides a hyperlink to the abstract and states that the abstract would 
appear in that day’s mailing. Id. In Exhibit F to the Gloor declaration, 
the arXiv Technical Support states that the submission with the same 
hyperlink “would have been announced on Thursday, July 29, 2010.” 
Ex. 1002, Exhibit F. 
Patent Owner argues that Exhibit E is an email Dr. Gloor received, 
and thus, “shows only that Dr. Gloor might have been able to access the 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
17 
paper.” PO Resp. 18. Exhibit H to the Gloor declaration is a poster presented 
by Dr. Gloor at the Human Microbiome Research Conference, held between 
August 31 and September 2, 2010. Ex. 1002 ¶ 18, Exhibits G, H. Dr. Gloor 
testifies that the poster “describ[es] the findings reported in Gloor.” Id. ¶ 18. 
He also testifies that he discussed Exhibit H with other attendees of the 
conference. Id. 
Patent Owner contends that “Dr. Gloor’s alleged recollection that he 
presented findings from his paper to attendees of the Human Microbiome 
Research Conference in August and September 2010 does not demonstrate 
that the Gloor reference was publicly accessible before December 23, 
2010.” PO Resp. 19–20. Patent Owner argues that the “mere presentation of 
slides accompanying an oral presentation at a professional conference is not 
per se a ‘printed publication’ for the purposes of § 102(b).” Id. at 20 (citing 
Klopfenstein, 380 F.3d at 1349). 
As we understand it, however, Petitioner does not present Exhibit H 
as a printed publication. Nor does it rely on the substantive teachings of 
Exhibit H. Instead, Petitioner points to the “References section” of 
Exhibit H, which provides a complete citation to the Gloor reference, to 
support its position that Gloor was publicly available before December 2010. 
See Reply 28 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 18, Exhibits G, H). We find this evidence 
persuasive as supporting the public availability of Gloor. 
Petitioner also presents evidence showing that Gloor was discussed on 
mothur.org. Ex. 1052. Mothur is a software platform that “provide[s] a 
flexible and powerful software package for analyzing sequencing data.” 
Ex. 1053, 1. It includes a discussion forum that “allows users to ask 
questions that anyone can answer.” Id. at 2. Exhibit 1052 shows that, in 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
18 
October 2010, in a string of discussions of “paired-end reads pipeline 
(Illumina),” a user wrote that 
there is another paper where they developed their own pipeline 
to analyze paired end[]. It was published in PLoS ONE in 
august 2010 vol 5 by R Hummelen One of the authors was 
Gregory Gloor (I believe he developed the code) and he is in 
the process of publishing a methodology paper on analyzing 
paired ends. 
You can find the paper at http //arxiv.org/abs/1007.5075. 
Ex. 1052, 1. We find this evidence also persuasive to show the public 
availability of the Gloor reference before December 2010. 
The record includes other evidence that supports Petitioner’s assertion 
that Gloor was publicly available. For example, additional communications 
with arXiv support Gloor was made public on July 29, 2010. See Ex. 1039, 5 
(email from “arXiv Technical Support,” stating “[t]he paper was made 
public on arxiv.org at 8PM Eastern on 7/29/2010”); Ex. 1043 (email from 
“arXiv Head of Content & User Support,” stating “[f]or the paper 
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.1007.5075 it was posted on 30 July 2010 
shortly after midnight UTC (8PM ET)”); Ex. 1050 (email from “arXiv 
Technical Support,” stating “2010-07-30 sometime after midnight or 1AM 
UTC has been confirmed by our database records”). 
Petitioner also presents “[a]rchived arXiv.org webpages from June 
and September 2010 (i.e., flanking Gloor’s July 2010 submission and 
publication dates)” to show arXiv.org’s routine practice of publishing 
articles was within 1-2 business days of submission. Reply 26 (citing 
Ex. 1046 ¶¶ 1–6; Ex. 1049); Exs. 1047, 1048. 
Considering the record evidence as a whole, and heeding the Federal 
Circuit’s instruction “not to overstate the required degree of certainty” when 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
19 
evaluating public availability, we find Petitioner has shown, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that Gloor was publicly accessible before 
December 2010, and thus, qualifies as prior art. See CQV Co. v. Merck Pat. 
GmbH, 130 F.4th 1344, 1350 (Fed. Cir. 2025). 
2. 
Gloor’s Disclosure 
Gloor is titled “Microbiome profiling by Illumina sequencing of 
combinatorial sequence-tagged PCR products.” Ex. 1005, 1. Gloor describes 
“a low-cost, high-throughput microbiome profiling method that uses 
combinatorial sequence tags attached to PCR primers that amplify the rRNA 
V6 region.” Id.; see also id at 2 (reporting “the methods used to perform 
microbiome analysis of the V6 region of 272 clinical samples using the 
Illumina sequencing technology”). Gloor describes sequencing amplified 
PCR products “using an Illumina paired-end protocol to generate millions of 
overlapping reads.” Id. at 1. According to Gloor, “[c]ombinatorial sequence 
tagging can be used to examine hundreds of samples with far fewer primers 
than is required when sequence tags are incorporated at only a single end.” 
Id. 
Gloor added primers and sequence tags to nucleic acids prior to 
sequencing. Id. at 3–6. Gloor “var[ied] the length of the sequence tags 
between 3 and 6 nucleotides long” and “chose sequence tags to ensure all 4 
nucleotides were represented in each of the first four positions of the primers 
using parameters similar to those in the barcrawl program.” Id. at 5. Gloor 
describes developing custom programs “to identify the overlapping 
segments of the forward and reverse reads” and to extract “overlapping reads 
with proper primer sequences and correct sequence tags.” Id. at 7. Gloor 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
20 
inspected sequences with “incorrect sequence tags” to determine the sources 
of the errors. Id. at 7–8. 
3. 
Analysis of Anticipation 
Petitioner argues that Gloor discloses each limitation of claims 1–6. 
Pet. 25–34. Patent Owner contends that Gloor does not disclose all 
limitations of claim 1. PO Resp. 13–15. Patent Owner also asserts that Gloor 
does not disclose the additional limitation of claim 5. Id. at 15–16. We find 
Petitioner’s argument persuasive. 
a. Claim 1 
Petitioner argues that Gloor sequenced nucleic acid analytes of 
interest derived from 272 clinical samples that had been amplified using 
“combinatorial sequence tags attached to PCR primers.” Pet. 25 (citing 
Ex. 1005, Abstract). Each nucleic acid analyte of interest was attached to a 
pair of sequence tags (i.e. the “identifier sequences” used in claim 1). Id. 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 136; Ex. 1005, 7, Fig. 2). According to Petitioner, Gloor’s 
combinatorial pairs of sequence tags were unique because “nucleic acid 
analytes of interest from each sample had their own pairs of identifier 
sequences, and no two samples shared the same pair.” Id. (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 136; Ex. 1005, Abstract, 2, 6, 7); id. at 27 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 141; 
Ex. 1005, Abstract, 2, 6). 
Petitioner refers to Gloor’s Figure 2, where the sequence tags were 
attached to the ends of the nucleic acid analyte of interest. Id. at 28 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 144; Ex. 1005, 2, 5–7, Fig. 2). Petitioner refers to Gloor’s 
Table 2 to show the disclosure of sequence tags with “four or more 
nucleotides and are different.” Id. at 29 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 145, 146; 
Ex. 1005, 6, Table 2). 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
21 
Petitioner points out that Gloor sequenced the amplified nucleic acid 
analytes and used sequences with “two valid sequence tags and both primer 
sequences” in “the remainder of the analysis.” Id. at 25–26 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 138; Ex. 1005, 7); id. at 27 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 142; Ex. 1005, 7, Fig. 2); id. 
at 30 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 148, 149; Ex. 1005, 7, Fig. 2). According to 
Petitioner, Gloor used the pairs of sequence tags to validate the sequences of 
the nucleic acid analytes. Id. at 25–26 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 137–139; 
Ex. 1005, 6–8, 22–23); id. at 31–32 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 150, 151; Ex. 1005, 
1, 7–8, 22–23). 
Patent Owner argues that Gloor does not disclose “two or more 
identifier sequences that are uniquely associated with the nucleic acid 
analyte of interest.” PO Resp. 13–15 (citing Ex. 1001, 2:5–8, 22:2–6; 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 26; Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 83–85). Patent Owner’s argument relies entirely 
on its proposed claimed construction. Id. at 14 (arguing that “any identifier 
sequence can be used with only one template nucleic acid of interest” and 
that “[o]nce an identifier sequence has been used with one nucleic acid 
analyte of interest, it cannot be used with another—otherwise it would no 
longer be ‘uniquely’ associated with the nucleic acid of interest”). 
As explained above, we reject Patent Owner’s proposed claimed 
construction. See supra Section II.C. Instead, we construe “two or more 
identifier sequences that are uniquely associated with the nucleic acid 
analyte of interest” means two or more sequences together are uniquely 
associated with the nucleic acid analyte of interest, and does not require each 
identifier sequence be uniquely associated with the nucleic acid analyte of 
interest. Id. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
22 
Under our construction, Gloor discloses the disputed limitation. Gloor 
“used paired-end sequencing in combination with unique sequence tags.” 
Ex. 1005, 2 (stating it was able to “use a small number of primers to 
uniquely tag a large number of samples”). Thus, we agree with Petitioner 
that in Gloor, “the nucleic acid analytes from each sample contained a pair 
of two identifier sequences that was not shared by any other sample, i.e., the 
pair was ‘unique’ to that sample.” Pet. 27. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that Gloor discloses the remaining 
limitations of claim 1. See PO Resp. 13–15. We find Petitioner’s mapping of 
the remaining limitations of claim 1 to Gloor persuasive and adopt it as our 
own. Thus, we determine Gloor anticipates claim 1. 
b. Claim 5 
Claim 5 recites “t[he] barcode sequences are designed to have no 
homopolymer regions.” 
Pointing to Gloor’s Table 2, Petitioner asserts that the barcode 
sequences shown there include no consecutively repeated nucleotides, and 
thus, have no homopolymer regions. Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 158, 159; 
Ex. 1005, 6 (Table 2). 
Patent Owner contends that “Gloor’s incidental lack of homopolymer 
regions in its chosen sequence tags does not show any teaching that ‘t[he] 
barcode sequences are designed to have no homopolymer regions.’” PO 
Resp. 16 (citing Ex. Ex. 2001 ¶ 88); see also id. at 15 (“Gloor’s discussion 
of its sequence tag design contains no discussion of homopolymer 
regions.”). 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument. Claim 5’s 
additional limitation is a negative limitation. “[A] reference need not state a 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
23 
feature’s absence in order to disclose a negative limitation.” AC Techs. S.A. 
v. Amazon.com, Inc., 912 F.3d 1358, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2019); see also 
Sud-Chemie, Inc. v. Multisorb Techs., Inc., 554 F.3d 1001, 1004–05 (Fed. 
Cir. 2009) (affirming finding that reference disclosed “uncoated” film where 
it did not describe the film as coated and did not suggest the necessity of 
coatings). 
We also are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s emphasis on the term 
“designed.” The disclosed barcode sequences with no homopolymer regions 
do not exist in nature, and thus, are designed. 
In sum, we find Petitioner has shown Gloor discloses the additional 
limitation of claim 5, and thus, anticipates claim 5. 
c. Other Claims 
Petitioner argues that Gloor discloses each limitation of claims 2–4 
and 6. Pet. 32–34. Patent Owner does not dispute these assertions. See 
generally PO Resp. We find Petitioner’s mapping of the limitations to Gloor 
persuasive, and adopt it as our own. Thus, we determine Gloor anticipates 
claims 2–4 and 6. 
 
Alleged Anticipation by Parameswaran 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–6 are anticipated by Parameswaran. 
Pet. 34–43. After reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as 
explained below, we determine Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance 
of the evidence that Parameswaran anticipates claims 1–6. 
1. 
Parameswaran’s Disclosure 
Parasmeswaran is titled “A pyrosequencing-tailored nucleotide 
barcode design unveils opportunities for large-scale sample multiplexing.” 
Ex. 1004, 1. Parameswaran uses 454/Roche Genome Sequencers for 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
24 
sequencing. Id. The technology of these pyrosequencers is based on the 
detection of pyrophosphates released during DNA synthesis. Id. 
Parameswaran describes “a high-information-content barcoding 
approach in which each sample is associated with two uniquely 
designed, 10-nucleotide barcodes.” Id. at 2. According to Parameswaran, 
“[t]he presence of these assigned barcodes allow[s] for independent samples 
to be pooled together for sequencing, with subsequent bioinformatic 
segregation of the pyrosequencer output.” Id. In addition to barcodes, 
Parameswaran incorporated forward and reverse cloning linkers into nucleic 
acids. Id. at 2–3. 
Figure 1 of Parameswaran, reproduced below, depicts the design of 
forward and reverse primers. Id. at 3. 
 
Id. at 3. Parameswaran’s Figure 1, above, shows that a forward primer 
comprises the Roche-specific forward adapter (“F-adapter”), the forward 
barcode (“F-Barcode”), and the forward cloning linker 
(“F-Cloning-Linker”). Id. It also shows that a reverse primer comprises the 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
25 
Roche-specific reverse adapter (“R-adapter”), the reverse barcode 
(“R-Barcode”), and the reverse cloning linker (“R-Cloning-Linker”). Id. 
Parameswaran describes expanding the 10-nucleotide barcodes to 
“barcode motifs,” which included three additional nucleotides from linkers 
adjoining the barcodes, to maximize the uniqueness of dual-indexing and 
facilitate definitive sample assignments. Id. at 7. Parameswaran’s study 
aimed to determine “how much of the (fixed) linker sequence will be 
required in addition to the (variable) barcode for definitive sample 
assignment.” Id. at 7–8. Ultimately, “a search motif of 13 nt was determined 
to be ideal for our studies in minimizing false-discovery rate.” Id. 
Parameswaran reports that using 13-nt barcode motifs, approximately 
94% of sequences were identified to have “perfect forward and reverse 
barcode motifs.” Id. at 7. Parameswaran subdivided the sequences having a 
perfect match to only one of the expected barcode motifs into three classes. 
Id. One of the three classes includes those having “perfect identity to an 
unexpected motif, resulting in an unassigned 5′–3′ motif combination 
(perfect, unexpected occurrence).” Id. Parameswaran reports that “[t]he 
false-discovery rate, defined by the percentage of ‘perfect and unexpected’ 
occurrences, was observed to decrease to <0.005%.” Id. at 8. 
Parameswaran speculates that its pyrosequencer-tailored barcodes 
may also be compatible with other sequencing platforms. Id. at 2, 8. 
Parameswaran specifies that Illumina’s platform is one of three major high-
throughput sequencing platforms. Id. at 1. 
2. 
Analysis of Anticipation 
Petitioner argues that Parameswaran discloses each limitation of 
claims 1–6. Pet. 34–34. Patent Owner contends that Parameswaran does not 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
26 
disclose all limitations of claim 1. PO Resp. 23–25. As explained below, 
although we agree with Petitioner that Parameswaran discloses steps i) 
and ii) of claim 1, we are persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that 
Parameswaran does not disclose step iii), the validating step. 
Petitioner argues that Parameswaran used Roche 454 multiplex 
sequencing to sequence “DNA from two independent sets of 25 barcoded 
libraries” prepared from multiple samples. Pet. 34 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 163; 
Ex. 1004, 7). Two “uniquely designed, 10-nucleotide barcodes” and 
nucleotide linkers were attached to the ends of the nucleic acids from each 
sample. Id. at 35–39 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 163, 168–174; Ex. 1004, 2, 3, 7, 8, 
14–17). 
Petitioner points out that, after sequencing, Parameswaran evaluated 
the sequences using barcode motifs. Id. at 35, 39–40 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 163, 
175, 176; Ex. 1004, 3, 7–8). In Parameswaran, about 94% of the sequences 
had perfect forward and reverse barcode motifs, while about 5–6% had 
either only a single identifier sequence or a pair of mismatched identifier 
sequences. Id. at 35, 40 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 164, 165, 176, 177; Ex. 1004, 
7–8). 
Petitioner emphasizes that Parameswaran uses terms such as 
“false-discov[ies]” and “misassignment” to describe the erroneous 
sequences. Id. at 35–36, 40 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 165, 166, 177; Ex. 1004, 
7–8). Parameswaran explains that various errors may have produced the 
misassignments. Id. at 36, 40 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 166, 177; Ex. 1004, 7–8). 
According to Petitioner, 
Parameswaran characterizes sequences with mismatched 
barcodes as “false-discover[ies]” arising due to various errors 
that result in “misassignment” of sequences to incorrect 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
27 
samples. EX1004, 7-8; EX1003, ¶¶178-179. And 
Parameswaran expressly links sequencing accuracy with the 
presence of both barcode motifs, stating that “any sequence 
with both 5’ and 3’ barcode motifs will be placed with 
reasonable accuracy into the correct bin.” EX1004, 8; EX1003, 
¶179. Thus, Parameswaran discloses that lowering the 
misassignment rate allows sequences to be assigned to correct 
samples more accurately. EX1004, 8.; EX1003, ¶179. 
Parameswaran therefore discloses “validating the sequence of 
the nucleic acid analyte of interest by analyzing both identifiers 
and excluding the sequences of those nucleic acid analytes of 
interest containing only one identifier or an incorrect pair of 
identifiers from sequence analysis of the multiplex sequencing 
reaction.” EX1003, ¶180. 
Id. at 41. We disagree with Petitioner’s conclusion. 
Parameswaran states that “[t]he low false-discovery rate for perfect 
matches strengthens the argument that any sequence with both 5′ and 3′ 
barcode motifs will be placed with reasonable accuracy into the correct bin.” 
Ex. 1004, 8. But, because Parameswaran achieved a “remarkably low 
misassignment rate,” it did not exclude, but included any sequence with a 
matched barcode. Id. 
Indeed, Parameswaran explains that “[f]or our purposes, all sequences 
with a match to one of the two expected sequence motifs were considered as 
true members of the corresponding dataset.” Id. In its Reply, Petitioner 
contends that Parameswaran refers to sequences with “expected sequence 
motifs,” and not “perfect, unexpected occurrences.” Reply 6 (citing 
Ex. 1004, 7, 8; Ex. 1054 ¶¶ 26, 27; Ex. 1055, 52:15–53:5). We are not 
persuaded by this argument. 
Parameswaran included “all sequences with a match to one of the two 
expected sequence motifs.” Ex. 1004, 8 (emphasis added). In other words, 
sequences with one expected sequence motif and another unexpected 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
28 
sequence motif were included. Indeed, Parameswaran explicitly states that 
only “sequences [that] had no perfect matches to any of the sequence motifs 
(forward or reverse) . . . were discarded.” Id. 
Pointing to Parameswaran’s supplementary table, Petitioner also 
argues that sequences with mismatched barcode motifs were greyed out, 
“signifying that they were excluded.” Reply 6–7 (citing Ex. 1004, 23, 29; 
Ex. 1054 ¶¶ 28–34). We are not persuaded by this argument either. 
Dr. Spellman testified that, in the supplementary table, the discarded 
sequences correspond to the four blank cells in the bottom right of the table, 
not to the greyed-out cells. Ex. 2015, 102:3–104:19. Neither Dr. Spellman 
nor Petitioner explains why the grayed boxes they highlight were not simply 
left blank if those sequences were actually discarded, like the four boxes in 
the data table corresponding to sequences Parameswaran actually states were 
discarded. 
In sum, despite labelling sequences with “mismatched 5′ and 3′ motifs 
(i.e. sequences that do not have corresponding 5′ and 3′ motifs)” as 
“false-discover[ies]” with “misassignment[s],” Parameswaran included, and 
did not exclude, the sequences with perfect, but unexpected barcode motifs. 
Ex. 1004, 8. Thus, Parameswaran does not disclose the validating step of 
claim 1. As a result, Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Parameswaran anticipates claim 1. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
29 
Each of claims 2–6 depends from claim 1. Thus, Petitioner has not 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that Parameswaran anticipates 
claims 2–6.7 
 
Alleged Obviousness over Parameswaran and Gloor 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–6 would have been obvious over the 
combination of Parameswaran and Gloor. Pet. 43–56. Petitioner argues that 
each reference teaches every limitation of the challenged claims. Id. 
at 43–48, 54–56 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 191, 193–201). Petitioner also asserts 
that “[a] POSA would have been motivated to combine these references, 
with a reasonable expectation of success, because both use dual barcoding 
strategies for multiplex sequencing; both are directed to reducing sequencing 
error; and both emphasize the compatibility of dual indexing for Roche 454 
and Illumina sequencing to reduce sequencing error.” Id. at 43–44 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 192); id. at 48–53 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 202–215). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to show a motivation to 
combine and fails to show a reasonable expectation of success. PO 
Resp. 27–46 (citing Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 58–60, 65–75, 101–141). Patent Owner also 
contends that the combined teachings of Parameswaran and Gloor do not 
disclose the additional limitation of claim 5. Id. at 46–47 (citing Ex. 2001 
¶¶ 86–88, 92–96, 142). 
As explained above, we determine Gloor discloses each limitation of 
claims 1–6, and thus, anticipate these claims. See supra Section II.D.3. 
 
7 Patent Owner also asserts that Parameswaran does not disclose the 
additional limitations of claims 5 and 6. PO Resp. 25–27. Because we 
determine that Petitioner has not shown Parameswaran discloses all the 
limitations of claim 1, we do not need to address these arguments. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
30 
Because “anticipation is the epitome of obviousness,” we conclude that the 
combination of Parameswaran and Gloor renders claims 1–6 obvious. See 
Realtime Data, LLC v. Iancu, 912 F.3d 1368, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) 
(affirming the Board’s obviousness determination based on an anticipatory 
prior art alone and stating because the Board did not rely on the other 
reference “for the disclosure of a particular element or teaching, the Board 
had no obligation to find a motivation to combine”). 
 
 Alleged Obviousness over Parameswaran and Binladen 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–6 would have been obvious over the 
combination of Parameswaran and Binladen. Pet. 56–66. After reviewing the 
entire record developed at trial, and as explained below, we determine 
Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that the combined 
teaching of Parameswaran and Binladen renders claims 1–4 obvious. We 
determine Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that 
the combined teaching of Parameswaran and Binladen renders claims 5 or 6 
obvious. 
1. 
Binladen’s Disclosure 
Binladen used “conventional PCR with 5′-nucleotide tagged primers 
to generate homologous DNA amplification products from multiple 
specimens, followed by sequencing through the high-throughput Genome 
Sequence 20TM DNA Sequencing System (GS20, Roche/454 Life 
Sciences).” Ex. 1029, 1. “Each DNA sequence is subsequently traced back 
to its individual source through 5′ tag-analysis.” Id. Binladen states that its 
approach “enables the assignment of virtually all the generated DNA 
sequences to the correct source once sequencing anomalies are accounted for 
(miss-assignment rate<0.4%).” Id. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
31 
In Binladen, “initial PCR primers are 5′-tagged with short nucleotide 
sequences (tags) in such a way that a unique tagged primer combination can 
be applied to each specific DNA template source.” Id. at 2. Binladen used 
both dinucleotide tags and tetranucleotide tags. Id. at 3, Table 1. 
Binladen used DNA from thirteen species as PCR template. Id. at 3. 
Binladen explains that “under the [then-]current status of the sequencing 
technology, GS20 sequencing reads are limited to approximately 120 bases, 
thus in this experiment the full sequence (133–141 bp including primer, 
species dependent) was not returned.” Id. According to Binladen, “[t]he 
implication of this is that approximately 50% of each PCR product will be 
sequenced from the orientation of the forward primer, and 50% from the 
orientation of the reverse primer. Hence, this made it necessary to label both 
the forward and reverse end of each PCR product.” Id. 
Binladen states that because “the correct association of tags and 
sequences is crucial to the approach,” it “discarded all sequence reads 
without an exact match to any of the primers used in the studies (Primer 
Mismatched Sequences).” Id. at 5. “Subsequently, the identity of the 
remaining sequences were globally aligned to the thirteen reference 
sequences (Sanger-sequencing generated) using direct and reverse 
complementation.” Id. Binladen reports that 89% of the remaining sequences 
“diverged by no more than 1bp from one of the reference sequences, and 
could thus be assigned to one of the taxa analysed in the study.” Id. at 6. 
2. 
Analysis 
Petitioner argues that the combination of Parameswaran and Binladen 
teaches each limitation of claims 1–6. Pet. 57–62, 64–66. Petitioner also 
asserts that “[a] POSA would have been motivated, with a reasonable 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
32 
expectation of success, to combine Parameswaran and Binladen to improve 
multiplex sequencing accuracy.” Id. at 62. 
Patent Owner contends that the asserted combination does not teach 
all limitations of claims 1, 5, and 6. PO Resp. 47–52. Patent Owner also 
asserts that Petitioner fails to show a motivation to combine Parameswaran 
and Binladen. Id. at 15–16. 
For claims 5 and 6, we find Patent Owner’s argument persuasive. For 
claims 1–4, we find Petitioner’s argument persuasive. 
a. Claim 1 
As explained above, we agree with Petitioner that Parameswaran 
discloses steps i) and ii) of claim 1. See supra Section II.E.2; see also 
Pet. 34–39 (Petitioner’s detailed mapping of claim 1’s steps i) and ii) to 
Parameswaran’s disclosures). 
Also as explained above, we reject Petitioner’s anticipation challenge 
based on Parameswaran, because Parameswaran does not disclose excluding 
mismatched sequences, as required by the validating step of claim 1. See 
supra Section II.E.2 (citing Ex. 1004, 8). An obviousness determination, 
however, involves a different inquiry: we ask whether Petitioner has shown 
a POSA would have had a reason to modify Parameswaran to exclude 
relevant sequences. As explained below, on this record, we find Petitioner 
has met its burden in this showing. See Pet. 40–41, 46–47, 61. 
As Petitioner correctly points out, even though Parameswaran 
included “all sequences with a match to one of the two expected sequence 
motifs,” it “characterizes sequences with mismatched barcodes as 
‘false-discover[ies]’ arising due to various errors that result in 
‘misassignment’ of sequences to incorrect samples.” Pet. 40–41 (citing 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
33 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 178, 179; Ex. 1004, 7–8). We are persuaded that a POSA would 
have recognized that “mismatched sequences are erroneous and that 
reducing the rate of such ‘false discovery’ would decrease the rate at which 
sequences are assigned to incorrect samples.” See Ex. 1003 ¶ 179 (citing 
Ex. 1004, 7–8) (“Parameswaran calls out the low incidence of such errors 
when requiring a match to the 13-base barcode motif as an advantage of its 
unique dual-barcoding method.”). Parameswaran also states that “[t]he low 
false-discovery rate for perfect matches strengthens the argument that any 
sequence with both 5′ and 3′ barcode motifs will be placed with reasonable 
accuracy into the correct bin.” Ex. 1004, 8. Thus, Petitioner has shown that a 
POSA would have had a reason to modify Parameswaran to exclude relevant 
mismatched sequences. 
On this record, Petitioner has shown that in addition to disclosing 
steps i) and ii) of claim 1, Parameswaran also suggests excluding relevant 
mismatched sequences, as required by step iii) of claim 1. We are also 
persuaded that a POSA following the modified teachings of Parameswaran 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success to validate the sequence 
of nucleic acid analyte of interest in a multiplex sequencing reaction. 
Petitioner does not rely on Binladen for any particular element or 
teaching missing from Parameswaran. See Pet. 57–61. Therefore, we do not 
address Patent Owner’s argument challenging Petitioner’s showing of the 
motivation to combine Parameswaran and Binladen. See Realtime Data, 
912 F.3d at 1373. 
In sum, we find Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claim 1 would have been obvious over the combination of 
Parameswaran and Binladen. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
34 
b. Claims 2–4 
Petitioner argues that each of Parameswaran and Binladen discloses 
the additional limitations of claims 2–4. Pet. 64–65. Patent Owner does not 
dispute these assertions. See generally PO Resp. We find Petitioner’s 
mapping of the limitations to the asserted prior art persuasive and adopt it as 
our own. Thus, we find Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 2–4 would have been obvious over the combination of 
Parameswaran and Binladen. 
c. Claim 5 
Claim 5 recites “t[he] barcode sequences are designed to have no 
homopolymer regions.” As explained above, the term “homopolymer 
region” means “two or more of the same base in a row,” as the ’200 patent 
specification expressly defines. See supra Section II.C (citing Ex. 1001, 
9:6–10). 
Petitioner argues that Parameswaran teaches designing the barcode “to 
avoid homopolymeric runs.” Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1004, 4). Parameswaran, 
however, only states that its barcodes have “no homopolymer beyond 2 nt.” 
Ex. 1004, 7 (emphasis added). In other words, Parameswaran’s barcodes 
may have two of the same base in a row, which is a “homopolymer region” 
under the ’200 patent’s express definition. And as Patent Owner points out, 
every one of Parameswaran’s barcodes contains at least one such 
homopolymer region. PO Resp. 25 (citing Ex. 1004, Table 2). 
Parameswaran states that “[w]ith the barcode design used in this work 
(i.e. no homopolymer beyond 2 nt), we expected to minimize errors related 
to pyrosequencing. Indeed, the experimentally observed spectrum of errors 
did not match the types of homopolymer-related errors most frequently 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
35 
observed for pyrosequencing.” Ex. 1004, 7. Petitioner has not sufficiently 
explained why a POSA, reading Parameswaran, would have had a reason to 
avoid homopolymer region with two of the same base in a row. 
Petitioner asserts that Binladin’s tetranucleotide tags do not have 
homopolymer region. Pet. 65 (citing Ex. 1029, 3, 7, Tables 1, 3). Although 
that statement is correct, we are not persuaded that, a POSA would have 
adopted Binladin’s tetranucleotide tags. 
As Petitioner argues, 
Binladen used 2-nucleotide and 4-nucleotide long sequence 
identifiers, and observed that the longer identifiers lowered the 
misassignment rate. EX1029, 7; EX1003, ¶244. Parameswaran 
made this explicit, characterizing Binladen as “valuable” but 
explaining that some applications “call for a more definitive 
assignment of samples and/or for enhancing multiplexing 
capabilities,” and that this could be achieved through the use of 
“10-base barcodes that differ from each other at multiple 
positions (by at least 4 nt).” EX1004, 2; EX1003, ¶244. 
Pet. 63; see also Reply 24–25 (arguing that the fact that Binladen’s barcodes 
are short “strengthens the motivation to combine,” because “[t]o improve 
multiplex sequencing accuracy, a POSA would have been motivated to use 
Parameswaran’s unique dual-indexing method, including its longer 
barcodes”). Petitioner has not sufficiently explained why, a POSA, 
understanding the advantage of Parameswaran’s “10-base barcodes,” would 
have adopted Binladen’s tetranucleotide tags. 
In sum, on this record, we find Petitioner has not shown sufficiently 
that the asserted references teach the additional limitation of claim 5. Thus, 
Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 5 
would have been obvious over the combination of Parameswaran and 
Binladen. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
36 
d. Claim 6 
Claim 6 recites “the nucleic acid analyte of interest is on the surface 
of a flow cell.” 
Petitioner acknowledges that Parameswaran and Binladen both use 
Roche 454 sequencing. Pet. 66. According to Petitioner, Roche 454 
sequencing involves placing “bead-bound nucleic acid analytes in wells of a 
flow cell.” Id. (citing Ex. 1028, 6–8). Petitioner argues that “[c]laim 6 does 
not require attaching the analyte to the surface of a flow cell—it simply 
requires the analyte to be “on the surface of a flow cell.” Id. at 65–66 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 251). Thus, Petitioner contends that both references teach the 
additional limitation of claim 6. Id. We are not persuaded by this argument. 
In Roche 454 sequencing, the analyte of interest is bound to a bead 
and deposited into a flow cell, as shown below. 
 
The figure above shows deposition of DNA beads into the wells of a 
plate. Ex. 1028, 8; see also Ex. 1010, 4 (“The beads are incubated with a 
polymerase and single-strand binding proteins and, together with smaller 
beads carrying the ATP sulfurylases and luciferases, gravitationally 
deposited in the wells.”). 
We find persuasive Patent Owner’s argument that “[d]epositing 
analyte-bound beads into wells was used in Roche 454 sequencing because it 
permits the beads to be free floating and surrounded by reagents to provide 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
37 
light to read the analyte of interest.” See PO Resp. 27 (citing Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 99, 
100). Thus, we agree with Patent Owner that the nucleic acid analytes bound 
to the beads are suspended in the well, and not “on the surface of a flow 
cell.” Id. at 26–27. 
In sum, on this record, we find Petitioner has not shown sufficiently 
that the asserted references teach the additional limitation of claim 6. Thus, 
Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 6 
would have been obvious over the combination of Parameswaran and 
Binladen. 
 
Alleged Obviousness over Parameswaran, Binladen, and Bentley 
Petitioner asserts that claim 6 would have been obvious over the 
combination of Parameswaran, Binladen, and Bentley. Pet. 66–67. After 
reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as explained below, we 
determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
challenged claims would have been obvious over the asserted prior art. 
1. 
Bentley 
Bentley provides a detailed description of Illumina paired-end 
sequencing. Ex. 1006. It describes a “massively parallel synthetic 
sequencing approach” that involved shearing DNA strands into 
double-stranded DNA fragments for sequencing and ligating (joining) 
Illumina-specific adapters to both ends. Id. at 1–2, 13–14. Bentley 
“generated high-density single-molecule arrays of genomic DNA fragments 
attached to the surface of the reaction chamber (the flow cell) and used 
isothermal ‘bridging’ amplification to form DNA ‘clusters’ from each 
fragment.” Id. at 1. It describes that these DNA fragments were then 
denatured into single strands so that Illumina-specific adapters on the ends 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
38 
of the templates annealed to complementary oligonucleotides on the surface 
of the flow cell. Id. at 3. 
2. 
Analysis 
Petitioner argues, and Patent Owner does not dispute, that Bentley 
teaches Illumina sequencing of template nucleic acids after bridge 
amplification on the surface of the flow cell. Pet. 66 (citing Ex. 1006, 1–2). 
Petitioner contends that “to increase accuracy and decrease cost, a 
POSA would have been motivated to use the dual index strategies of 
Parameswaran and Binladen with Illumina sequencing as disclosed in 
Bentley.” Id. at 66–67 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 254). Patent Owner disagrees. PO 
Resp. 27–46, 52–54. We find Petitioner’s argument more persuasive. 
As Petitioner correctly points out, Parameswaran states that its 
barcoding approach “may also be compatible with other sequencing 
platforms,” and specifically identifies Illumina sequencers as one of the 
three “major high-throughput sequencing platforms.” Pet. 67 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 255; Ex. 1004, 1, 2, 8). 
Patent Owner contends that a POSA would not have had a reason to 
use Parameswaran’s unique dual indexes in Bentley’s Illumina sequencers 
because “Illumina sequencers did not have the same needs of 
pyrosequencing that guided the design of Parameswaran.” PO Resp. 28 
(citing Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 102–105). Patent Owner also asserts that 
Parameswaran’s approach does not apply to Illumina sequencers because 
Parameswaran’s barcodes are “tailored” for pyrosequencing. Id. at 29–30 
(citing Ex. 1004, 1; Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 104–105). Patent Owner further argues that 
“a POSA at the time of the invention would not have understood chimeric 
sequences giving rise to such errors, such as the cross-over error discussed 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
39 
throughout the ’200 Patent, to be a problem in pyrosequencers like 
Parameswaran’s or Illumina sequencers” like Bentley’s. Id. at 36. We are 
not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments. 
First, the challenged claims do not recite “chimeric sequences” or 
“cross-over error.” Instead, they recite validating the sequence of the nucleic 
acid analyte of interest by excluding sequences “containing only one 
identifier or an incorrect pair of identifiers.” Thus, whether chimeric 
sequences giving rise to cross-over error was known or not is irrelevant to 
our analysis here. 
Second, Parameswaran recognizes that “[o]ptimally, however the 
precise structure of the barcodes might need to be revised to reflect 
sequencing error profiles of the various systems.” Ex. 1004, 8. Petitioner 
presents evidence to show that “in December 2010, barcodes posed no 
barrier for switching from one NGS platform to another; a POSA understood 
how to design barcodes suitable for Illumina sequencers.” Reply 17 (citing 
Ex. 1054 ¶¶ 101, 102; Ex. 1055, 104:13–105:11). Indeed, samples can be 
sequenced using the same set of barcodes on both Roche 454 and Illumina 
platforms. Id. at 18 (citing Ex. 1038, Table 1). Thus, we are not persuaded 
by Patent Owner’s argument that Parameswaran’s approach applies only to 
pyrosequencing because its barcodes are “tailored” for pyrosequencing. See 
PO Resp. 29–30. 
Third, Petitioner has presented evidence to show that increasing 
accuracy and decreasing cost is a universal goal in multiplex sequencing, 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
40 
regardless of the platform. For example, Fuller8 recognized the challenge to 
reduce the cost of ensemble-based sequencing-by-synthesis (“SBS”). 
Ex. 1059, 1. Ensemble-based sequencing involves “the sequencing of 
multiple i[]dentical copies of a DNA molecule, typically amplified together 
on isolated surfaces or beads.” Id. (emphasis added). In other words, 
ensemble-based sequencing includes sequencing on Illumina sequencers. 
See id., Figure 1 (citing Bentley). Fuller cites Parameswaran as teaching “an 
effective technology to judiciously add sequence tags to the fragments of 
several different samples.” According to Fuller, “[t]his reduces the 
inefficiencies of ensemble-based SBS architectures.” Id. at 3. Fuller does not 
limit application of Parameswaran’s method to Roche 454 pyrosequencing 
only. 
Other prior art references similarly suggest that Parameswaran’s 
method is not limited to Roche 454 pyrosequencing only. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1062, 11 (citing Parameswaran’s strategy for “allow[ing] the 
combination of multiple whole community assays in a single run, thereby 
reducing the per sample cost” in next-generation sequencing, which includes 
both Roche 454 and Illumina sequencer); Ex. 1068, 7. Thus, we agree with 
Petitioner that a POSA would have had a reason to use Parameswaran’s 
dual-index strategies in Bentley’s Illumina sequencing 
As a result, Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claim 6 would have been obvious over the combination of 
Parameswaran, Binladen, and Bentley. 
 
8 Fuller, et al., The Challenges of Sequencing by Synthesis, 27 NATURE 
BIOTECHNOLOGY (11) 1013-1023 (2009) (Ex. 1059, “Fuller”). 
 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
41 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
Petitioner has met its burden to show that (1) Gloor anticipates 
claims 1–6; (2) the combination of Parameswaran and Gloor renders 
claims 1–6 obvious; (3) the combination of Parameswaran and Binladen 
renders claims 1–4 obvious; and (4) the combination of Parameswaran, 
Binladen, and Bentley renders claim 6 obvious. 
Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that 
(1) Parameswaran anticipates claims 1–6; or (2) the combination of 
Parameswaran and Binladen renders claims 5 and 6 obvious. 
In summary: 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has proven, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 1–6 of the ’200 patent are unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
Claims 
 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
References 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–6 
102 
Gloor 
1–6 
 
1–6 
102 
Parameswaran 
 
1–6 
1–6 
103 
Parameswaran, 
Gloor 
1–6 
 
1–6 
103 
Parameswaran, 
Binladen 
1–4 
5, 6 
6 
103 
Parameswaran, 
Binladen, Bentley 
6 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–6 
 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-00965 
Patent 11,768,200 B2 
 
42 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
William Raich 
Charles Collins-Chase 
FINNEGAN, HENDERSON, FARABOW, 
GARRETT & DUNNER, LLP 
william.raich@finnegan.com 
charles.collins-chase@finnegan.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Brian Matty 
Bridget Belcher 
DESMARAIS LLP 
bmatty@desmaraisllp.com 
bbelcher@desmaraisllp.com