--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 56 
571-272-7822 
Entered: November 17, 2025 
1 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
MERCK SHARP & DOHME LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
 
Before DEBORAH KATZ, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and DEVON 
ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
1 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting 
inter partes review of claims 1–30 of U.S. Patent No. 11,643,462 B2 (Ex. 
1001, “the ’462 patent”). Petition (“Pet.”), Paper 1. The Johns Hopkins 
University (“Patent Owner”) filed a Mandatory Notice identifying itself as 
the owner of the ’462 patent. Paper 3, 1. Patent Owner did not file a 
Preliminary Patent Owner Response. 
We instituted trial on September 27, 2024. Paper 6 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
During trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response. Paper 29 
(confidential Paper 25) (“PO Resp.”). Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 45 
(confidential Paper 42) (“Pet. Reply”)) and Patent Owner filed a Sur-Reply 
(Paper 50 (confidential Paper 47) (“PO Sur-Reply”)). The parties declined 
to present oral arguments in this proceeding. Paper 49. 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
full record developed through trial, we determine that Petitioner has proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Our reasoning is explained below, and 
we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a).1 
 
1 To the extent this Final Written Decision includes portions of the record 
that are presently sealed, the parties may meet and confer concerning 
whether any portions of this Decision should be redacted before it is made 
available to the public. If any party maintains that redactions to the Final 
Written Decision should be made, that party may, within seven (7) days of 
entry of the Final Written Decision, submit a proposed redacted and 
publicly-available version of the Final Written Decision along with a motion 
to seal explaining why the redactions are necessary and outweigh any public 
interest in the redacted information. Any opposition to such motion must be 
 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
2 
 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC and Merck & Co., 
Inc., as its real parties-in-interest. Pet. 64. Patent Owner identifies Johns 
Hopkins University as its real party-in-interest. Paper 3, 1. 
C. Related Matters 
The parties indicate that the ’462 patent is involved in Merck Sharp & 
Dohme LLC v. The Johns Hopkins University, 1:22-cv-03059-JRR (D. Md.), 
filed November 29, 2022. Pet. 64; Paper 3, 1. Petitioner states that the U.S. 
District Court for the District of Maryland entered an order granting 
Petitioner’s Motion to Stay on July 1, 2024. Paper 5, 1. 
Petitioner has also filed petitions for inter partes review of the 
following patents asserted against Petitioner by Patent Owner: IPR2024-
00650 against U.S. Patent No. 11,634,491; IPR2024-00649 against 
U.S. Patent No. 11,629,187; IPR2024-00647 against U.S. Patent No. 
11,649,287; IPR2024-00625 against U.S. Patent No. 11,339,219; IPR2024-
00624 against U.S. Patent No. 11,325,975; IPR2024-00623 against U.S. 
Patent No. 11,325,974; IPR2024-00622 against U.S. Patent No. 10,934,356; 
IPR2024-00240 against U.S. Patent No. 11,591,393; IPR2024-00623 against 
U.S. Patent No. 11,325,974; IPR-00624 against U.S. Patent No. 11,325,975; 
and IPR2024-00625 against U.S. Patent No. 11,339,219. See, e.g., Pet. 64; 
Paper 3, 1. 
 
filed within ten (10) days after the motion is filed. If no motion is filed 
within the timeline set forth above or if the parties otherwise inform the 
Board (via email to trials@uspto.gov) that no redactions are necessary, the 
Final Written Decision will be made available to the public in unredacted 
form. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
3 
 
D. The ’462 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’462 patent is titled “Checkpoint Blockade and Microsatellite 
Instability.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’462 patent is directed to anti-cancer 
therapies that block immune system checkpoints, including the programmed 
death-1 (“PD-1”) receptor. Id., Abstract. More specifically, the ’462 patent 
is directed to treating cancer patients with high mutational burdens, such as 
those found in microsatellite instable (“MSI”) cancer, with anti-PD-1 
antibodies. Id., 3:38–53. MSI occurs in tumors with deficiency in DNA 
mismatch repair (“MMR-deficiency”). Id., 1:33–34. 
The ’462 patent explains that 
[t]he PD-1 receptor-ligand interaction is a major pathway 
hijacked by tumors to suppress immune control. The normal 
function of PD-1, expressed on the cell surface of activated 
T-cells under healthy conditions, is to down-modulate unwanted 
or excessive immune responses, including auto-immune 
reactions. The ligands for PD-1 (PD-L1 and PD-L2) are 
constitutively expressed or can be induced in various tumors. 
Id., 1:55–62. According to the ’462 patent, “[h]igh expression of PD-L1 on 
tumor cells (and to a lesser extent of PD-L2) has been found to correlate 
with poor prognosis and survival in various cancer types.” Id., 2:6–9. 
However, the Specification describes that 
in reports of PD-1 blockade in human tumors, only one of 33 
colorectal (CRC) patients responded to this treatment. . . . What 
was different about this single patient? We hypothesized that 
this patient had MMR-deficiency, because MMR-deficiency 
occurs in a small fraction of advanced CRCs, . . . somatic 
mutations found in tumors can be recognized by the patient’s 
own immune system,[] and MMR-deficient cancers have 10- to 
100-fold more somatic mutations than MMR-proficient CRC. 
Id., 2:63–3:6. After confirming that the tumor of the single CRC patient 
who responded to PD-1 blockade was MMR-deficient, the ’462 patent 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
4 
 
describes the evaluation of immune checkpoint blockade in patients whose 
tumors had or did not have MMR-deficiency in a phase 2 clinical trial. Id., 
3:14–21. The Specification discloses that pembrolizumab is a monoclonal 
anti-PD-1 antibody, attributed to Merck, which was administered to patients 
in this clinical trial. Id., 8:52–58. According to the ’462 patent, “[t]he data 
from the small phase 2 trial . . . supports the hypothesis that MMR-deficient 
tumors are more responsive to PD-1 blockade than are MMR-proficient 
tumors.” Id., 6:53–57. 
E. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–30. Representative independent claim 
1 is reproduced below: 
1. A method for treating a patient having a solid tumor 
selected from the group consisting of endometrial cancer, 
small bowel cancer, gastric cancer, ampullary cancer, 
choloangiocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, 
breast cancer, esophageal cancer, liver cancer, ovarian cancer, 
uterine cancer, cervical cancer, bladder cancer, testicular 
cancer and oral cancer that has progressed following at least 
one prior treatment, the method comprising: 
testing or having tested a biological sample obtained from 
the patient to determine whether the solid tumor is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient; and 
in response to determining that the solid tumor is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient, treating the patient determined to have a solid 
tumor that is microsatellite instability high or DNA 
mismatch repair deficient with a therapeutically 
effective amount of pembrolizumab. 
Ex. 1001, 25:52–26:2. 
 
Representative independent claim 11 is reproduced below: 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
5 
 
11. A method for prescribing a treatment for a solid 
tumor selected from the group consisting of endometrial cancer, 
small bowel cancer, gastric cancer, ampullary cancer, 
cholangiocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, breast 
cancer, esophageal cancer, liver cancer, ovarian cancer, uterine 
cancer, cervical cancer, bladder cancer, testicular cancer and 
oral cancer that has progressed following at least one prior 
cancer treatment, the method comprising: 
testing or having tested a biological sample obtained 
from the patient to determine whether the solid tumor is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient; and 
in response to determining that the solid tumor is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient, prescribing treatment with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab for the patient 
determined to have a tumor that is microsatellite instability high 
or DNA mismatch repair deficient. 
Ex. 1001, 26:26–43. 
F. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 
Ex. 1005, MSI-H Study Record, ClinicalTrials.gov, 
NCT01876511, “Study of MK-3475 in Patients With 
Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors (Cohorts A, B and C),” 
(June 10, 2013) available at 
https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT01876511?tab=history&a=1 
(“MSI-H Study Record”); also available at Merck Sharp & 
Dohme LLC v. The Johns Hopkins University, 1:22-cv-03059-
BPG, ECF 1, Complaint, Exhibit B (11/29/22) (“MSI-H Study 
Record”). 
Ex. 1007, Chapelle et al., Clinical Relevance of Microsatellite 
Instability in Colorectal Cancer, 28(20) J. CLIN. ONCOLOGY 
3320 (2010) (“Chapelle”). 
Ex. 1008, Steinert et al., Immune Escape and Survival 
Mechanisms in Circulating Tumor Cells of Colorectal Cancer, 
74(6) CANCER RESEARCH OF1 (March 2014) (“Steinert”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
6 
 
Ex. 1009, Benson et al., Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: 
Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology, 12(7) J. NAT’L 
COMPREHENSIVE CANCER NETWORK 1028 (July 2014) 
(“Benson”). 
Ex. 1011, Hamid et al., Safety and Tumor Responses with 
Lambrolizumab (Anti-PD-1) in Melanoma, 369(2) NEW ENG. J. 
MEDICINE 134 (July 2013) (“Hamid”). 
Ex. 1034, Brown et al., Neo-Antigens Predicted by Tumor 
Genome Meta-Analysis Correlate with Increased Patient 
Survival, 24(5) GENOME RESEARCH 743 (May 2014) 
(“Brown”). 
Ex. 1087, Duval et al., The mutator pathway is a feature of 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas, 101(14) PROCEEDINGS 
OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES 5002 (2004) 
(“Duval”). 
Ex. 1095, Koh et al., Uterine Neoplasms, Versions 1.2014: 
Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology, 12(2) J. NAT’L 
COMPREHENSIVE CANCER NETWORK 248 (February 2014) 
(“Koh”). 
Ex. 1096, Ajani et al., Gastric Cancer, Version 2.2013: 
Featured Updates to the NCCN Guidelines, 11(5) J. NAT’L 
COMPREHENSIVE CANCER NETWORK 531 (May 2013) (“Ajani”). 
Petitioner also relies on the declarations of Alfred I. Neugut, M.D., 
Ph.D., M.P.H. (Ex. 1003) and Paul E. Oberstein, M.D. (Ex. 1150) to support 
its contentions. 
Patent Owner relies on the declarations of Nils Lonberg, Ph.D. (Ex. 
2072), Dung Le, M.D. (Ex. 2130), and Richard Goldberg, M.D. (Ex. 2090) 
Ph.D., M.P.H. (Ex. 1003), to support its contentions. 
G. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–30 would have been unpatentable on 
the following grounds: 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
7 
 
Ground Claim(s) Challenged 35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–
17, 19–30 
102 
MSI-H Study Record 
2 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–
17, 19–30 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson 
3 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–
17, 19–24 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh 
4 
1, 2, 4–7, 9, 11, 12, 
14–17, 19, 25, 26 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Ajani 
5 
2, 8, 12, 18 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Ajani, Chapelle 
6 
3, 13 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Ajani, Steinert 
7 
7, 17 
103 
MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Ajani, Hamid 
 
H. Claim Construction 
The challenged claims should be read in light of the Specification, as 
it would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Suitco 
Surface, Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally 
give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re 
Translogic Tech., Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary 
and customary meaning ‘is the meaning that the term would have to a person 
of ordinary skill in the art in question.’” (internal quotation marks omitted)); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs 
according to the same standard as used in federal court). 
Claim 1 requires treating the patient with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab “in response to determining that the solid tumor 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
8 
 
is microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient . . . .” 
Ex. 1001, 25:52–26:2. Petitioner argues that the discussion in the MSI-H 
Study Record of treating patients having MSI-H colorectal cancer with 10 
mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days reads on this limitation of claim 1. 
Pet. 25–26 (citing Ex. 1005, 2–6; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 76–79). 
Patent Owner argues that our construction “disregards the critical 
causal relationship between ‘determining’ and ‘treating’/’prescribing’ steps 
in the claims,” wherein the causal relationship establishes that “only patients 
determined to be MSI-H are treated.” PO Resp. 6 (emphases original). 
According to Patent Owner, the construction of “in response to” should be 
that the phrase means “in reaction to.” Id. 
Patent Owner argues that if the inventors had intended the claimed 
method to encompass merely treating patients “after” a determination of the 
patient’s MSI-H status, they would have used the word “after” in their 
claims, citing use of the word “after” in claims in a related patent. Id. at 7. 
Because the cited language is in claims that depend on claim 1, Patent 
Owner argues that the term “in response to” must have a different meaning 
from “after.” Id. 
Patent Owner argues further that the Specification of the ’462 patent 
is consistent with the asserted “plain meaning” of the claim term “in 
response to” as meaning a causal relationship, wherein the “treating” step is 
only performed as a reaction to determining the patient’s cancer is MSI-H. 
PO Resp. 7–8. Specifically, Patent Owner cites the disclosure in the ’462 
patent for the determination that MSI-H indicates a tumor is a “good 
candidate” for treatment with an immune checkpoint inhibitory antibody and 
that MSI-stable indicates the tumor is a “bad candidate” for treatment with 
an immune checkpoint inhibitory antibody. Ex. 1001, 3:64–67. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
9 
 
According to Patent Owner, one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood from this distinction in recommended treatments that “in 
response to” describes administering the claimed treatment only as a 
reaction to the determination that the patient’s cancer is MSI-H. PO Resp. 8. 
Patent Owner argues further that “[i]f ‘in response to’ meant merely ‘after,’ 
the claims would cover treatment administered to MSI-H patients for any 
reason or no reason at all,” which is a reading “inconsistent with the 
specification.” Id. 
We agree with Patent Owner that the phrase “in response to” in claim 
1 requires a causal relationship wherein the patient must be tested for MSI-H 
and, if he or she is determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, then the patient is 
treated with 10 mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days. In claim 1, a 
biological sample from the patient must be tested to determine if the cancer 
is MSI-H and, if so, the patient is treated with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab. For this reason, if the prior art teaches the 
limitations of 1) testing a biological sample obtained from a patient having 
cancer to determine that the patient’s cancer is microsatellite instability high 
or mismatch repair deficient, and 2) treating the patient with a 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab if the patient’s cancer is 
determined to be microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient, the art anticipates claim 1. We are not persuaded that claim 1 
requires or excludes anything else because nothing else is recited in the 
claim. 
Patent Owner argues that the “in response to” limitation of claim 1 
describes administering the claimed treatment only as a reaction to the 
determination that the patient’s cancer is MSI-H, and that, if treatment were 
administered to patients for any other reason after testing confirmed that the 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
10 
 
patient’s cancer is determined to be microsatellite instability high or DNA 
mismatch repair deficient, the term “in response to” would be meaningless. 
PO Resp. 7–8. We agree that claim 1 provides that if the cancer patient is 
tested and the cancer is determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, the patient is 
treated with a therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab. But 
claim 1 does not exclude treatment of other cancer patients whose tumors 
were confirmed not to be MSI-H or dMMR, when tested; claim 1 does not 
mention any other patients or define patient populations to be excluded from 
treatment. This is so because the method of claim 1 uses the open-ended 
transitional phrase “comprising” that is generally interpreted to not exclude 
additional, unrecited elements. See Invitrogen Corp. v. Biocrest Mfg., L.P., 
327 F.3d 1364, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (“The transition ‘comprising’ in a 
method claim indicates that the claim is open-ended and allows for 
additional steps.”); Genentech, Inc. v. Chiron Corp., 112 F.3d 495, 501 (Fed. 
Cir. 1997) (“‘Comprising’ is a term of art used in claim language that means 
that the named elements are essential, but that other elements may be added 
and still form a construct within the scope of the claim.”). The use of the 
open-ended transitional phrase “comprising” in claim 1 further suggests to 
us that any additional steps taken in conjunction with expressly recited 
method steps, such as the treatment of patients who are not MSI-H or 
dMMR, are not excluded from the scope of the claim. 
Patent Owner’s argues that the prosecution history of the ’462 patent 
supports its claim construction. PO Resp. 8–9. Patent Owner cites to the 
Examiner’s reasons for allowance in a related patent (U.S. 11,591,393), 
which states that the cited prior art “does not treat the patient based on a 
determination of microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient as claimed.” Id. at 8 (citing Ex. 2302, 8). According to Patent 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
11 
 
Owner, the term “based on” does not mean “after,” but requires a causal 
relationship. Id. Again, we do not disagree with Patent Owner that claim 1 
recites a causal relationship. But we are not persuaded that claim 1 requires 
anything other than testing a cancer patient and, if the cancer is determined 
to be MSI-H or dMMR, treating that patient with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab. The Examiner’s reasoning does not indicate that 
claim 1 excludes treating any patient other than the one tested. 
Similarly, we are not persuaded that Petitioner argued for a claim 
construction in District Court that would exclude treatment of any patient 
other than the one tested and confirmed to be MSI-H or dMMR, as Patent 
Owner implies. PO Resp. 9–10. Patent Owner argues that “Merck’s only 
dispute [in District Court] was over the breadth of that causal relationship, 
with Merck proposing that the term be construed even more narrowly to 
mean ‘as the reaction specifically to.’” Id. at 9 (citing Ex. 2160, 242). But 
Patent Owner does not point to a specific argument in which Petitioner 
argued that claim 1 excludes treating any patient other than the one tested 
and determined to be MSI-H or dMMR. Before the District Court, 
Petitioner argued the claim language “requires that ‘treating’ occur ‘in 
response to’ some form of ‘determining’” and that a “response” is “a 
reaction, as that of an organism to any of its parts, to a specific stimulus.” 
Ex. 2160, 24–25. Petitioner’s arguments do not limit the scope of claim 1 to 
treating only patients tested and determined to be MSI-H or dMMR. Before 
the District Court, Petitioner argued “[Patent Owner]’s proposal, that the 
disputed claim term needs no construction because the Court and the POSA 
 
2 Patent Owner cites to page 30 of Exhibit 2160, which is page 24 of the 
underlying document. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
12 
 
knows what it means, invites legal error and jury confusion about what 
behavior the claims cover.” Id. at 25. Although Petitioner argued for a 
claim construction before the District Court, it did not argue for the 
construction Patent Owner asserts now. 
Patent Owner further argues that Petitioner’s witness, Dr. Neugut, 
agrees that “in response to” should be given its plain meaning and that its 
witness, Dr. Lonberg, testifies that “in response to” means “in reaction to” a 
determination that the patient’s tumor is MSI-H. PO Resp. 9–10 (citing Ex. 
2163, 70:25–71:2; Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 98–100). Neither of these statements 
persuades us that claim 1 requires anything other than testing a cancer 
patient and, if determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, treating that patient with a 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab. Neither Dr. Neugut’s 
nor Dr. Lonberg’s testimony persuades us that the scope of claim 1 excludes 
treating any patient other than the one tested and confirmed to be MSI-H or 
dMMR. 
Patent Owner cites Am. Calcar, Inc. v. American Honda Motor Co., 
651 F.3d 1318, 1340 (Fed. Cir. 2011), in support of the claim construction 
that the “treating” step is only performed as a reaction to determining the 
patient’s cancer is MSI-H, but not when the patient is MSI-stable. PO Resp. 
10. In Am. Calcar, the Federal Circuit determined that, in claims directed to 
systems for identifying a service provided when a vehicle needs service, the 
term “the processing element identifying one of the plurality of providers in 
response to the vehicle condition” was construed to mean “that the second 
event occur in reaction to the first event.” 651 F.3d at 1324, 1340. The 
court explained that “[t]he language of the claim itself suggests that when a 
vehicle condition is detected, the processing element identifies a provider 
automatically as opposed to requiring further user interaction.” Id. at 1340. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
13 
 
We note that, as explained above, we agree the claim term “in response to” 
requires a causal relationship between a first action and a second action, but 
we disagree that the court’s reasoning in Am. Calcar is relevant to the claims 
before us. The issue presented by claim 1 is whether treatment of patients 
not meeting the recited limitation (MSI-H) is excluded by the claim 
language, not whether treating patients “in response to” a determination of 
MSI-H incurs further action by a care provider. The reasoning of Am. 
Calcar does not persuade us that exclusion is required because Am. Calcar 
does not address the phrase “in response to” in the context of excluding one 
condition over another. 
After considering the parties’ arguments and the evidence presented, 
we construe claim 1 to require testing a biological sample obtained from a 
patient having cancer to determine that the patient’s cancer is microsatellite 
instability high or mismatch repair deficient, and treating the patient with a 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab if the patient’s cancer is 
determined to be microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient. We are not persuaded that claim 1 either requires or excludes 
other patients or steps because claim 1 does not recite any other steps or 
contain negative limitations. 
I. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art and Declarant 
The parties rely on the testimony of witnesses for their opinions on 
what one of ordinary skill in the art would have known and understood at the 
relevant time. Specifically, Petitioner relies on the testimony of Alfred L. 
Neugut, M.D., Ph.D., M.P.H., (Ex. 1003) and Paul E. Oberstein, M.D., (Ex. 
1150). Patent Owner relies on the testimony of Nils Lonberg, Ph.D. (Ex. 
2072) and Richard Goldberg, M.D. (Ex. 2090). 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
14 
 
Petitioner and Patent Owner characterize one of ordinary skill in the 
art differently. To Petitioner, the ordinarily skilled artisan would be “a 
medical doctor or a professional in a related field with at least five years of 
experience with treating cancer” and “would also have experience in or 
access to a person with knowledge of clinical studies for therapeutics and 
how they work and a pathologist with comparable experience.” Pet. 11 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 19). To Patent Owner, the ordinarily skilled artisan would 
have had a medical or graduate-level degree, or equivalent work experience, 
in the fields of immunology, genetics, or a related field and would have 
experience (i) conducting immunology research relating to oncology, (ii) 
conducting genetics research relating to oncology, or (iii) developing and 
conducting clinical trials on novel cancer therapies in those fields. PO Resp. 
5–6 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 31–32, 91–99). Petitioner emphasizes medical and 
treatment aspects in its characterization of an ordinarily skilled artisan, 
whereas Patent Owner emphasizes research aspects. The ’462 patent claims 
a method of treating a human patient with colorectal cancer having certain 
characteristics using pembrolizumab and the main prior art reference cited 
by Petitioner discloses testing pembrolizumab to treat human patients. See 
Ex. 1001, 25:5–27; Ex. 1005. Accordingly, the relevant field of Patent 
Owner’s claims is treating human patients, as well as testing existing 
compounds. In the Decision to institute trial, we adopted Petitioner’s 
uncontested proposal defining that the level of skill in the art, presented 
above. Inst. Dec. 8. Neither party directs us to evidence of the level of skill 
in the art beyond what we considered for institution of trial. Having 
considered Patent Owner’s positions and evidence of record, however, we 
determine that the level of skill also includes knowledge of and experience 
with treating cancer patients with immunotherapy compounds, identifying 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
15 
 
the conditions these patients may have, and understanding the literature 
regarding clinical trials for such cancers and the associated conditions and 
immunotherapy. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standard 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never 
shifts to the patent owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, 
Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Moreover, a petitioner should 
not “place the burden on [the Board] to sift through information presented 
by the Petitioners, determine where each element [of the challenged claims] 
is found in [the cited references], and identify any differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the teachings of [the cited references.]” Google 
Inc. v. EveryMD.com LLC, IPR2014-00347, Paper 9 at 25 (PTAB May 22, 
2014). 
Anticipation is a question of fact, as is the question of what a prior art 
reference teaches. In re NTP, Inc., 654 F.3d 1279, 1297 (Fed. Cir. 2011). 
“Because the hallmark of anticipation is prior invention, the prior art 
reference—in order to anticipate under 35 U.S.C. § 102—must not only 
disclose all elements of the claim within the four corners of the document, 
but must also disclose those elements ‘arranged as in the claim.’” Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008) 
(quoting Connell v. Sears, Roebuck & Co., 722 F.2d 1542, 1548 (Fed. Cir. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
16 
 
1983)). Whether a reference anticipates a claim is assessed from the skilled 
artisan’s perspective. See Dayco Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 329 
F.3d 1358, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (“[T]he dispositive question regarding 
anticipation [i]s whether one skilled in the art would reasonably understand 
or infer from the [prior art reference’s] teaching that every claim element 
was disclosed in that single reference.” (quoting In re Baxter Travenol 
Labs., 952 F.2d 388, 390 (Fed. Cir. 1991))). 
The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) 
the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
The obviousness inquiry also typically requires an analysis of 
“whether there was an apparent reason to combine the known elements in 
the fashion claimed by the patent at issue.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 
550 U.S. 398, 418 (2007) (citing In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 
2006) (requiring “articulated reasoning with some rational underpinning to 
support the legal conclusion of obviousness”)). A petitioner cannot prove 
obviousness with “mere conclusory statements.” In re Magnum Oil Tools 
Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2016). Rather, a petitioner must 
articulate a sufficient reason why a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have combined the prior art references. In re NuVasive, 842 F.3d 1376, 
1382 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
B. Summary of the Cited Prior Art 
1. MSI-H Study Record (Ex. 1005) 
The title of the MSI-H Study Record is “Phase 2 Study of MK-3475 
in Patients With Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors.” Ex. 1005, 1. MK-

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
17 
 
3475 is also known as pembrolizumab. See Ex. 1054,3 3 (disclosing that 
“Nivolumab . . . and MK-3475 (pembrolizumab formerly lambrolizumab) 
. . . are humanized MAb that block the interaction between PD-1 and its 
ligands and demonstrate durable responses in patients with advanced 
melanoma.”); see also Ex. 1069 (titled “ANTITUMOR ACTIVITY OF 
PEMBROLIZUMAB (PEMBRO; MK-3475) . . . .”)). 
The MSI-H Study Record includes a “Brief Summary,” explaining 
that 
[t]his study will be looking at whether MK-3475 (an 
antibody that blocks negative signals to T cells) is effective (anti-
tumor activity) and safe in three different patient populations. 
These include: 1. patients with MSI positive colon cancer, 2. 
patients with MSI negative colon cancer, and 3. patients with 
other MSI positive cancers. 
Ex. 1005, 3. Two of the outcome measures reported in the MSI-H Study 
Record are “Immune-related progression free survival (irPFS) rate in 
patients with MSI positive non-colorectal adenocarcinoma using immune 
related response criteria (irRC) at 20 weeks” and a determination of “[d]oes 
MSI as a marker predict treatment response[?]” Id. at 4–5. The MSI-H 
Study Record provides “Arms and Interventions” as follows: 
 
 
3 Ascierto et al., Future Perspectives in Melanoma Research: Meeting 
Report from the “Melanoma Bridge”, Napoli, December 5th-8th 
2013, 12 J. TRANSLATIONAL MEDICINE 277 (October 2024). 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
18 
 
Id. at 4. The chart above identifies three patient populations and the 
therapeutic intervention to be provided. 
2. Chapelle (Ex. 1007) 
Chapelle is an article titled “Clinical Relevance of Microsatellite 
Instability in Colorectal Cancer.” Ex. 1007, 3380. Chapelle discloses that 
“Microsatellite instability (MSI) is a clonal change in the number of repeated 
DNA nucleotide units in microsatellites,” which “arises in tumors with 
deficient mismatch repair due to the inactivation of one of the four mismatch 
repair genes: MSH2, MLH1, MSH6, and PMS2.” Id. Chapelle describes the 
testing of tumor tissue from a patient to determine microsatellite instability 
in colorectal cancer. Id. at 3380, 3383. Chapelle also describes 
immunohistochemistry techniques to test for microsatellite instability status. 
Id. at 3380, 3384. 
3. Steinert (Ex. 1008) 
Steinert is an article titled “Immune Escape and Survival Mechanisms 
in Circulating Tumor Cells of Colorectal Cancer.” Ex. 1008, OF1. Steinert 
discloses detailed genomic and phenotypic analyses of single colorectal 
cancer–derived circulating tumor cells (CTC). Id. Steinert describes that 
“[a]mplified gDNA of CTC and tumor tissue samples was tested for 
microsatellite instability (MSI) using the markers NR21, NR24, and 
BAT 25.” Id. at OF2. Steinert describes that the analyses of single 
cancer-derived CTC found disparities in key mutations, including MSI, in 
comparison to the primary tumor. Id. at OF4. “MSI at one or more markers 
. . . was detected in CTC from 2 patients (of 25 with complete MSI data sets; 
7.7%, Fig. 2C). In 1 patient, two of 11 tested CTC were MSI despite a 
microsatellite stable (MSS) tumor (Table 1).” Id. In one patient, “[t]hree 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
19 
 
single CTC were classified as MSI-high level (MSI-H) and showed a 
mutation in the coding region of the ELAVL gene.” Id. at OF6. 
4. Benson (Ex. 1009) 
Benson is an article titled “Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology.” Ex. 1009, 1028. Benson discloses 
guidelines that “focus[] on the use of systemic therapy in metastatic 
disease.” Id. More specifically, Benson “summarizes the NCCN Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines) for managing 
metastatic CRC, focusing mainly on systemic therapy.” Id., 1029. Benson 
discloses a patient population whose cancer progressed after two previous 
drug therapies or had metastatic cancer. Id. at 1034. 
5. Hamid (Ex. 1011) 
Hamid is an article titled “Safety and Tumor Responses with 
Lambrolizumab (Anti-PD-1) in Melanoma.” Ex. 1011, 134. Hamid “tested 
the anti–PD-1 antibody lambrolizumab (previously known as MK-3475) in 
patients with advanced melanoma.” Id. Hamid discloses administering 
pembrolizumab intravenously “in patients with advanced melanoma, both 
those who had received prior treatment with the immune checkpoint 
inhibitor ipilimumab and those who had not.” Id. According to Hamid, 
“treatment with lambrolizumab resulted in a high rate of sustained tumor 
regression.” Id. 
6. Brown (Ex. 1034) 
Brown is an article titled “Neo-Antigens Predicted by Tumor Genome 
Meta-Analysis Correlate with Increased Patient Survival.” Ex. 1034, 743. 
Brown discloses that “patients with tumors showing naturally immunogenic 
mutations and associated [tumor infiltrating lymphocytes] are potential 
candidates for treatment with immune modulators such as CTLA4- or 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
20 
 
PDCD1-targeted antibodies,” i.e., PD-1 inhibitors. Id. at 747. More 
specifically, Brown teaches that “tumors bearing predicted immunogenic 
mutations have . . . elevated expression of CTLA4 and PDCD1,” i.e., PD-1, 
“reinforcing the notion that these patients may be optimal candidates for 
immune modulation.” Id. at 747–48. 
7. Duval (Ex. 1087) 
Duval is an article titled “The mutator pathway is a feature of 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas.” Ex. 1087, 5002. Duval describes 
that “[c]ancers with a mutator phenotype constitute a frequent subset of solid 
tumors characterized by mismatch repair deficiency.” Id. Duval discloses 
that “[t]hese tumors exhibit a widespread genetic instability at the molecular 
level that mainly affects microsatellite sequences and are called MSI-H 
(microsatellite instability-high) tumors.” Id. According to Duval, the 
observation that the MSI-H phenotype was specifically associated with 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas (ID-RL) “suggests the existence of 
the highly immunogenic mutator pathway as a novel oncogenic process in 
lymphomagenesis whose role is favored when host immunosurveillance is 
reduced.” Id. 
8. Koh (Ex. 1095) 
Koh is an article titled “Uterine Neoplasms, Versions 1.2014: Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology.” Ex. 1095, 248. Koh describes that “[t]he 
NCCN Guidelines for Uterine Neoplasms describe malignant epithelial 
carcinomas and uterine sarcomas; each of these major categories contains 
specific histologic groups that require different management.” Id., Abstract. 
Koh discloses that patients having endometrial cancer who were enrolled in 
a clinical study would generally have had a tumor that had progressed after 
at least one prior cancer treatment and metastatic cancer. Id. at 256. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
21 
 
9. Ajani (Ex. 1096) 
Ajani is an article titled “Gastric Cancer, Version 2.2013: Featured 
Updates to the NCCN Guidelines.” Ex. 1096, 531. Ajani discloses 
“evidence- and consensus-based recommendations for a multidisciplinary 
approach for the management of patients with gastric cancer.” Id. Ajani 
discloses that “combined modality therapy has been used as an adjunct to 
surgery to improve survival rates in patients with localized resectable 
cancer.” Id. Because “gastric cancer is often diagnosed at an advanced 
stage,” Ajani describes that “HER2 testing is now recommended for all 
patients with metastatic disease at the time of diagnosis.” Id. at 544. 
According to Ajani, “[t]he selection of appropriate systemic therapy should 
be based on the patient’s performance status and HER2 status.” Id. 
C. Ground 1: Anticipation by MSI-H Study Record 
1. Prior Art Status of MSI-K Study Record 
Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H Study Record discloses an 
experimental use that does not qualify as prior art. PO Resp. 26–32. We 
address this threshold issue before proceeding with the analysis of claim 1. 
 Patent Owner argues that an inventor can be granted latitude to 
experiment in the public eye until her invention is ready for patenting. Id. at 
26 (citing Pfaff v. Wells Elecs., Inc., 525 U.S. 55, 65 (1998). According to 
Patent Owner, the experimental use negation applies to the MSI-H Study 
Record under a 13-factor analysis provided in Allen Eng’g Corp. v. Bartell 
Indus., Inc., 299 F.3d 1336, 1353 (Fed. Cir. 2002). PO Resp. 27–32. For 
example, Patent Owner argues that to establish that treatment of MSI-H 
cancers was effective, the inventors had to test the treatment in humans, 
there being no animal models, and had to publish the MSI-H Study Record 
on the government website under federal law. PO Resp. 27–28. Patent 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
22 
 
Owner argues further that the inventors had control over the MSI-H clinical 
study and that the field of cancer treatment was highly unpredictable, among 
other facts. Id. at 28. Patent Owner argues that “[a]t the time of the MSR’s 
posting, the claimed invention was not, nor could it have been, ready for 
patenting. The clinical study that ultimately collected the data reported in 
the patent Specification and supporting the patent claims had not and could 
not have commenced before the MSR was posted.” Id. at 30. 
In City of Elizabeth, the Supreme Court was concerned that “[i]t is 
sometimes said that an inventor acquires an undue advantage over the public 
by delaying to take out a patent, inasmuch as he thereby preserves the 
monopoly to himself for a longer period than is allowed by the policy of the 
law,” but held that “when the delay is occasioned by a bona fide effort to 
bring his invention to perfection, or to ascertain whether it will answer the 
purpose intended,” the experimental use exception can preserve the 
inventor’s rights. City of Elizabeth v. Am. Nicholson Pavement Co., 97 U.S. 
126, 137 (1877). 
With regard to whether Patent Owner could have filed an earlier 
patent application for the claimed subject matter, Patent Owner asserts that if 
its inventors had filed a “data-less provisional application mirroring the 
MSR” before the MSI-H clinical study was published, it would have been 
unable to satisfy the requirements of §101 and §112, creating a “catch-22 
scenario” wherein Patent Owner would not have been able to secure patent 
protection. PO Resp. 24–25. Patent Owner cites Barry v. Medtronic, Inc., 
914 F.3d 1310, 1322 (Fed. Cir. 2019), Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 
598 F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2010), and In re Fisher, 421 F.3d 1365, 1371 
(Fed. Cir. 2005), in support, asserting that these cases hold that a 
Specification cannot provide merely prophetic examples, that it must 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
23 
 
demonstrate possession by the inventors, and that it must convey that the 
claimed invention benefits the public. PO Resp. 24–25. 
Petitioner disagrees, arguing that “[i]t is well established . . . that there 
is no requirement to provide evidence from human clinical trials for claims 
to be patentable under §101 or §112.” Pet. Reply 9 (citing In re ’318 Patent 
Infringement Litig., 583 F.3d 1317, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (“human trials are 
not required for a therapeutic invention to be patentable”); Ex parte 
Balzarini, 1991 WL 332576 (BPAI 1991) (holding that even in situations 
where no art-recognized animal models exist, there is no decisional law that 
requires an applicant to provide data from human clinical trials)). Petitioner 
argues that “[a]nticipation does not require the actual creation or reduction to 
practice of the prior art subject matter; anticipation requires only an enabling 
disclosure.” Pet. 13–14 (citing Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharms., 339 F.3d 
1373, 1377 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (citations omitted)). According to Petitioner, 
actual administration of pembrolizumab to patients before the critical date of 
the ’462 patent is irrelevant. Id. at 13–16. 
Patent Owner does not direct us to evidence that it attempted to file 
any patent application before the publication date of the MSI-H clinical 
study and was denied an earlier filing date. Contrary to Patent Owner’s 
argument that it could not file a patent application without results from the 
MSI-H clinical study, we note that the inventors filed a provisional patent 
application on November 13, 2014, which, although also filed more than a 
year after the publication of the MSI-H clinical study, disclosed no clinical 
results or data. Ex. 1001, cover; Ex. 1030, 1. After considering the parties’ 
arguments, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s assertion that the 
inventors could not have filed an earlier application to at least attempt to 
secure a priority date before the MSI-H clinical study was publicly available. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
24 
 
We are not persuaded that the law prevented Patent Owner from obtaining 
an earlier filing date. Instead, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s argument 
that because the MSI-H clinical study was published before the inventors 
filed an application to protect their patent rights the MSI-H clinical study is 
prior art for the information it discloses. Accordingly, we proceed to 
analyze Petitioner’s contentions in Ground 1. 
2. Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–30 are 
anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. Pet. 13–37. To support its 
contention, Petitioner directs our attention to the foregoing disclosures of the 
MSI-H Study Record and provides a detailed claim analysis addressing how 
each element of claims 1–2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–30 is disclosed by the 
MSI-H Study Record. Petitioner supports this interpretation of the MSI-H 
Study Record with Dr. Neugut’s testimony. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 50–128. 
Additionally, Petitioner cites the holding in Schering Corp., 339 F.3d 
at 1377, that “a prior art reference may anticipate without disclosing a 
feature of the claimed invention if that missing characteristic is necessarily 
present, or inherent, in the single anticipating reference.” Pet. 13–14. 
Petitioner also cites to In re Montgomery, 677 F.3d 1375, 1382 (Fed. Cir. 
2012), for its holding that “even if [the documents disclosing a planned 
clinical study] merely proposed the administration of [the drug] for 
treatment or prevention of [the recited condition] (without actually doing 
so), it would still anticipate.” Pet. 15. Relying on those cases, Petitioner 
contends that “the MSI-H Study Record inherently anticipates claims 1–2, 
4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–30 of the ’462 patent because the claims are 
directed to the methods disclosed in the MSI-H Study Record.” Pet. 16. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
25 
 
Petitioner argues further that the treatment described in the MSI-H 
Study Record is written description support for the claimed method because 
the MSI-H Study Record teaches the claimed drug, given at the only 
therapeutically effective dosage described in the ’462 patent, and given to 
the claimed patient population. Id. Petitioner relies on Schering, 339 F.3d at 
1379, to argue that “if granting patent protection on the disputed claim 
would allow the patentee to exclude the public from practicing the prior art, 
then that claim is anticipated.” Pet. 13. 
a) Independent Claim 1 
Like the parties, our analysis focuses on independent claim 1. See 
e.g., Pet. 30–31 (relying substantially on analysis of claim 1 for independent 
claim 11). We analyze the parties’ contentions with regard to the limitations 
of claim 1 below. 
(1) [1.pre]: “A method for treating a patient” 
Petitioner argues that the MSI-H Study Record discloses a method of 
treating a patient that is the method set forth in this claim. Pet. 16. 
Specifically, Petitioner cites to the teaching in the Arms and Interventions 
section of a method of treating patients having non-colorectal MSI-H cancer, 
as recited in the preamble of claim 1.4 Id. (citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and 
Interventions), 2 (Study Identification), 3 (Study Description), 4 (Primary 
Outcome Measures), 5 (Inclusion Criteria); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 59–60). 
Patent Owner does not argue that the MSI-H Study Record does not 
disclose a method of treating a patient. See, generally, PO Response. We 
are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art at the time would have 
 
4 We need not decide whether the preamble is limiting as we find that the 
MSI-H Study Record discloses the preamble. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
26 
 
understood the MSI-H Study Record to teach “a method for treating a 
patient,” as recited in [1.pre]. 
(2) [1. pre.b]: “having a solid tumor” 
Petitioner contends that the MSI-H Study Record discloses that its 
patients have both tumors and measurable disease. Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1005, 
2 (Study Identification), 5–6 (Eligibility)). Petitioner contends that 
“[m]easurability is a property of solid tumors,” and that the MSI-H Study 
Record patients therefore had solid tumors. Id. (citing Ex. 1048, 228, 
230–31; Ex. 1003, ¶¶ 60–61). 
Patent Owner does not argue that the MSI-H Study Record does not 
disclose a method of treating a patient having a solid tumor. See, generally, 
PO Response. We are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art at the 
time would have understood the MSI-H Study Record to teach the method 
applied to a patient “having a solid tumor,” at recited in [1.pre.b]. 
(3) [1.pre.c]: “selected from the group consisting of 
endometrial cancer, small bowel cancer, gastric cancer, 
ampullary cancer, choloangiocarcinoma, pancreatic 
cancer, prostate cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, 
liver cancer, ovarian cancer, uterine cancer, cervical 
cancer, bladder cancer, testicular cancer and oral cancer” 
Petitioner contends that “MSI-H was known to occur commonly in 
several different types of cancers, including endometrial, small bowel 
cancer, and gastric cancer.” Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and 
Interventions), 2 (Study Identification), 3 (Study Description), 4 (Primary 
Outcome Measures), 5 (Inclusion Criteria); Ex. 1085,5 673, 675; Ex. 1003 
 
5 Imai et al., Carcinogenesis and Microsatellite Instability: The 
Interrelationship Between Genetics and Epigenetics, 29(4) 
CARCINOGENESIS 673 (2008). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
27 
 
¶¶ 25, 60–61, 63). Petitioner relies on Dr. Neugut’s testimony that 
endometrial, small bowel cancer, and gastric cancer are “common in Lynch 
syndrome, which was known at the time to be closely related to MSI-H.” Ex. 
1003 ¶ 63 (citing Ex. 1085, 673–74 (“DNA mismatch repair (MMR) 
deficiency results in a strong mutator phenotype and high-frequency 
microsatellite instability (MSI-H), which are the hallmarks of tumors arising 
within Lynch syndrome.”)); see also Ex. 1085, 673 (“Tumors of the Lynch 
syndrome . . . and some sporadic gastrointestinal and endometrial cancers 
belong to the MSI pathway.”). Thus, “the person of ordinary skill would 
have immediately pictured treating [patients with endometrial, small bowel, 
and gastric cancer] with the MSI-H Study Record’s methods” and that “the 
person of ordinary skill would have concluded that the limitation [listing 
recited types of cancer] was found in the MSI-H Study Record.” Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 63–64. Petitioner argues that, based on this disclosure, an ordinary 
skilled artisan would have “envisaged treating patients having endometrial, 
small bowel, and gastric cancer” using the MSI-H methods. Id. at 17–18. 
To begin, Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H Study Record cannot 
anticipate because it does not expressly or inherently disclose the claimed 
MSI-H cancers. PO Resp. 10–14. Patent Owner contends that the MSI-H 
Study Record provides no details or guidance about cancer types to be 
included in the third arm of patients, but only describes its third arm as “MSI 
Positive Non-Colorectal Cancer.” Id. at 10 (citing 1005, 4); see also id. 
(“Other than specifying the participant’s cancer must be noncolorectal, the 
MSR provides no details or guidance about cancer types to be included in 
that third arm.”). Patent Owner further contends that “MSI Positive Non-
Colorectal Cancer” is a large genus “comprising a large, and unknown, 
number of species” such that a person of ordinary skill in the art “would not 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
28 
 
envisage all its species, let alone the claimed subset of those species, based 
on the bare disclosure in the MSR.” PO Resp. at 14; see also PO Sur-Reply 
3 (Petitioner “identifies no common properties of non-CRC MSI-H cancer, 
or any other way a POSITA would have recognized the MSR discloses those 
cancers.”); Id. at 4 (Petitioner “has not shown that a POSITA would at once 
envisage the entire genus—meaning every one of its constituent species—
based on the MSR.”). Patent Owner acknowledges that the MSI-H Study 
Record discloses the “third arm” disclosed in the MSI-H Study Record “was 
open to all-comers with any MSI-H cancer other than CRC,” but argues that 
the disclosure of a genus in the prior art is not necessarily a disclosure of 
every species that is a member of the genus. PO Resp. 10–11 (citing Atofina 
v. Great Lakes Chem. Corp., 441 F.3d 991, 999 (Fed. Cir. 2006), Metabolite 
Lab’ys, Inc. v. Lab. Corp. of Am. Holdings, 370 F.3d 1354, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 
2004)). 
Next, Patent Owner argues that the Petition did not provide evidence 
of the number of species in the genus of “MSI Positive Non-Colorectal 
Cancers” and does not contend that one of ordinary skill would immediately 
appreciate the full scope of the genus. Id. at 13. Instead, Patent Owner 
argues that Petitioner focused on whether MSI-H was known to occur in its 
“hand-picked set of cancers.” Id. (citing Pet. 17). According to Patent 
Owner, the issue of whether MSI-H was known to occur in these cancers 
(endometrial, gastric, and small bowel cancer) is irrelevant because it 
overlooks the other MSI-H cancers recited in claim 1 and ignores the 
“unclaimed non-[colorectal] MSI-H cancers.” Id. at 12. According to 
Patent Owner, the size of the non-colorectal cancers included in the MSI-H 
Study Record is large and there is no support for a conclusion that a person 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
29 
 
of ordinary skill in the art could have at once envisaged each member. Id. at 
13. 
Patent Owner argues that the Petition overstates the understanding one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have of MSI-H cancers. PO Resp. at 12 
(citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 103). According to Patent Owner, only endometrial 
cancer “was tested for MSI-H as a part of standard care at the time of the 
invention—and it was only tested to identify familial susceptibility (not in 
relationship to treatment).” Id. (citing Ex. 2090 ¶ 79). Patent Owner further 
cites inventor Le’s testimony that the MSI-H Study Record investigators had 
difficulty recruiting MSI-H patients for the non-colorectal cancer arm of the 
study because such testing was not routinely done in non-colorectal cancers. 
Id. at 12–13 (citing Ex. 2130 ¶ 12). This evidence, though, does not 
persuade us of what one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
from the disclosure of the MSI-H Study Record. 
In contrast, the testimony of Patent Owner’s witness, Dr. Goldberg, 
supports Petitioner’s argument of the knowledge in the art at the time, 
wherein Dr. Goldberg testifies that “[w]hile many clinical oncologists were 
aware that patients with Lynch Syndrome had a defect in DNA mismatch 
repair, they associated MSI testing with young onset colorectal and 
endometrial cancer and patients with a family history of colorectal and/or 
endometrial cancer.” Ex. 2090 ¶ 79. Similarly, during his deposition, Dr. 
Goldberg also agreed that endometrial, gastric, and small-bowel cancers 
would come to mind when he saw a reference to MSI-high non-colorectal 
cancer. See Ex. 1243, 115:5–116:22 (Q. And so does endometrial cancer 
come to mind when you see reference to MSI-high non-colorectal cancers? . 
. . A. Yes. Q. As . . . a person of skill in the field, when you see reference to 
MSI-high non-colorectal cancers, does gastric cancer come to mind? . . . A. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
30 
 
I believe it was listed among the items that I stated when you asked me what 
comes to mind. So the answer is yes. Q. As a person of skill in the field, 
when you see reference to MSI-high non-colorectal cancers, does small 
bowel cancer come to mind? . . . A. Yes.”). Patent Owner does not direct us 
to other evidence contradicting Petitioner’s argument that MSI-H was 
known to occur in endometrial, small bowel, and gastric cancer. Pet. 18. 
Patent Owner argues that the Petition does not consider the breadth of 
the genus disclosed in the MSI Study Record and does not argue or provide 
evidence to show that one of ordinary skill in the art could have envisaged 
each species within that genus. PO Resp. 11–14. We are not persuaded that 
either the size of the genus in the MSI Study Record or whether one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have been able to envisage every species 
within it is dispositive of whether the MSI Study Record anticipates claim 1, 
where one of ordinary skill in the art would have known that specific cancers 
recited in claim 1 would be included in the MSI Study Record. As Petitioner 
argues, claim 1 requires that “a patient…selected from the group consisting 
of [the listed cancers]” be tested and treated. Pet. Reply 10 (emphasis 
original). Claim 1 does not require that the patient have each and every one 
of the sixteen listed cancers to anticipate the claim. Rather, claim 1 requires 
testing a sample from “a patient” with one of the recited types of cancer and 
treating the patient. See Brown v. 3M, 265 F.3d 1349, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2001) 
(“When a claim covers several structures or compositions, either generically 
or as alternatives, the claim is deemed anticipated if any of the structures or 
compositions within the scope of the claim is known in the prior art.”). 
Patent Owner argues further that In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 1338 
(Fed. Cir. 2009), supports its position, requiring that one of ordinary skill in 
the art must at once envisage all MSI-H non-colorectal cancer types included 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
31 
 
in the MSI Study Record, not just one or even a subset of the claimed cancer 
types, in order for the MSI Study Record to anticipate claim 1. PO Sur-
Reply 2. Gleave states: 
For the purposes of whether they are anticipatory, lists and 
genera are often treated differently under our case law. 
Compare Perricone v. Medicis Pharm. Corp., 432 F.3d 1368, 
1376 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (rejecting “the notion that [a compound] 
cannot anticipate because it appears without special emphasis in 
a longer list”) with Atofina v. Great Lakes Chem. Corp., 441 
F.3d 991, 999 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (“It is well established that the 
disclosure of a genus in the prior art is not necessarily a 
disclosure of every species that is a member of that genus.”). 
This distinction collapses when the class of compounds that 
falls within the genus is so limited that a person of ordinary 
skill in the art can “at once envisage each member of this 
limited class.” Eli Lilly, 471 F.3d at 1376. In that limited 
circumstance, a reference describing the genus anticipates every 
species within the genus. See Perricone, 432 F.3d at 1377. 
In re Gleave, 560 F.3d at 1337–38. This portion of Gleave, cited by Patent 
Owner, does not hold that a reference anticipates only when all species either 
disclosed in the reference or recited in the challenged claim can be 
envisioned, but rather that when each species of the prior art genus could be 
envisaged, the genus is anticipatory. 
Nothing in Gleave or any other reference cited by Patent Owner 
refutes the patent law concept that a claim encompassing a species is 
anticipated if a prior art disclosure leads to a genus small enough that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would at once envisage the claimed 
species. See Brown, 265 F.3d at 1351; In re Slayter, 276 F.2d 408, 411 
(CCPA 1960) (“[A] generic claim cannot be allowed to an applicant if the 
prior art discloses a species falling within the claimed genus.”); In re 
Gosteli, 872 F.2d 1008 (Fed. Cir. 1989) (holding that a claim reciting a 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
32 
 
genus of twenty-one specific chemical species in a Markush group is 
anticipated by prior art that discloses two of the chemical species). 
Patent Owner attempts to distinguish Brown by arguing that its 
holding is limited to anticipation of a claimed genus through disclosure of 
individual species, whereas the facts of this case involve the disclosure of a 
genus. PO Resp. 14. Because the facts before us, including the testimony of 
Patent Owner’s witness, indicate that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have immediately understood that the third arm of the study described in the 
MSI-H Study Record includes patients with cancers recited in claim 1, 
including endometrial, gastric, and small-bowel cancers, we are persuaded 
that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that the MSI-H 
Study Record discloses species that fall within the scope of claim 1. 
Ex. 2090 ¶ 79; Ex. 1243, 115:5–116:22; Ex. 1085, 673–75; Ex. 1086,6 14; 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 25, 63; Ex. 1005, 4. We are not persuaded that where species 
falling within the scope of claim 1 were previously known and disclosed in 
MSI-H Study Record, that claim 1 is patentable over the MSI-H Study 
Record. See Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 
1381 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (“a reference can anticipate a claim even if it ‘d[oes] 
not expressly spell out’ all the limitations arranged or combined as in the 
claim, if a person of skill in the art, reading the reference, would ‘at once 
envisage’” the claimed arrangement or combination.” (quoting In re 
Petering, 301 F.2d 676, 681 (CCPA 1962)). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and the evidence presented, 
we are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art at the time would have 
 
6 Cheung et al., Current Advance in Small Bowel Tumors, 44(1) CLINICAL 
ENDOSCOPY 13 (2011). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
33 
 
understood the MSI-H Study Record to teach “a method for treating a 
patient having a solid tumor selected from the group consisting of 
endometrial cancer, small bowel cancer, gastric cancer,” and thus teaches the 
corresponding limitation of claim 1 by anticipating the genus of the recited 
cancers. 
(4) [1.pre.d]: “that has progressed following at least one prior 
treatment, the method comprising:” 
Petitioner alleges that the MSI-H Study Record discloses that, to 
participate, eligible patients must have “tumors” and “measurable disease,” 
which Dr. Neugut testifies would include metastatic and advanced non-
colorectal cancers in the context of the MSI-H Study Record. Pet. 19–21 
(citing Ex. 1005, 2–6 (Study Identification, Study Design, Eligibility 
(excluding patients with prior PD-1 and other antibody treatment); Ex. 1003 
¶ 65). According to Dr. Neugut, in the context of the MSI-H Study Record 
and its disclosures, “the person of ordinary skill would have concluded that 
patients in the MSI-H study would have generally received a prior cancer 
therapy drug and had their solid tumors progress after receiving that prior 
treatment.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 65. 
Dr. Neugut further testifies that patients with metastatic and advanced 
endometrial, small bowel, and gastric cancer “would have generally received 
at least one other prior drug therapy, such as standard of care chemotherapy, 
and had their cancers progress following that drug therapy.” Id. ¶ 67 (citing 
Ex. 1089 at PDF p. 17 (endometrial); Ex. 1020 at PDF p. 25 (small bowel); 
Ex. 1094 at PDF p. 12, 15 (gastric cancer patients would generally receive a 
standard first line therapy, unless diagnosis was late stage)). Dr. Neugut 
observes that the Eligibility section of the MSI-H Study Record takes care to 
exclude patients having had prior treatment with certain antibodies. 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
34 
 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 68. Dr. Neugut interprets this exclusion as supporting his 
opinion that such patients would have received a prior cancer therapy drug 
to treat their tumor because otherwise, the study would not have 
purposefully excluded patients treated with these antibodies. Id. Rather, if 
the prior therapies had worked, these patients would not have participated in 
the MSI-H Study Record due to their progressing disease. Id. Dr. Neugut 
cites to a poster presentation describing the MSI-H Study Record as 
requiring that patients have “progressive disease” and have had prior 
therapies. Id. ¶ 70. 
Dr. Oberstein testifies that he agrees with Dr. Neugut. Ex. 1150 
¶¶ 63–69. Dr. Oberstein testifies that because the eligibility criteria stated in 
the MSI-H Study Record requires patients to have “measurable disease,” one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have expected a patient to have undergone 
prior cancer therapies and would have had their cancer progress after those 
therapies prior to enrollment. Id. at ¶ 65. Dr. Oberstein testifies that it is 
reasonable to assume that patients would typically have received the two 
standard chemotherapy regimens before trying a novel therapeutic agent. Id. 
Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H Study Record is silent about 
whether eligible patients must have had prior, failed treatment and that 
Petitioner’s “assertions that a patient ‘generally’ . . . would have received a 
prior treatment is not enough to meet the high burden for an inherency 
finding.” PO Resp. 16–17. 
Patent Owner cites evidence to show that, instead, it was known that 
some cancer patients can proceed directly to clinical trials even without prior 
treatment. Id. at 17–19. First, Patent Owner cites published guidelines for 
the management of patients with gastric cancer. Id. at 17 (citing Ex. 1096, 
533, 537; Ex. 2072 ¶ 106). But Patent Owner fails to explain the flow 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
35 
 
diagrams in the cited pages of this publication and, although there is mention 
of “clinical trial” for “Unresectable locally advanced, locally recurrent or 
metastatic disease,” it is not clear that this is recommended in the absence of 
different or prior cancer therapy. Ex. 1096, 533, 537. Second, Patent Owner 
cites published guidelines on treating colon cancer that state: “Although the 
guidelines are believed to represent the optimal treatment strategy, the panel 
believes that, when appropriate, patients should preferentially be included in 
a clinical trial over standard or accepted therapy.” Ex. 1009, 1029.7 
Patent Owner’s evidence is directed to general knowledge in the field, 
not to the specific understandings of one of ordinary skill in the art when 
reviewing the MSI-H Study Record, such as is provided by Dr. Neugut’s 
declaration testimony regarding the content of the MSI-H Study Record. 
Patent Owner cites Dr. Lonberg’s testimony that the MSI-H Study Record 
“says nothing about . . . cancer progression.” Ex. 2072 ¶ 105; PO Resp. 18. 
Dr. Lonberg disagrees with Dr. Neugut’s interpretation of the term 
“measurable disease” in the MSI-H Study Record. Id. ¶ 106 (“While 
measurable cancer refers to a cancer that has a minimum size (e.g., as 
determined by imaging), this has little to do with whether or not a patient’s 
cancer has progressed after the patient received prior therapies.”). But Dr. 
Lonberg fails to testify that one of ordinary skill in the art would not have 
understood the MSI-H Study Record in 2013 to teach treating patients who 
had received prior/different cancer therapies, wherein the patients’ cancer 
had progressed after the patients received the prior/different cancer 
therapies. 
 
7 We cite to the reference’s published page number. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
36 
 
On balance, we find Petitioner’s evidence more persuasive of what 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from the MSI-H Study 
Record. As Patent Owner argues, the MSI-H Study Record was updated in 
2016 to add the “express requirement for a prior treatment.” PO Resp. 18 
(citing Ex. 2165, 8; Ex. 2166, 8). We have considered this argument but 
find that this update alone does not indicate that the MSI-H Study Record as 
it appeared in 2013 was outside the scope of the challenged claims. See Ex. 
1150 ¶ 65 (Dr. Oberstein testifying that “it is reasonable to assume that 
patients would typically receive [the two standard chemotherapy regimens 
(FOLFOX and FOLFIRI) for colorectal cancer] before trying a novel 
therapeutic agent.”). It is also not clear whether the MSI-H Study Record 
was updated to reflect a change to the study or merely a clarification. The 
update by itself is not dispositive evidence of whether one of ordinary skill 
in the art would have understood the 2013 version of the MSI-H Study 
Record to teach treating patients who had received a “different cancer 
therapy” or “prior cancer therapy,” and the patient’s cancer to have 
progressed “after the patient received the different cancer therapy” or 
“following the prior cancer therapy.” We find Dr. Neugut’s and Dr. 
Oberstein’s testimony, and Dr. Lonberg’s lack of clear testimony to the 
contrary, persuasive as to this issue. 
In light of the cited testimony, we are persuaded that Petitioner has 
met its burden of proving whether a skilled artisan would reasonably 
understand or infer that the limitation for a solid tumor that has progressed 
following at least one prior cancer treatment was disclosed in the MSI-H 
Study Record. Petitioner demonstrates what one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood from the MSI-H Study Record, not what it 
inherently discloses. Contra PO Resp. 15–19. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
37 
 
(5) [1.1]: “testing or having tested a biological sample 
obtained from the patient to determine whether the solid 
tumor is microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch 
repair deficient; and” 
Petitioner contends that the Arms and Interventions section of the 
MSI-H Study Record teaches this limitation in claim 1. Pet. 23–25. 
Specifically, Petitioner contends that this section of “the MSI-H Study 
Record discloses three study arms, one of which consists of patients having 
MSI-H non-colorectal cancer. Id. at 23 (citing Ex. 1005, 2–6 (Arms and 
Interventions, Study Identification, Study Design, Eligibility). Petitioner 
contends that “MSI positive” patients identified in the MSI-H Study Record 
are MSI-H patients as taught by the prior art as affirmed by an inventor 
during prosecution. Id. (citing Exs. 1010, 1193, 1196; Ex. 1018, 293; Ex. 
1019, 1065; Ex. 1003, ¶¶ 27, 72; June 28, 2022, Declaration of Dr. Pardoll, 
7–8, ¶¶ 21–23). Dr. Neugut testifies that the MSI-H Study Record’s 
description of treating patients with “MSI-H positive” cancer “also discloses 
treating patients with a mismatch repair deficiency (“dMMR”) because 
MSI-H is caused by dMMR. Id. at 24 (citing Ex. 1010, 1192; Ex. 1003, 
¶¶ 27–29, 73). 
Petitioner also relies on Dr. Neugut’s testimony that “the MSI-H 
Study Record required testing or having tested ‘a biological sample obtained 
from a patient’ in order to place the patients into the proper arm.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1005, 2–6 (Arms and Interventions, Study Identification, Study Design, 
Eligibility); Ex. 1003 ¶ 74). 
In view of the above, and after review of the entire record, we 
determine that Petitioner has sufficiently demonstrated that the MSI-H Study 
Record discloses this limitation. Patent Owner does not argue to the 
contrary. See generally, PO Resp. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
38 
 
(6) [1.2]: “in response to determining that the solid tumor 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient, treating the patient determined to have a solid 
tumor that is microsatellite instability high or DNA 
mismatch repair deficient with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab.” 
Petitioner argues that the MSI-H Study Record anticipates this 
limitation in claim 1 because the Arms and Interventions section discloses 
treating patients having MSI-H non-colorectal cancer with 10 mg/kg of 
pembrolizumab every 14 days. Pet. 25–26 (citing Ex. 1005, 2–6 (Arms and 
Interventions, Study Identification, Study Design, Eligibility); see also 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 76–79 (Dr. Neugut’s testimony that the dosage described in the 
MSI-H Study Record is the same as the dosage described as being 
therapeutically effective in the ’462 patent); compare Ex. 1001, 4:23–36, 
8:51–58, 13:30–37. Petitioner argues that, based on the identity of the 
dosage, “any required efficacy is thus inherent to that dosage.” Pet. 25 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 40–41, 77–78). 
Patent Owner does not argue the identity or efficacy of the dosage of 
pembrolizumab. See generally, PO Resp. 
Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H Study Record does not disclose 
treating any of the 16 cancers recited in claim 1 “in response to determining 
that the patient’s cancer is [MSI-H]” because nothing in the MSI-H Study 
Record teaches identifying any of the claimed cancer types as having the 
MSI-H biomarker and, in response to that determination, treating with 
pembrolizumab. PO Resp. 15 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 104). 
As explained above, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments and 
the cited evidence that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
and envisaged the MSI-H Study Record to include patients with at least 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
39 
 
endometrial, small bowel, or gastric cancers. We are further persuaded that 
the MSI-H Study Record teaches treating these patients in response to the 
determination that these patient’s tumors were MSI-H in the third arm of the 
MSI-H Study Record. Patent Owner’s arguments about the failure of the 
MSI-H Study Record to expressly identify any of the cancers recited in 
claim 1 do not persuade us otherwise. Instead, we are persuaded that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood that the MSI-H Study Record 
teaches testing a patient with a non-colorectal cancer, such as endometrial, 
small bowel, or gastric cancers, to determine if the patient has an MSI-H 
tumor and, if the tumor is determined to be MSI-H, treating the patient with 
an amount of pembrolizumab described as being therapeutically effective in 
the ’462 patent. 
Accordingly, we are persuaded that the MSI-H Study Record teaches 
this limitation of claim 1. 
(7) Patent Owner’s Remaining Arguments. 
In addition to arguing that the MSI-H Study Record does not teach 
specific elements recited in claim 1, Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H 
Study Record cannot anticipate claim 1 because it does not inherently 
disclose the clinical results of the study described in the MSI-H Study 
Record and because the MSI-H Study Record proposed an experimental use 
disqualifying it as prior art. PO Resp. 20–32. 
 Patent Owner argues that Petitioner inappropriately relies on In re 
Montgomery, 677 F.3d at 1381, 1385, to support the assertion of inherent 
anticipation of the claimed method. PO Resp. 20–24; Pet. 15 (“In In re 
Montgomery, the Federal Circuit held that a document disclosing a planned 
clinical study inherently anticipated method of treatment claims even where 
the method of treatment had not yet been practiced.”). Patent Owner argues 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
40 
 
that because the MSI-H Study Record is only an initial submission for an 
experimental trial that had not yet begun recruiting patients or obtaining 
experimental data, it was merely an “invitation to investigate” from which 
the results claimed by the ’187 Patent did not “inevitably flow.” PO Resp. 
21. Patent Owner cites the testimony of inventor Le to argue that, at the 
time the MSI-H Study Record was posted, the inventors had only a 
hypothesis based on a single patient’s response to a different drug, lacking 
even preliminary animal data. Id. (citing Ex. 2130 ¶¶ 10, 22). Patent Owner 
argues further that the inventors only knew the drug had been unsuccessful 
in other studies and that the outcome of the MSI-H Study Record was not 
assured. Id. at 21–22 (citing Ex. 2090 ¶ 57; Ex. 20248; Ex. 10139). 
According to Patent Owner, “the MSR was a far cry from meeting 
Montgomery’s inevitability requirement for inherent anticipation,” being 
design only to test the hypothesis that MSI-H might correlate with a 
response to treatment with pembrolizumab, rather than to secure regulatory 
approval. PO Resp. 22–24; Ex. 2072 ¶ 118. 
We do not doubt that the inventors were unaware of the results of the 
study described in the MSI-H Study Record before it was concluded, but we 
are not persuaded that the MSI-H Study Record is so vague it does not teach 
the steps expressly recited in claim 1. Regardless of the inventors’ intent in 
publishing the MSI-H Study Record as a Stage II clinical trial on the 
 
8 Brahmer et al., Phase I Study of Single-Agent Anti–Programmed 
Death-1 (MDX-1106) in Refractory Solid Tumors: Safety, Clinical 
Activity, Pharmacodynamics, and Immunologic Correlates, 28(19) J. CLIN. 
ONCOLOGY 3167 (July 1, 2010). 
9 Topalian et al., Safety, Activity, and Immune Correlates of Anti–PD- 
1 Antibody in Cancer, 366(26) NEW ENG. J. MED. 2443 (June 28, 
2012). 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
41 
 
www.clinicaltrials.gov website, as discussed above, we determine that one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have known that the MSI-H Study Record 
teaches testing a biological sample from a patient having either endometrial, 
small bowel, or gastric cancer to determine if the patient’s cancer is MSI-H 
or dMMR and, if so, treating the patient with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab. See, e.g., Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions). 
The result of drug treatment inherently follows its administration. The MSI-
H Study Record does not merely suggest that pembrolizumab may be useful 
in some unidentified subset of cancer patients or suggest that some 
unidentified drug may be useful for MSI-H cancer patients. Instead, the 
MSI-H Study Record discloses testing patients with cancers known to be 
associated with MSI-H, as recited in claim 1, and treating with the drug 
recited in claim 1 if the cancer was determined to be MSI-H. See Metabolite 
Labs., 370 F.3d at 1367 (holding that the prior art did not inherently 
anticipate where it failed to mention specific vitamin deficiencies, instead 
merely inviting further experimentation to find associations with metabolic 
perturbations). 
Montgomery states that “even if the claim includes an efficacy 
requirement, efficacy is inherent in carrying out the claim steps,” referring to 
a claimed method of treating or preventing stroke, which was held to be 
anticipated by the publication of a proposed study. 677 F.3d at 1381. Patent 
Owner attempts to distinguish the size and apparent surety of the study in 
Montgomery from the MSI-H Study Record. PO Resp. 23–24. But because 
we find that the MSI-H Study Record teaches performing the steps recited in 
claim 1 for the purpose of determining and treating MSI-H colorectal cancer, 
we are persuaded that the MSI-H Study Record anticipates the results of 
administration of the drug treatment recited in those steps. See Bristol-

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
42 
 
Myers Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs., Inc., 246 F.3d 1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 
2001) (“the claimed process here is not directed to a new use; it is the same 
use, and it consists of the same steps as described by Kris. Newly 
discovered results of known processes directed to the same purpose are not 
patentable because such results are inherent.”). Whether or not the MSI-H 
Study Record could have provided results or was sufficient for full 
regulatory approval does not change that the MSI-H Study Record teaches 
Patent Owner’s claimed steps. 
(8) Summary for Claim 1 
 The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the MSI-H Study Record teaches each and every element of claim 1. 
We are not persuaded otherwise by Patent Owner’s arguments. Accordingly, 
we determine that claim 1 is anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
b) Independent Claim 11 
Patent Owner does not present separate arguments against Petitioner’s 
challenge to claim 11 as being anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. See, 
e.g., PO Resp. 15, 16 (referring to claims 1 and 11 together). For the reasons 
discussed above regarding claim 1, we are persuaded that claim 11 is 
anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
c) Dependent Claims 
(1) Claims 6, 16, 24, 28, and 30 
Petitioner argues that claims 6, 16, 24, 28, and 30 are anticipated by 
the MSI-H Study Record. Pet. 28, 32, 34, and 36. Claims 6, 16, 24, 28, and 
30 each require that the cancer treated according to the claimed method is 
“metastatic.” As discussed above, the MSI-H Study Record indicated that, 
“before receiving treatment based on the MSI-H Study Record, patients 
would have generally received a prior cancer therapy drug and had their 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
43 
 
solid tumors progress after receiving that prior treatment.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 65; 
see also id. ¶ 86 (“the MSI-H Study indicates that the physicians understood 
postings on clinicaltrials.gov indicated that patients had ‘metastatic 
tumors.’”) (citing Ex. 1049,10 444; Ex. 1050,11 S4). Specifically, one 2015 
publication refers to the clinical trial number of the MSI-H Study Record 
and states: “pembrolizumab is being tested in metastatic tumors with 
microsatellite instability, including colorectal cancer (NCT01876511).” Ex. 
1049, 444. Another 2015 publication, entitled “Novel Therapies in 
Development for Metastatic Colorectal Cancer,” refers to the MSI-H Study 
Record (“NCT01876511”) as “Phase II clinical trials in development 
investigating immunotherapy in MSI-H mCRC,” wherein “mCRC” is 
defined as metastatic colorectal cancer. Ex. 1050, S2, S4. 
Patent Owner argues that the MSI-H Study Record does not disclose 
treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer and that the disclosure of 
“measurable disease” is not a teaching of metastatic cancer because 
“measurable disease” is not synonymous with metastatic cancer. PO Resp. 
19–20. In support, Patent Owner cites to Dr. Neugut’s testimony that 
“metastatic” and “measurable” are “totally different terms,” wherein 
metastatic tumors are not necessarily measurable. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 68; 
Ex. 2163, 14:9–15:12). 
Even if Dr. Neugut’s reasoning that the reference to “measurable” 
disease in the MSI-H Study Record would have indicated patients having 
 
10 Matikas et al., The Place of Targeted Agents in the Treatment of 
Elderly Patients with Metastatic Colorectal Cancer, 7(1) CANCERS 
439 (March 13, 2015). 
11 Lee et al., Novel Therapies in Development for Metastatic Colorectal 
Cancer, 7(4 Supp. 1) GASTROINTESTINAL CANCER RESEARCH S2 
(September 2015). 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
44 
 
metastatic cancer is flawed, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence of 
publications referring to the MSI-H Study Record as a study of metastatic 
colorectal cancer that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
the MSI-H Study Record to disclose treating patients with metastatic 
colorectal cancer. See Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050, S4. Patent Owner does not 
address this evidence. 
We are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence that claims 6, 16, 24, 28, 
and 30 are anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
d) Claims 2, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 17, 19–23, 25–27, and 29 
Petitioner argues that claims 2, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 17, 19–23, 
25–27, and 29 are also anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. Pet. 27–29, 
32–36. Patent Owner does not argue these claims separately. 
Briefly, Petitioner argues that claims 2 and 12, which require the 
biological sample to be a tumor tissue from the patient, are anticipated by 
the MSI-H Study Record because the Eligibility Criteria section of the MSI-
H Study Record requires each patient to “[a]gree to have a biopsy of their 
cancer” and Dr. Neugut testifies that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood that a biopsy of a patient’s tumor obtains tumor tissue for 
testing. Ex. 1005, 5–6; Ex. 1003 ¶ 80. 
Petitioner argues that claims 4, 5, 14, 15, 22, 23, 26, 27, and 29, which 
require that the colorectal cancer be microsatellite high or DNA mismatch 
repair deficient, are anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record because the 
MSI-H Study Record teaches treating colorectal cancer patients whose 
tumors are determined to be MSI-H or dMMR. Pet. 27, 28, 32, 35, and 36 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 82–85, 104–105, 112–115, 120–123, 126). 
Petitioner argues that claims 7 and 17, which require the 
pembrolizumab to be administered to the patient intravenously is anticipated 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
45 
 
by the MSI-H Study Record because one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood at the time that pembrolizumab for the treatment of cancer 
was administered intravenously. Pet. 28–29, 32 (citing Ex. 1011, 134 (“We 
administered [pembrolizumab] intravenously.”); Ex. 1054,12 3; Ex. 1055,13 1 
(“Administer 2 mg/kg as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every 3 
weeks.”); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 88–89). 
Petitioner argues that claims 9, 10, 19, 20, 21, 25, and 29, which 
require the solid tumor to be, endometrial cancer, small bowel cancer, 
gastric cancer, ampullary cancer, cholangiocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, 
prostate cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, liver cancer, ovarian 
cancer, uterine cancer, cervical cancer, bladder cancer, testicular cancer or 
oral cancer. See Pet 29, 33, 35–36 (citing Ex. 1089, 39; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 90–91, 
92–93, 108–111, 118–119, 126) 
In view of the above, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence that 
each of claims 2, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 17, 19–23, and 25–27 are 
anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
3. Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that the preponderance of the 
evidence supports Petitioner’s argument that the MSI-H Study Record 
teaches each and every element of the challenged dependent claims. We are 
not persuaded otherwise by Patent Owner’s arguments pertaining to these 
 
12 Ascierto, et al., “Future perspectives in melanoma research: 
meeting report from the “Melanoma Bridge”, Napoli, December 5th-8th 
2013” J. TRANSLATNL. MED. 12:277, 1–29 (2014). 
13 September 4, 2014 Keytruda Package Insert, available at 
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2014/125514 
lbl.pdf 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
46 
 
claims. Accordingly, we determine that claims 1–2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 
19–30 are anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
D. Ground 2: Obviousness over MSI-H Study Record, Brown, Duval, 
and Benson 
Petitioner presents alternative grounds of challenge to claims 1–2, 
4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–30 of the ’462 patent under 35 U.S.C. § 103, as an 
alternative to the challenge under 35 U.S.C. § 102, to address certain 
arguments by Patent Owner. Pet. 41–51. In regard to Ground 2, challenging 
the patentability of claims, Petitioner cites to Brown, Duval, and Benson, in 
addition to the MSI-H Study Record. Id. According to Petitioner, this 
ground of challenge is raised to address potential arguments by Patent 
Owner that the MSI-H Study Record cannot anticipate because 
(1) the MSI-H Study Record does not disclose an improved outcome and 
that one of ordinary skill in the art would not have expected such efficacy, 
(2) the MSI-H Study Record does not disclose testing a patient for MSI-H or 
MMR deficiency status, and/or (3) the MSI-H Study Record does not teach 
specific types of cancer, as well as arguments that related to dependent 
claims. Pet. 41. 
In regard to the first potential argument, that the MSI-H Study Record 
does not disclose an improved outcome and/or that such efficacy would not 
have been expected, Petitioner cites to Brown as teaching that PD-1 
inhibitors are inherently more effective when treating tumors comprised of 
cells that are easy for immune cells to recognize. Pet. 42 (citing Ex. 1034, 
747). Petitioner argues further that Duval teaches that MSI-H cancers have 
cells that are easy for immune cells to recognize. Id. (citing Ex. 1087, 
5002). Dr. Neugut’s testimony supports Petitioner’s argument that the cited 
teachings of Brown and Duval, as well as other references, would have 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
47 
 
motivated a person of ordinary skill in the art to obtain the results of the 
MSI-H Study Record. See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 124, 130, 132, 136. Petitioner 
argues further that Brown and Duval would have motivated one of ordinary 
skill in the art to obtain the results of the MSI-H Study Record by treating 
patients with common types of MSI-H cancers, including endometrial, small 
bowel, and gastric cancers. Pet. 42–43 (citing Ex. 1003, ¶ 136). 
Petitioner argues further that the state of the art, as demonstrated by 
Brown and Duval, as well as other references, would have provided one of 
ordinary skill in the art with a reasonable expectation of success because 
physicians were actively treating patients with cancers that were known to 
be MSI-H with PD-1 inhibitors. Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1016; Ex. 1017; Ex. 
1003 ¶¶ 131–132). 
According to Petitioner, these other references would have 
“independently urged” those of ordinary skill in the art to treat MSI-H 
cancer with PD-1 inhibitors or other immunotherapy, such as 
pembrolizumab, and would have given them a reasonable expectation of 
success. Pet. 44–45. Petitioner cites, along with other references, Pernot, 
which states “[colorectal cancers] associated with MSI could lead to a more 
intense immune response, but also to specific immunoregulatory 
phenomena, making them good candidates for immunotherapy.” Ex. 1006,14 
3741; see Pet. 43. Petitioner also cites Champiat, which states that 
if high levels of mutational heterogeneity increase the tumor 
immunogenicity, it will be interesting to evaluate the clinical 
activity of PD-1/PD-L1 agents in DNA mismatch repair (MM)- 
deficient tumors, such as microsatellite instability (MSI)+ 
 
14 Pernot et al., Colorectal Cancer and Immunity: What We Know and 
Perspectives, 20(14) WORLD J. GASTROENTEROLOGY 3738 (April 2014) (Ex. 
1006) (“Pernot”). 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
48 
 
colorectal carcinoma as well as BRCA1 and 2 neoplasms 
(breast cancer 1 and 2, early onset), all of which display severe 
genomic instability. 
 
Ex. 1032,15 e27817-5; see Pet. 43. Petitioner argues, citing Dr. Neugut’s 
testimony, that although these references are in the context of MSI-H 
colorectal cancer, one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
their teachings to apply to other MSI-H cancers because small bowel cancer 
is often treated similarly to colorectal cancer. Pet. 44 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 139). 
Petitioner argues further that if Patent Owner argues the MSI-H Study 
Record does not expressly teach testing to determine if a patient’s cancer is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient, the MSI-H 
Study Record would have at least motivated those of ordinary skill in the art 
to undergo such testing to be placed in the proper study arm. Pet. 45–46 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 141). Petitioner also argues that testing a biological 
sample from a patent for MSI-H was routine in the art at the time of filing. 
Id., 45 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 141). 
Regarding claims 6, 16, 24, 28, and 30, challenged under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 103, Petitioner cites Benson (Ex. 1009) for its teachings of the ways in 
which clinical studies involving colorectal and small bowel cancer are 
conducted. See Pet. 48–51 (citing Ex. 1009, 1034.) These claims require 
treating patients who had previously been treated with a cancer therapy drug 
and whose cancers had progressed or who have metastatic cancer. See Ex. 
1001, 26:11–27:17. Petitioner argues that, to the extent Patent Owner 
 
15 Champiat et al., Exomics and Immunogenics Bridging Mutational Load 
and Immune Checkpoints Efficacy, 3(1) OncoImmunology e27817-
1(January 2014) (Ex. 1032) (“Champiat”). 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
49 
 
asserts the MSI-H Study Record does not disclose treating patients with 
these characteristics, Benson teaches that, under the standard of care, 
patients having tumors and measurable disease who would take part in a 
clinical study are generally patients who have had their cancer progress after 
previous drug therapies. Pet. 49 (citing Ex. 1009, 1034). Petitioner cites to 
other references to demonstrate that, also under the standard of care, patients 
with tumors and measurable disease who would take part in a clinical study 
are patients with metastatic, advanced, and recurrent disease. Pet. 49–50 
(citing Ex. 1089,16 17; Ex. 1094,17 15; Ex. 1020,18 251). 
Petitioner argues, citing Dr. Neugut’s testimony, that patients in a 
clinical study such as the MSI-H Study Record describes would be patients 
who had already received standard of care treatment but did not respond to 
this treatment, and would not have been expected to respond to additional 
standard of care treatment. Pet. 50–51 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 147). Petitioner 
further cites to Dr. Neugut’s testimony that the patient population with 
tumors and measurable disease who would take part in a clinical study are 
patients with metastatic, advanced, and recurrent disease. Id. (citing Ex. 
1003 ¶ 147). 
According to Petitioner, given the teachings of Benson, those of 
ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to combine the teachings 
 
16 National Comprehensive Cancer Network, NCCN Clinical Practice 
Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines®) Uterine Neoplasms Version 
1.2014 (November 27, 2013) (Ex. 1089). 
17 National Comprehensive Cancer Network, NCCN Clinical Practice 
Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines®) Gastric Cancer Version 
1.2014 (May 30, 2014) (Ex. 1094). 
18 National Comprehensive Cancer Network, NCCN Clinical Practice 
Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines®) Colon Cancer Version 3.2014 
(January 27, 2014) (Ex. 1020). 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
50 
 
of the cited references and would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success in achieving the methods recited in dependent claims 6, 16, 24, 28, 
and 30. See Pet. 50–51. 
For the reasons stated above in our discussion of Ground 1, we are 
persuaded that the claims Petitioner challenges as being anticipated by the 
MSI-H Study Record would have been obvious over the MSI-H Study 
Record and other references. See In re McDaniel, 293 F.3d 1379, 1385 
(Fed. Cir. 2002) (“anticipation if the epitome of obviousness”). 
Patent Owner also presents objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that it asserts demonstrates the patentability of the claimed methods. PO 
Resp. 55–82. The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, skepticism, 
long-felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of the claimed 
methods. Id. Because we determine, as discussed above, that the methods 
recited in claims 1–2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–30 are anticipated by the 
MSI-H Study Record, Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-
obviousness is not persuasive as to the patentability of these claims. See 
Cohesive Tech., Inc. v. Waters Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) 
(“secondary considerations are not an element of a claim of anticipation.”). 
Accordingly, the preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s 
challenges of claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 14–17, and 19–28 as being obvious 
over the MSI-H Study Record alone. 
E. Grounds 3–7: Obviousness over MSI-H Study Record in combination 
with Brown, Duval, Benson, and Koh, or additionally references. 
Petitioner argues that certain dependent claims of the ’462 patent are 
unpatentable because they are obvious over the MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, and Koh (Ground 3), additionally in combination 
with Ajani (Ground 4), additionally in combination with Ajani and Chapelle 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
51 
 
(Ground 5), additionally in combination with Ajani and Steinert (Ground 6), 
and additionally in combination with Ajani and Hamid (Ground 7). Pet. 
52–61. Because, as discussed above, we determine that claims 1–2, 4–7, 
9–12, 14–17, and 19–30 are anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record, they 
also would have been obvious over MSI-H Study Record alone in each of 
Grounds 3–7 for the reasons discussed above. In re McDaniel, 293 F.3d at 
1385. In the discussion that follows, we review Petitioner’s obviousness 
challenges for the claims not addressed in Ground 1—that is, claims 3, 8, 13, 
and 18. 
1. Claims 8 and 18: Obviousness over the MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, Koh, Chapelle 
Claims 8 and 18 recite the methods of claims 1 and 11, respectively, 
“wherein the step of testing or having tested comprises assessing one or 
more of BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 and NR-24.” Ex. 1001, 
26:16–18, 26:56–59. 
Petitioner cites Chapelle for its teaching of Chappelle’s standard 
methods for testing for MSI-H, including a test for MSI-H that has “stood 
the test of time” and comprises “assessing one or more of: BAT-25, BAT-
26, MONO-27, NR-21 and NR-24, in order to test whether a tumor is MSI-
H.” Pet. 56–57 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 169; Ex. 1007, 3380, 3382–3383). 
Petitioner contends that a POSA would have been motivated to “combine the 
MSI-H Study Record (whether alone or combined with Brown, Duval, and 
Benson) and Chapelle to assess one or more of: BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-
27, NR-21 and NR-24, in order to test whether a tumor is MSI-H.” Id. at 57 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 169). Petitioner further argues the artisan would have had 
a reasonable expectation of success in the method because Chapelle’s 
method of testing was well known and “does not affect the efficacy of the 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
52 
 
use of pembrolizumab for treating cancer patients having MSI-H tumors.” 
Pet. 57 (citing Ex. 1001, 6:16–17; 6:26–29; Ex. 1003 ¶ 169). 
We find that the record as recounted above supports Petitioner’s 
arguments. 
2. Claims 3 and 13: Obviousness over the MSI-H Study Record, 
Brown, Duval, Benson, Koh, and Steinert 
Claims 3 and 13 recite the method of claim 1 or claim 11, 
respectively, “wherein the biological sample is a body fluid from the 
patient.” Ex. 1001, 26:5–6, 26:46–47. Petitioner cites Steinert for its 
teaching of testing body fluid to determine whether a tumor is microsatellite 
instability high. Pet. 58–59 (citing Ex. 1008, OF1; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 173, 175). 
Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would have been 
motivated to combine the MSI-H Study Record (alone or combined with 
Brown, Duval, and Benson) and Steinert because the MSI-H Study Record 
discloses, or at least suggests, determining that the patient’s colorectal 
cancer is MSI-H and because Steinert teaches methods of testing whether a 
tumor was MSI-H using body fluid. Pet 58 (citing Ex. 1008, OF6; Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 173, 175). Petitioner also argues, citing Dr. Neugut’s testimony, that one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success given that the method of testing for MSI-H would not have been 
expected to change the efficacy of the use of pembrolizumab for treating 
colorectal cancer patients having MSI-H tumors. Id. at 59 (citing Ex. 1001, 
6:26–27 (“Testing of MSI can be accomplished by any means known in the 
art”), 6:36–39; Ex. 1003 ¶ 176). 
We find that the record as recounted above supports Petitioner’s 
arguments. 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
53 
 
1. Patent Owner’s Arguments 
Patent Owner does not raise specific arguments against any of the 
challenges to claims 3, 8, 13, and 18 as being obvious. See generally PO 
Resp. That is, Patent Owner argues against all of the obviousness challenges 
together, without arguing that any of the limitations recited in the dependent 
claims renders the method of claim 1 or 11 non-obvious. 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner alleges an incorrect legal standard 
for reasonable expectation of success because Petitioner asserts that the 
ordinarily skilled artisan would have wanted to obtain the data from the 
MSH-H Study Record to determine the outcome of patients, rather than 
alleging that the artisan would have reasonably expected to achieve success 
in the treatment. PO Resp. 36–38 (citing Pet. 42, 44). We are not 
persuaded. Petitioner’s statements explain why an artisan interested in 
treating MSI-H cancers would have been motivated to read and understand 
the MSI-H Study Record. See, e.g., Pet. 42 (stating that the artisan “would 
have expected all patients having MSI-H tumors to respond to a sufficient 
degree that the POSA would have wanted to obtain the data from the MSI-H 
Study, thus observing the inherent properties of treating MSI-H patients with 
pembrolizumab at the dosage that was applied in the MSI-H Study Record.”) 
This statement is followed by reasoning as to why the artisan would have 
further examined Brown and Duval (id.) and Benson (id. at 48). We are not 
persuaded that these statements are relevant as the correct inquiry on 
reasonable expectation of success is whether an ordinarily skilled artisan, 
armed with all of the knowledge from the identified references in 
combination, would have a reasonable expectation of success in practicing 
the claimed method. See Allergan, Inc. v. Apotex Inc., 754 F.3d 952, 966 
(Fed. Cir. 2014). 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
54 
 
Furthermore, as discussed above, we have concluded that the MSI-H 
Study Record inherently anticipates claims 1 and 11. Therefore, Petitioner’s 
burden in showing a reasonable expectation of success with regard to claims 
3, 8, 13 and 18 distills to whether an ordinarily skilled artisan would have a 
reasonable expectation of success in practicing the additional limitations 
only. See also Cytiva Bioprocess v. JSR Corp., Dec. 4, 2024 CAFC “[i]f a 
property of a composition is in fact inherent, there is no question of a 
reasonable expectation of success in achieving it.” (citing Hospira, Inc. v. 
Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC, 946 F.3d 1322, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 2020).) We are 
persuaded that Petitioner has shown that the artisan would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in practicing the additional limitations of 
the claimed methods of claims 3, 8, 13 and 18, as discussed above. 
Similarly, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that the 
ordinarily skilled artisan would not have been motivated to treat the claimed 
cancers in the claimed way as it pertains to claims 3, 8, 13 and 18. PO Resp. 
52–54. We are persuaded that Petitioner has shown that the artisan would 
have been motivated to combine the MSI-H Study record with Steinert to 
make the subject matter of claims 1 and 13, and with Chapelle to make the 
subject matter of claims 8 and 18. 
Finally, Patent Owner presents objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that it asserts demonstrates the non-obviousness of the claimed methods. PO 
Resp. 55–82. The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, skepticism, 
long-felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of the claimed 
methods. Id. Because we determine, as discussed above, that the methods 
recited in the independent claims are anticipated by the MSI-H Study 
Record, Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not 
persuasive of the patentability of claims 1 and 11. See Cohesive Tech., Inc. 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
55 
 
v. Waters Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (“secondary 
considerations are not an element of a claim of anticipation.”). Similarly, 
Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive of 
the patentability of dependent claims 2, 4–7, 9, 10, 12, 14–17, and 19–28, 
which we determine are anticipated by the MSI-H Study Record. 
Regarding the dependent claims that Petitioner challenges only on 
obviousness grounds (claims 3, 8, 13, 18), Patent Owner must show a nexus 
between the claimed methods and the evidence of non-obviousness. See 
Henny Penny Corp. v. Frymaster LLC, 938 F.3d 1324, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 2019) 
(“to be accorded substantial weight in the obviousness analysis, the evidence 
of secondary considerations must have a ‘nexus’ to the claims, i.e., there 
must be ‘a legally and factually sufficient connection’ between the evidence 
and the patented invention. . . . Ultimately, ‘[t]he patentee bears the burden 
of showing that a nexus exists.’” (quoting Demaco Corp. v. F. Von 
Langsdorff Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 1988), WMS 
Gaming, Inc. v. Int'l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1359 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
Patent Owner does not direct us to evidence of a nexus to limitations 
recited in the dependent claims, for example to claims 3 and 13, which recite 
testing a biological sample that is a bodily fluid, claims 8 and 18, which 
recite testing that comprises assessing one or more markers selected from the 
group consisting of BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 and NR-24. 
Even if there is a nexus to the Patent Owner’s evidence of secondary 
considerations, the evidence addresses the methods of independent claims 1 
and 11, not the additional limitations of the claims Petitioner challenges as 
being obvious. PO Resp. 55–83. Patent Owner directs us only to evidence 
regarding treating patients determined to have certain MSI-H cancers with 
pembrolizumab, which we determine to be anticipated by the MSI-H Study 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
56 
 
Record. Id. at 58. When evidence of a “secondary consideration is 
exclusively related to a single feature that is in the prior art,” our reviewing 
court has held the evidence is of no relevance to the obviousness inquiry. 
See Yita LLC v. MacNeil IP LLC, 69 F.4th 1356, 1363–65 (Fed. Cir. 2023), 
cert. denied, 144 S. Ct. 499 (2023) (distinguishing WBIP, LLC v. Kohler 
Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1330–31 (Fed. Cir. 2016)); see also Ethicon Endo-
Surgery, Inc. v. Covidien LP, 812 F.3d 1023, 1034 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (“[I]f the 
feature that creates the commercial success was known in the prior art, the 
success is not pertinent.”). In Yita, the prior art taught close-conformance of 
a floor tray with the walls of a vehicle foot well, which one of ordinary skill 
in the art would have had reason to use in combination with other prior-art 
teachings to arrive at the claimed invention. See Yita, 69 F.4th at 1359–61. 
The court held that because the asserted evidence of secondary consideration 
related exclusively to close-conformity, the evidence was not persuasive of 
non-obviousness, even though the claimed floor tray was coextensive with 
the product that produced the evidence. See id. at 1364–65 (“The 
coextensiveness inquiry bears only on the presumption of nexus; it does not 
decide the overall nexus question.”). 
Because Patent Owner directs us only to evidence that the methods 
recited in claims 1 and 11 produced evidence of secondary considerations, 
we are not persuaded that this evidence is persuasive of the non-obviousness 
of the specific methods recited in the dependent claims. For example, Patent 
Owner fails to direct us to evidence that a method of treating MSI-H 
colorectal cancer in a patient “wherein the biological sample is a body fluid 
from the patient,” as recited in claim 3, or “wherein the at least one marker 
comprises BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 or NR-24,” as recited in 
claim 8, demonstrated unexpected results or commercial success. 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
57 
 
Accordingly, having considered the evidence of record as a whole, we 
determine that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that the methods of claims 3, 8, 13, and 18 would have been 
obvious. We are not persuaded to the contrary by Patent Owner’s arguments 
or evidence of second secondary considerations. 
III. 
CONCLUSION19 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–30 of the ’462 patent are 
unpatentable. In summary: 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–
12, 14–17, 
19–30 
102 
MSI-H Study 
Record 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 
14–17, 19–30 
 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–
12, 14–17, 
19–30 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, 
Brown, 
Duval, 
Benson 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 
14–17, 19–30 
 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–
12, 14–17, 
19–24 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, 
Brown, 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 
14–17, 19–24 
 
 
19 
Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims in 
a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
58 
 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
Duval, 
Benson, Koh 
1, 2, 4–7, 9, 
11, 12, 14–
17, 19, 25, 
26 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, 
Brown, 
Duval, 
Benson, Koh, 
Ajani 
1, 2, 4–7, 9, 11, 
12, 14–17, 19, 
25, 26 
 
2, 8, 12, 18 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, 
Brown, 
Duval, 
Benson, Koh, 
Ajani, 
Chapelle 
2, 8, 12, 18 
 
3, 13 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, 
Brown, 
Duval, 
Benson, Koh, 
Ajani, 
Steinert 
3, 13 
 
7, 17 
103 
MSI-H Study 
Record, 
Brown, 
Duval, 
Benson, Koh, 
Ajani, Hamid 
7, 17 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–30 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
59 
 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–30 of the ’462 patent have been shown to be 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2024-00648 
Patent 11,643,462 B2 
60 
 
For PETITIONER: 
Naveen Modi 
Bruce Wexler 
Preston Ratliff 
Daniel Zeilberger 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
brucewexler@paulhastings.com 
prestonratliff@paulhastings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
 
For PATENT OWNER: 
Nicholas Stephens 
Grace Kim 
Todd Miller 
Matthew Chun 
Kristi Sawert 
FISH & RICHARDSON P.C. 
nstephens@fr.com 
gkim@fr.com 
miller@fr.com 
mchun@fr.com 
sawert@fr.com