--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 47 
571-272-7822 
Date: January 11, 2024 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
GUARDANT HEALTH, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON, 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
 
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, ZHENYU YANG, and TINA E. HULSE, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
YANG, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
Denying in Part and Dismissing in Part Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Guardant Health, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 3, “Pet.”), 
seeking an inter partes review of claims 1–28 of U.S. Patent 
No. 10,752,951 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’951 patent”). University of Washington 
(“Patent Owner”) filed a Patent Owner Preliminary Response. Paper 12 
(“Prelim. Resp.”). After further briefing (Papers 13, 15), we instituted trial to 
review the challenged claims (Paper 19, “DI”). 
Thereafter, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition (Paper 25, 
“PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 33, 
“Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply to Petitioner’s Reply 
(Paper 34, “Sur-reply”). 
An oral hearing for this proceeding was held on September 13, 2023, 
and the transcript of that hearing is of record. See Paper 46 (“Tr.”). 
The Board has jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6 and issues this Final 
Written Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318 and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the 
reasons provided below, we find Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance 
of the evidence, the unpatentability of claims 1–28. 
 
Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself, Guardant Health, Inc. as the real party in 
interest. Pet. 9. Patent Owner identifies the University of Washington and 
TwinStrand Biosciences, Inc. as the real parties in interest. Paper 8, 1. 
 
Related Matters 
According to the parties, the ’951 patent is asserted against Petitioner 
in TwinStrand Biosciences, Inc. et al. v. Guardant Health, Inc., 
1-21-cv-01126 (D. Del.). Pet. 9; Paper 8, 1. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
3 
Petitioner filed a petition in IPR2022-01159, challenging claims 1, 6, 
7, and 9–26 of the ’951 patent. We denied review in that case. 
The parties are also involved in several other inter partes review 
proceedings. See Papers 17, 18. 
 
The ’951 Patent and Related Background 
The ’951 patent relates to methods of lowering the error rate of 
massively parallel DNA sequencing using duplex consensus sequencing 
(“DCS”). Ex. 1001, code (54), 17:17–19. 
The ’951 patent states massively parallel DNA sequencing “offer[ed] 
the unique ability to detect minor variants within heterogeneous mixtures.” 
Id. at 1:33–42. It notes the rapid development of clinical applications of deep 
sequencing in “prenatal screening for fetal aneuploidy, early detection of 
cancer and monitoring its response to therapy with nucleic acid-based serum 
biomarkers.” Id. at 1:43–50 (internal citations omitted). Deep sequencing, 
however, had limitations, including “a practical limit of detection . . . 
imposed by errors introduced during sample preparation and sequencing,” 
resulting in “approximately 1% of bases [being] incorrectly identified.” Id. 
at 1:61–2:8. The ’951 patent states “[t]his background level of artifactual 
heterogeneity establishes a limit below which the presence of true rare 
variants is obscured.” Id. at 2:9–11. 
Acknowledging several attempts aimed at improving the accuracy and 
sensitivity of sequencing, the ’951 patent states that “significant technical 
artifacts” still result in error rates far higher than the “true mutation 
frequency.” Id. at 2:12–39. According to the ’951 patent, “[i]t would be 
desirable to develop an approach for tag-based error correction.” Id. 
at 2:64–65. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
4 
The ’951 patent states its DCS approach “greatly reduces errors by 
independently tagging and sequencing each of the two strands of a DNA 
duplex.” Id., Abstract. It explains that, because the two strands are 
complementary, true mutations are found at the same position in both 
strands. Id. 
In one embodiment, the DCS method of the ’951 patent involves 
tagging both strands of duplex DNA with a random, yet complementary 
double-stranded nucleotide sequence, known as a single molecule identifier 
(“SMI”) sequence. Id. at 21:41–45. According to the ’951 patent, 
The individually tagged strands are then PCR amplified. Every 
duplicate that arises from a single strand of DNA will have the 
same SMI, and thus each strand in a DNA duplex pair generates 
a distinct, yet related population of PCR duplicates after 
amplification owing to the complementary nature of the SMIs 
on the two strands of the duplex. Comparing the sequence 
obtained from each of the two strands comprising a single 
molecule of duplex DNA facilitates differentiation of 
sequencing errors from true mutations. When an apparent 
mutation is, due to a PCR or sequencing error, the substitution 
will only be seen on a single strand. In contrast, with a true 
DNA mutation, complementary substitutions will be present on 
both strands . . . . 
Following tagging with a double-stranded SMI and PCR 
amplification, a family of molecules is obtained that arose from 
a single DNA molecule; members of the same PCR “family” 
are then grouped together by virtue of having a common (i.e., 
the same) SMI tag sequence. The sequences of uniquely tagged 
PCR duplicates are subsequently compared in order to create a 
PCR consensus sequence. 
Id. at 21:51–22:4. The PCR consensus sequences are called single strand 
consensus sequences (“SSCSs”). Id. at 22:11–13. 
The ’951 patent discloses that SSCSs from two complementary 
strands of duplex DNA can be identified by virtue of the complementary 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
5 
SMIs to identify the “partner SMI.” Id. at 22:14–17. “Following partnering 
of two strands by virtue of their complementary SMIs, the sequences of the 
strands are compared. Sequence reads at a given position are kept only if the 
read data from each of the two paired strands is in agreement.” Id. 
at 22:21–25. 
 
Illustrative Claim 
Claim 1 is the sole independent claim. It is illustrative of the claimed 
subject matter and is reproduced below. 
1. A method, comprising: 
(a) providing a sample comprising a set of double-stranded 
polynucleotide molecules, each double-stranded polynucleotide 
molecule including first and second complementary strands; 
(b) tagging said double-stranded polynucleotide molecules with 
a set of duplex tags; 
(c) sequencing at least some of said tagged strands to produce a 
set of sequence reads; 
(d) sorting sequence reads into paired sequence reads and 
unpaired sequence reads, wherein (i) each paired read 
corresponds to sequence reads generated from a first tagged 
strand and a second differently tagged complementary strand 
derived from an original parent polynucleotide molecule in said 
set, and (ii) each unpaired read represents a first tagged strand 
having no second differently tagged complementary strand 
derived from an original parent polynucleotide molecule 
represented among said sequence reads in said set of sequence 
reads; and 
(e) quantifying at least two of (i) said paired sequence reads, 
(ii) said unpaired sequence reads, (iii) read depth of said paired 
sequence reads and (iv) read depth of said unpaired sequence 
reads. 
Id. at 37:36–59. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
6 
 
Instituted Challenges to Patentability 
We instituted trial to determine whether the challenged claims are 
unpatentable based on the following grounds: 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §1 
References 
1–28 
102 
Eltoukhy2 
1–28 
103 
Eltoukhy 
In support of their respective positions, Petitioner relies on the 
Declaration of John Quackenbush, Ph.D. (Ex. 1002) and Patent Owner relies 
on the declaration of Rahul Satija, D.Phil. (Ex. 2023). 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
 
Principles of Law 
To prevail in this inter partes review, Petitioner “shall have the 
burden of proving a proposition of unpatentability by a preponderance of the 
evidence.” 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). 
 Whether the disclosure of a patent satisfies the written description 
requirement is a question of fact. Ariad Pharm., Inc. v. Eli Lilly and Co., 
598 F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2010) (en banc). The test for sufficiency of 
the written description support is “whether the disclosure of the application 
relied upon reasonably conveys to those skilled in the art that the inventor 
had possession of the claimed subject matter as of the filing date sought.” Id. 
This “possession” test “requires an objective inquiry into the four corners of 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 
125 Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102–103, effective 
March 16, 2013. Because the ’951 patent has an effective filing date after 
March 16, 2013, the AIA version of §§ 102 and 103 applies. 
2 WO 2015/100427, published July 2, 2015 (Ex. 1040, “Eltoukhy”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
7 
the specification from the perspective of a person of ordinary skill in the 
art.” Id. Possession shown by evidence “outside of the specification is not 
enough,” and “a description that merely renders the invention obvious does 
not satisfy the requirement.” Id. at 1352. Instead, it is the specification itself 
that must demonstrate possession. Id. 
To show anticipation under 35 U.S.C. § 102, each and every claim 
element, arranged as in the claim, must be disclosed in a single piece of prior 
art. Net MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2008). In 
addition, a reference can anticipate a claim even if it does not expressly spell 
out all the limitations arranged or combined as in the claim, if a person of 
skill in the art, reading the reference, would “at once envisage” the claimed 
arrangement or combination. Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 
780 F.3d 1376, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2015). 
We analyze the instituted grounds of unpatentability in accordance 
with these principles. 
 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, various factors 
may be considered, including the “type of problems encountered in the art; 
prior art solutions to those problems; rapidity with which innovations are 
made; sophistication of the technology; and educational level of active 
workers in the field.” In re GPAC, Inc., 57 F.3d 1573, 1579 (Fed. Cir. 1995). 
Furthermore, the prior art itself can reflect the appropriate level of ordinary 
skill in the art. Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001). 
Here, Petitioner asserts that an ordinarily skilled artisan “would 
typically have an advanced degree, such as a Ph.D., with research experience 
in genomics, molecular biology, bioinformatics, or a related field, or could 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
8 
have less education but significant professional experience in one or more of 
these fields.” Pet. 8–9 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 38). 
Patent Owner states that for the purposes of this proceeding, it does 
not dispute Petitioner’s definition of the skill level. PO Resp. 2 
(citing Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 21, 22). 
After reviewing the record, we adopt Petitioner’s definition as it is 
consistent with the prior art’s demonstration of the level of ordinary skill in 
the art at the time of the invention. 
 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, we construe a claim term “using the same 
claim construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a 
civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). Under this 
standard, we construe the claim term “in accordance with the ordinary and 
customary meaning of such claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in 
the art and the prosecution history pertaining to the patent.” Id.; see also 
Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc) 
(holding that the words of a claim “are generally given their ordinary and 
customary meaning,” which is “the meaning that the term would have to a 
person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the invention, i.e., 
as of the effective filing date of the patent application”). 
1. 
“Sequence Reads” 
Petitioner argues that, for purposes of this Decision, no claim term 
needs specific construction beyond its plain and ordinary meaning. 
Pet. 10–11. Petitioner, however, seeks to provide context for understanding 
the scope of the term “sequence reads.” Specifically, Petitioner contends that 
“sequence reads” are produced by sequencing at least some of the tagged 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
9 
strands, whereas “consensus sequences” are generated by collapsing 
sequence reads. Id. at 11 (citing Ex. 1001, 4:45–47, 20:50–22:25, 23:29–57, 
24:46–48, claim 1, claim 6). 
In the Decision to Institute, we agreed with Petitioner that “[t]he 
claims of the ’951 patent as well as the specification make clear that a 
‘sequence read’ is different and distinct from a ‘consensus sequence.’” DI 7 
(quoting Pet. 11). Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s assertion. 
PO Resp. 12. Based on the complete record, we see no reason to change our 
determination of the scope of the term “sequence reads.” 
We further resolve the parties’ dispute over the meaning of “raw 
sequence reads,” a term Patent Owner employs in its papers. Petitioner 
protests that Patent Owner “interjects the new term ‘raw sequence reads’ 
into its analysis more than 90 times despite the term never appearing in any 
of the claims.” Reply 6. Patent Owner explains that it merely uses the term 
“raw” to describe “sequence reads,” and to distinguish it from “consensus 
sequences.” Sur-reply 4. 
In consideration of Patent Owner’s explanation, we equate the term 
“raw sequence reads” in Patent Owner’s arguments with the term “sequence 
reads” in the challenged claims. See Ex. 1001, claim 1, step (c) (defining 
“sequence reads” as generated by “sequencing at least some of said tagged 
strands”). In other words, the term “raw sequence reads” does not 
encompass “consensus sequences.” See PO Resp. 12 (Patent Owner stating it 
“does not dispute that a POSA would understand that a ‘consensus 
sequence’ of the ’951 patent is generated from raw ‘sequence reads’”) 
Step (d) of claim 1 recites “sorting sequence reads into paired 
sequence reads and unpaired sequence reads.” Patent Owner states that it 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
10 
“does not necessarily agree” with Petitioner that this sorting is limited to 
sorting raw sequence reads. PO Resp. 12. Patent Owner, however, does not 
explain its position on what the sorting limitation in step (d) actually 
encompasses. Given the claim term “sequence reads,” is distinct from, and 
does not include, “consensus sequences,” we determine step (d) is indeed 
limited to sorting raw sequence reads.3 
2. 
“Paired Sequence Reads” and “Unpaired Sequence Reads” 
Step (d) of claim 1 recites 
sorting sequence reads into paired sequence reads and unpaired 
sequence reads, wherein (i) each paired read corresponds to 
sequence reads generated from a first tagged strand and 
a second differently tagged complementary strand derived from 
an original parent polynucleotide molecule in said set, and 
(ii) each unpaired read represents a first tagged strand having no 
second differently tagged complementary strand derived from 
an original parent polynucleotide molecule represented among 
said sequence reads in said set of sequence reads. 
Ex. 1001, 37:45–55. 
The terms “differently tagged,” “paired sequence reads,” and 
“unpaired sequence reads” appear only in the claims, and not in the 
Specification, of the ’951 patent. Patent Owner argues that “as discussed 
throughout the ’951 specification, sequence reads are paired by having 
complementary SMI sequences, as read off of the sequencer.” PO Resp. 13 
(citing Ex. 1001, 3:52−4:3, 4:12−30, 21:2−5, 26:20−47, Figs. 1, 3(a)−(c); 
Ex. 2023 ¶ 77); id. at 31 (“Sequence reads, therefore, will be paired by the 
 
3 In any event, Patent Owner represents that its analysis on written 
description support is “for sorting paired and unpaired raw sequence reads.” 
PO Resp. 12. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
11 
function of having another sequence read in the sample that has a tag with a 
complementary sequence.”). Under its proposed claim construction, Patent 
Owner contends that “reads are not considered unpaired based on whether 
the complimentary sequence of the original parent polynucleotide is present 
in the set of sequence reads.” Id. at 31–32 (citing Ex. 2023 ¶ 119). 
We disagree with Patent Owner’s proposed construction of the terms 
“paired sequence reads” and “unpaired sequence reads.” Even though 
the ’951 patent Specification discloses grouping sequence reads “sharing a 
unique set of SMI tags” into paired families,4 “[t]he written description part 
of the specification itself does not delimit the right to exclude. That is the 
function and purpose of claims.” Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312 (“[T]he claims 
of a patent define the invention to which the patentee is entitled the right to 
exclude.”). 
Here, claim 1 explicitly defines the terms “paired sequence reads” and 
“unpaired sequence reads.” Indeed, in the context of paired versus unpaired 
sequence reads, claim 1 specifies that the complementarity is related to the 
“original parent polynucleotide molecule,” and not the duplex tags. For 
example, claim 1 recites that “each unpaired read represents a first tagged 
strand having no second differently tagged complementary strand derived 
from an original parent polynucleotide molecule represented among said 
sequence reads in said set of sequence reads.” Ex. 1001, 37:50–55 (emphasis 
added). Thus, the plain claim language contradicts Patent Owner’s argument 
 
4 We note that the ’951 patent Specification discloses “grouping,” but not 
“sorting,” sequence reads, as recited in claim 1. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 3:31–33, 
4:14–15, 16:47–50. In fact, the term “sorting” is another term that appears 
only in the claim, and not the Specification, of the ’951 patent. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
12 
that “a sequence read will be considered unpaired based on whether the tag 
associated with the read does not have a complementary tag as read by the 
sequence in the set of sequence reads.” PO Resp. 31 (emphasis added). 
In sum, the terms “paired sequence reads” and “unpaired sequence 
reads” as recited in claim 1 require determining the complementarity of the 
target sequence strands derived from the “original parent polynucleotide 
molecule.” 
Claim terms need only be construed to the extent necessary to resolve 
the controversy. Wellman, Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 
(Fed. Cir. 2011). On this record and for purposes of this Decision, we see no 
need to address the construction of any other claim term. 
 
Analysis 
Petitioner contends that Eltoukhy anticipates and renders obvious 
claims 1–28 of the ’951 patent. Pet. 35–61. On its face, the ’951 patent 
claims priority to a series of applications, including application 
No. 15/660,785 (“the ’785 application”), filed on July 26, 2017, and 
application No. PCT/US2013/032665 (“the ’665 PCT”), filed on 
March 15, 2013. Ex. 1001, code (60); see also Pet. 14 (listing “’951 Patent 
Priority Documents”). 
Eltoukhy is a PCT application published on July 2, 2015, after the 
filing date of the ’665 PCT. See Ex. 1040, code (43). Nevertheless, 
Petitioner asserts that Eltoukhy qualifies as prior art because the challenged 
claims are not entitled to a priority date that predates Eltoukhy’s publication 
date. Pet. 13. Specifically, Petitioner argues that 
the ’785 application does not provide support under section 112 
for a method for “(d) sorting sequence reads into paired 
sequence reads and unpaired sequence reads” and 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
13 
“(e) quantifying at least two of (i) said paired sequence reads, 
(ii) said unpaired sequence reads, (iii) read depth of said paired 
sequence reads and (iv) read depth of said unpaired sequence 
reads,” recited in claim 1 and required by claims 1–28 of 
the ’951 patent. 
Id. at 15–28. Thus, Petitioner concludes that the claims of the ’951 patent are 
not entitled to an effective filing date that predates Eltoukhy or earlier than 
July 26, 2017, the filing date of the ’785 application. Id. at 34. 
Petitioner asserts that Eltoukhy discloses each limitation of each 
challenged claim. Id. at 35–61. In addition, Petitioner argues that the 
challenged claims would have been obvious over Eltoukhy, because despite 
“minor differences in verbiage of [the challenged] claims vis-à-vis Eltoukhy, 
no patentable distinction can be made in view of the Eltoukhy claims and 
disclosure read as a whole from the perspective of a POSA.” Id. at 35. 
Patent Owner argues that Eltoukhy does not qualify as prior art 
because the challenged claims are entitled to at least the filing date of 
the ’665 PCT, which antedates Eltoukhy. PO Resp. 16–55. Patent Owner 
further argues that if Eltoukhy is determined to be prior art, Petitioner still 
fails to show it renders the challenged claims unpatentable. Id. at 57–62. 
After reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as explained 
below, we determine Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that Eltoukhy qualifies as prior art and that it anticipates the 
challenged claims. 
1. 
Disclosure of Eltoukhy 
Eltoukhy discloses “methods and systems for determining genetic 
variants (e.g., copy number variation) in a polynucleotide sample.” 
Ex. 1040, Abstract. Eltoukhy states that many of the known methods for 
accurate copy number variation estimation were able to reduce the errors 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
14 
introduced by the sample preparation and sequencing processes for the 
molecules that were converted and sequenced, but were “not able to infer the 
counts of molecules that were converted but not sequenced.” Id. ¶¶ 4, 5. 
Eltoukhy explains that because “this count of converted b[ut] unsequenced 
molecules can be highly variable from genomic region to region, these 
counts can dramatically and adversely affect the sensitivity that can be 
achieved.” Id. ¶ 5. 
Eltoukhy discloses a method that tags both halves of the 
double-stranded DNA. Id. ¶ 6 (“If tagged correctly, each original Watson 
and Crick (i.e., strand) side of the input double-stranded DNA molecule can 
be differently tagged and identified by the sequencer and subsequent 
bioinformatics.”). Id. According to Eltoukhy, the number of unseen 
molecules can be estimated based on the number of Pairs (i.e., molecules 
where both strands were identified) and Singlets (i.e., molecules where only 
one strand was identified) detected in a particular region. Id. 
2. 
Effective Filing Date of the Challenged Claims 
In an IPR, although Petitioner has the ultimate burden of persuasion to 
prove unpatentability, Patent Owner must demonstrate entitlement to a 
priority date when Patent Owner relies on that priority date to overcome an 
anticipation or obviousness argument. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l 
Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1379–80 (Fed. Cir. 2015); see also In re 
NTP, Inc., 654 F.3d 1268, 1276 (Fed. Cir. 2011) (“[A] patent’s claims are 
not entitled to an earlier priority date because the patentee claims priority. 
Rather, for a patent’s claims to be entitled to an earlier priority date, the 
patentee must demonstrate that the claims meet the requirements of 
35 U.S.C. § 120.”). 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
15 
For purposes of this Decision, we focus on step (d) of claim 1, 
“sorting sequence reads into paired sequence reads and unpaired sequence 
reads” (“the sorting limitation”). Petitioner argues that the ʼ785 application 
(“Schmitt”)5 lacks the requisite disclosure supporting the sorting limitation. 
Pet. 17–20. Petitioner points out that nowhere in Schmitt does it recite the 
term “sorting.” Id. at 17. Acknowledging that “adequate support under § 112 
does not strictly require ipsis verbis description,” Petitioner asserts that 
Schmitt “simply fails to describe” the sorting limitation. Id. 
Patent Owner disagrees. PO Resp. 16–33. Relying on Schmitt’s 
Figure 3(a)–(c), Example 3, Figure 10, and certain other disclosures, Patent 
Owner argues that Schmitt describes sorting paired raw sequence reads. Id. 
at 17–25. In addition, Patent Owner contends that “by Schmitt’s method of 
pairing reads, e.g., via Figure 10, Schmitt necessarily sorts reads into paired 
and unpaired reads because by pairing reads all that is left over is necessarily 
unpaired reads.” Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 2023 ¶ 102). Thus, according to Patent 
Owner, Schmitt describes sorting unpaired raw sequence reads. Id. at 26–33. 
After reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as explained 
below, even if we were to accept Patent Owner’s argument that Schmitt 
provides written description support for sorting paired sequence reads, we 
still find Schmitt does not provide sufficient support for sorting unpaired 
sequence reads. Thus, Patent Owner has not shown that the challenged 
 
5 In their respective analysis, Petitioner cites the ’785 application (Ex. 1031), 
whereas Patent Owner cites the ’665 PCT (Ex. 1029). It is undisputed that 
the ’785 application and the ’665 PCT share the same specification. 
See Pet. 34; PO Resp. 1. We refer to both Exhibits 1029 and 1031 as 
Schmitt. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
16 
claims are entitled to an effective filing date that predates the publication 
date of Eltoukhy. 
a. 
Paired Sequence Reads 
In support of its argument that Schmitt provides written description 
support for sorting “paired sequence reads,” Patent Owner relies on 
Schmitt’s Figure 3(a)–(c), which shows sequence reads “sharing a unique set 
of SMI tags are grouped into paired families with members having strand 
identifiers in either the αβ or βα orientation. Each family pair reflects one 
double-stranded DNA fragment.” Ex. 1029 ¶ 14; see also PO Resp. 18 
(“Schmitt’s Figure 3(a)−(c) depicts grouping multiple raw sequence reads 
into families and then pairing the reads in the families if the sequence reads 
have complementary Single Molecule Identifiers (‘SMIs’).”). 
Patent Owner also points to Schmitt’s Example 3 as providing written 
description support for sorting raw sequence reads. Id. at 20–21 (citing 
Ex. 1029 ¶¶ 116, 117). In Example 3, using randomly sheared DNA ends as 
SMIs, “reads were grouped by SMI with a minimum family size 
of 1 member.” Ex. 1029 ¶ 116. 
Patent Owner further relies on Schmitt’s Figure 10. PO Resp. 24–25. 
Although the Python code of Figure 10 is for pairing “DCS reads among 
partner strands” (Ex. 1029, Fig. 10), Patent Owner asserts that it “can pair 
raw sequence reads” based on complementary SMIs. PO Resp. 24–25 (citing 
Ex. 1029 ¶¶ 96, 97; Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 95−98). 
In addition, Patent Owner argues that Schmitt provides written 
description support for sorting raw sequence reads because (1) Schmitt 
describes “pairing raw sequence reads without collapsing the raw sequence 
reads to generate a ‘consensus sequence,’ e.g., an SSCS read,” see id. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
17 
at 19–20 (citing Ex. 1029 ¶¶ 71, 79, 80); and (2) “Schmitt also repeatedly 
refers to just ‘reads,’ without reference to whether they are raw sequence 
reads or consensus sequence reads,” id. at 22–24 (citing Ex. 1029 ¶¶ 23, 31, 
96, 103, 116, Fig. 10 (Ex. 2010, 1:5–7, 1:30–31, 1:49). 
As Patent Owner recognizes, Schmitt discloses grouping sequences by 
the SMI tags. See PO Resp. 18 (citing Ex. 1029 ¶ 14, Fig. 3(a)−(c)), 20–21 
(citing Ex. 1029 ¶¶ 116, 117); see also Ex. 1029 ¶ 11 (Schmitt disclosing 
“grouping the sequenced SMI-target nucleic acid products into families of 
paired target nucleic acid strands based on a common set of SMI 
sequences”), ¶ 79 (“[A] set of sequenced SMI-DNA products generated in 
the methods described above may be grouped into families of paired target 
nucleic acid strands based on a common set of SMI sequences.”), ¶ 99 
(“Following tagging with a double-stranded SMI and PCR amplification, a 
family of molecules is obtained that arose from a single DNA molecule, 
members of the same PCR ‘family’ are then grouped together by virtue of 
having a common (i.e., the same) SMI tag sequence.”). 
Claim 1 of the ’951 patent, however, defines each paired sequence 
read as “correspond[ing] to sequence reads generated from a first tagged 
strand and a second differently tagged complementary strand derived from 
an original parent polynucleotide molecule.” Ex. 1001, 37:46–50 (emphasis 
added). Thus, ordinarily, grouping sequence reads6 by partner SMI tags does 
not necessarily result in “paired sequence reads,” as defined in claim 1. 
 
6 For purposes of this Decision, we assume, without deciding, that, as Patent 
Owner asserts, Schmitt discloses pairing not only consensus sequences, but 
also raw sequence reads. See PO Resp. 19–24. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
18 
Schmitt, however, only considers sequences “when information from 
both DNA strands was in perfect agreement.” Ex. 1029 ¶ 96; see also id. 
¶ 105 (“Sequence reads were considered only when the read data from each 
of the two strands is in perfect agreement.”), ¶ 117 (disclosing “considered 
only positions at which the sequence from the two strands was in perfect 
agreement”). Because of this requirement of “perfect agreement,” when 
Schmitt groups sequence reads based on the complementarity of the SMI 
tags, the two strands of the target sequence derived from the original parent 
polynucleotide molecule are also complementary to each other. In other 
words, in Schmitt, grouping sequence reads by partner SMI tags does in fact 
result in “paired sequence reads,” as defined in claim 1. 
In sum, assuming Schmitt discloses pairing sequence reads, we accept 
Patent Owner’s argument that Schmitt provides written description support 
for sorting “paired sequence reads.” It is, however, a different matter for 
sorting “unpaired sequence reads.” We explain below. 
b. 
Unpaired Sequence Reads 
Patent Owner asserts that Schmitt provides support for sorting 
unpaired raw sequence reads because “by Schmitt’s method of pairing reads, 
e.g., via Figure 10, Schmitt necessarily sorts reads into paired and unpaired 
reads because by pairing reads all that is left over is necessarily unpaired 
reads.” PO Resp. 26 (citing Ex. 2023 ¶ 102), 28–29 (discussing Figure 10 
and arguing “sequence reads without a matching SMI would be considered 
unpaired”); see also id. at 26 (“[T]here will necessarily be groups comprised 
of either paired or unpaired sequence reads.”). We disagree. 
Claim 1 defines the terms “paired sequence reads” and “unpaired 
sequence reads” based on the complementarity of the target sequence strands 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
19 
derived from the “original parent polynucleotide molecule.” Ex. 1001, 
37:46–55. As explained above, we reject Patent Owner’s contention that a 
sequence read is considered unpaired solely based on the complementarity 
of the SMI tags. See supra Section II.C.2. 
Due to the “errors introduced during sample preparation and 
sequencing” (Ex. 1029 ¶ 5), there are four outcomes when determining the 
complementarity of the sequence reads of two strands of SMI-linked target 
sequence: (1) the first SMI tag and the first strand target sequence are 
complementary to the second SMI tag and the second strand target sequence, 
respectively; (2) the first SMI tag is complementary to the second SMI tag 
but the first strand target sequence is not complementary to the second 
strand target sequence; (3) the first SMI tag is not complementary to the 
second SMI tag but the first strand target sequence is complementary to the 
second strand target sequence; and (4) the first SMI tag is not 
complementary to the second SMI tag, and the first strand target sequence is 
not complementary to the second strand target sequence. 
It is undisputed that Schmitt groups sequence reads into paired 
families based on the SMI tags, and Schmitt only considers sequences in 
which “information from both DNA strands was in perfect agreement.” 
Ex. 1029 ¶¶ 14, 96; PO Resp. 18. Thus, among the four outcomes, only 
scenario (1), in which both the SMI tags and the target sequences are 
complementary, represents a “paired sequence read,” which claim 1 defines 
as corresponding to “sequence reads generated from a first tagged strand and 
a second differently tagged complementary strand derived from an original 
parent polynucleotide molecule.” Ex. 1001, 37:46–50. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
20 
Contrary to Patent Owner’s argument (see PO Resp. 26), in Schmitt, 
the leftover of “paired sequence reads” is not necessarily “unpaired sequence 
reads.” For example, in scenario (3), the two sequence reads cannot be 
paired because the SMI tags are not complementary. But, because the two 
target sequence strands are complementary, they do not represent an 
“unpaired sequence read,” which claim 1 specifically defines as “a first 
tagged strand having no second differently tagged complementary strand 
derived from an original parent polynucleotide molecule.” Ex. 1001, 
37:50–55 (emphasis added). Thus, even if we find Schmitt provides written 
description support for sorting “paired sequence reads,” we reject Patent 
Owner’s argument that “by pairing raw sequence reads, unpaired raw 
sequence reads are also sorted, making the written description in Schmitt 
sufficient.” See PO Resp. 29. 
Patent Owner contends “a POSA would understand Schmitt to 
describe that paired raw sequence reads may not be recovered due to 
‘inadequate amplification’ of one of the two strands of a DNA duplex, 
resulting in a pool of unpaired raw sequence reads.” Id. at 27 (citing 
Ex. 1029 ¶ 105; Ex. 2023 ¶ 104); see also id. at 32 (“Schmitt explicitly states 
that the reason that partner-strand SMIs are not observed is due to 
“inadequate amplification of the starting DNA library,” i.e., failure to 
amplify one of the two strands of the double-stranded DNA template, not 
sequencing errors in the SMI.”). We are not persuaded by this argument. 
Schmitt suggests that “inadequate amplification” is a possible reason 
for the “low recovery of tag pairs.” Ex. 1029 ¶ 105. “Low recovery of tag 
pairs,” however, is not the same as “unpaired sequence reads.” We reiterate 
that, as required in claim 1, whether sequence reads are paired or unpaired is 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
21 
determined by the complementarity of the target sequence strands derived 
from the “original parent polynucleotide molecule,” and not the SMI tags. 
Moreover, even if “inadequate amplification” is a possible reason for 
“unpaired sequence reads,” it does not detract from the fact that sequencing 
errors in the SMI leads to “unpaired sequence reads,” as explained below. 
Patent Owner emphasizes that “sequencing errors arise at a low rate,” 
and thus, “any incidence of errors in the SMI would not be the major source 
of unpaired reads.” Id. at 32 (citing Ex. 2032, 1–2; Ex. 2023 ¶ 122); see also 
id. at 27–28 (arguing the frequency of sequencing error is miniscule). 
We are not persuaded by this argument either. 
First, Schmitt discloses that the sequencing errors occur at a rate of 
“approximately 1%.” Ex. 1029, Abstract; see also Ex. 2023 ¶ 121 (Dr. Satija 
testifying that the barcode sequencing error rate is “between 0.001 to 3%”). 
That rate, however, as Petitioner points out, is an “average base calling error 
rate,” and not the frequency of base calling errors in the SMI region. 
See Reply 3 (citing Ex. 1029 ¶ 109). 
In Example 1, Schmitt uses a twelve-nucleotide SMI on each end of 
the target sequence strand. Ex. 1029 ¶ 96. In other words, for each target 
sequence strand, the SMI tags are twenty-four nucleotides. Dr. Quackenbush 
testifies that “if the sequencing error rate is only 3 percent, over 
a 24 nucleotide SMI tag, more than half of them will have sequence-induced 
errors.” Ex. 2025, 149:6–9; see also Reply 3 (“Applying a 1% sequencer 
error rate results in about 1 in 4 sequence reads with an error in the barcode 
[of Schmitt’s Example 1].”). 
Second, sequencing error rates are not uniformly distributed across 
sequence reads; instead, most errors occur at the beginning and end of reads. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
22 
Ex. 2007, 2. Because the SMI tags are located at the ends of the sequence 
reads, we find reasonable Petitioner’s argument that Patent Owner’s own 
evidence indicates “an even higher incidence of SMI sequence errors.” 
See Reply 3. 
Third, Patent Owner’s own evidence teaches that, in addition to 
sequencing errors, “[e]rrors can also be introduced to sequence tags during 
tag synthesis and strand replication (library preparation or template 
amplification).” Ex. 2007, 1; see also Ex. 1029 ¶ 14 (Schmitt discussing 
“PCR-introduced errors”). 
Referring to Stoler 2020,7 Patent Owner contends that actual 
sequencing data show only 3–5% of the barcodes contained errors. 
Sur-reply 12 (citing Ex. 1063,8 3). Stoler 2020 was published on March 4, 
2020 (Ex. 1063, 10), seven years after the priority date Patent Owner 
contends the challenged claims are entitled to. PO Resp. 16 (arguing 
“the ’951 patent claims . . . are entitled to at least the filing date of . . . 
March 15, 2013”); see also Sur-reply 10 (Patent Owner faulting Petitioner 
for “focus[ing] on the extrinsic, post-filing Stoler references”). 
Written description support “is judged based on the state of the art as 
of the priority date.” Biogen Int’l GMBH v. Mylan Pharms. Inc., 
18 F.4th 1333, 1342 (Fed. Cir. 2021). As a result, evidence “illuminating the 
 
7 Stoler et al., Family Reunion Via Error Correction: An Efficient Analysis 
of Duplex Sequencing Data, 21:96 BMC BIOINFORMATICS 1–10 (2020) 
(Ex. 1063). 
8 Patent Owner cites Exhibit 1064, a different Stoler article published in 
2016. See Sur-reply 12. The context, however, suggests that the correct 
citation is Exhibit 1063. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
23 
state of the art subsequent to the priority date is not relevant to written 
description.” Id. We, thus, do not consider Stoler 2020 in our analysis.9 
Regardless of the error rate in barcodes, it is undisputed that “the 
occurrence of sequencing errors in barcodes cannot be completely 
eliminated.” See PO Resp. 32. Acknowledging this, Patent Owner 
nevertheless argues that “this occurrence can be minimized.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 122–125). Dr. Satija testifies that “a POSA would have 
understood that there were many ways to minimize the occurrence of 
sequencing errors in the SMI.” Ex. 2023 ¶ 122. 
We find Dr. Satija’s testimony insufficient to support Patent Owner’s 
priority claim. The Federal Circuit has instructed that 
[e]ntitlement to a filing date does not extend to subject matter 
which is not disclosed, but would be obvious over what is 
expressly disclosed. It extends only to that which is disclosed. 
While the meaning of terms, phrases, or diagrams in a 
disclosure is to be explained or interpreted from the vantage 
point of one skilled in the art, all the limitations must appear in 
the specification. The question is not whether a claimed 
invention is an obvious variant of that which is disclosed in the 
specification. Rather, a prior application itself must describe an 
 
9 We note that Patent Owner calculates the 3–5% error rate based on Stoler’s 
finding that “62 and 104 tags out of 2,000 contained errors.” Sur-reply 12 
(citing Ex. 1063, 3). The 2,000 tags, however, represent an incomplete set of 
data. See Ex. 1063, 3 (teaching that, for duplex reads, “a total of 2000 tags 
[were] chosen” after “select[ing] 1000 random combinations” from the “list 
of 12+12 barcode combinations” in order “to reduce the time required for 
subsequent computation”). When it “sorted all combinations of barcodes in 
lexicographic order and counted the number of times each combination 
appears in this list,” Stoler 2020 found “a striking abundance of 
combinations that appear only once.” Id. Stoler 2020 recognizes that “[s]uch 
singletons cannot be used in an analysis and are discarded;” yet, “they 
account for a large fraction of total sequencing output.” Id. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
24 
invention, and do so in sufficient detail that one skilled in the 
art can clearly conclude that the inventor invented the claimed 
invention as of the filing date sought. 
Lockwood v. Am. Airlines, Inc., 107 F.3d 1565, 1571–72 (Fed. Cir. 1997); 
see also PowerOasis, Inc. v. T-Mobile USA, Inc., 522 F.3d 1299, 1310 (Fed. 
Cir. 2008) (“Obviousness simply is not enough; the subject matter must be 
disclosed to establish possession.”). 
Here, relying on two prior art references, Dr. Satija opines that “a 
POSA would have known how to apply these techniques by choosing 
sequences and sequence lengths to minimize sequencing errors from 
occurring in the SMI.” Id. ¶¶ 123–125 (citing Ex. 2007, 1–2; Ex. 2032, 2). 
Neither Dr. Satija nor Patent Owner, however, points to the ’951 patent 
Specification as disclosing minimizing sequencing errors in the SMI tags 
such that scenario (3), that is, the SMI tags are not complementary but the 
two strands of the target sequence are complementary, does not occur. Thus, 
even if we accept that only 3–5% of the barcodes contained errors 
(see Sur-reply 12), such numbers undermine Patent Owner’s argument that 
“by pairing reads all that is left over is necessarily unpaired reads.” See PO 
Resp. 26. 
In sum, based on the complete record developed at trial, we find that, 
even if we accept Patent Owner’s argument that Schmitt provides written 
description support for sorting “paired sequence reads,” Patent Owner has 
not shown Schmitt provides written description support for sorting “unpaired 
sequence reads.” 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
25 
c. 
Summary 
Patent Owner has not shown sufficiently that Schmitt provides written 
description support for claim 1.10 Thus, Patent Owner has not demonstrated 
claim 1 and its dependent claims 2–28 are entitled to the priority of 
the ’665 PCT. As a result, we find Petitioner has met its burden in showing 
that Eltoukhy qualifies as prior art. See Pet. 13–34. 
3. 
Alleged Anticipation by Eltoukhy 
Petitioner asserts Eltoukhy anticipates claims 1–28 of the ’951 patent. 
Pet. 35–61. Petitioner provides detailed analysis, mapping each claim 
limitation to the disclosures of Eltoukhy. Id. After reviewing the entire 
record developed at trial, and as explained below, we determine that 
Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that Eltoukhy 
discloses each limitation of the challenged claims as arranged therein. 
a. Claim 1 
We focus our analysis on claim 1, the only independent claim of 
the ’951 patent. 
(1) Steps (a)–(d) 
It is undisputed that steps (a), (c), and (d) of challenged claim 1 are 
identical (or substantively identical) to steps (a), (c), and (e), respectively, of 
Eltoukhy’s claim 87. Compare Ex. 1001, claim 1, with Ex. 1040, claim 87. 
 
10 The parties also dispute whether Schmitt provides written description 
support for the quantifying step (e) of claim 1 as well as numerous 
dependent claims. Pet. 20–34; PO Resp. 33–52. Because we find Patent 
Owner has not shown written description support for the sorting step (d) of 
claim 1, we do not need to address the additional arguments. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
26 
Step (b) of challenged claim 1 recites “tagging said double-stranded 
polynucleotide molecules with a set of duplex tags.” Ex. 1001, 37:41–42. In 
addition to this same language, step (b) of Eltoukhy’s claim 87 further 
recites “wherein each duplex tag differently tags said first and second 
complementary strands of a double-stranded polynucleotide molecule in said 
set.” Ex. 1040, claim 87. Petitioner contends that this additional limitation 
recited in Eltoukhy is within the scope of step (b) of challenged claim 1. 
Pet. 36–37 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 108). We agree with Petitioner, and Patent 
Owner does not dispute this assertion. 
(2) Step (e) 
Step (e) of challenged claim 1 recites “quantifying at least two of 
(i) said paired sequence reads, (ii) said unpaired sequence reads, (iii) read 
depth of said paired sequence reads and (iv) read depth of said unpaired 
sequence reads.” Ex. 1001, 37:56–59. Step (f) of Eltoukhy’s claim 87 recites 
“determining quantitative measures of at least two of (i) said paired reads, 
(ii) said unpaired reads that map to each of one or more genetic loci, 
(iii) read depth of said paired reads and (iv) read depth of unpaired reads.” 
Ex. 1040, claim 87. 
Petitioner observes that step (f)(ii) of Eltoukhy’s claim 87 recites “that 
map to each of one or more genetic loci,” whereas the corresponding 
step (e)(ii) of challenged claim 1 does not. Pet. 39. According to Petitioner, 
this difference renders challenged claim 1 narrower than Eltoukhy’s claim 
87. Id. (additionally arguing that the recitation of this phrase in some 
dependent claims “indicating that Patent Owner intended claim 1 to 
encompass the scope of claim 87 of Eltoukhy”). We agree with Petitioner, 
and Patent Owner does not dispute this assertion. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
27 
Patent Owner, however, emphasizes that challenged claim 1 uses the 
word “quantifying,” whereas Eltoukhy’s claim 87 uses the phrase 
“determining quantitative measures.” PO Resp. 59–62. Patent Owner argues 
that, based on the plain and ordinary meaning of the term “quantifying,” 
“a POSA would understand the ‘quantifying’ limitation in steps (e)(i) and 
(e)(ii) of claim 1 to require counting the number of paired and unpaired raw 
sequence reads.” Id. at 14 (citing Ex. 2023 ¶ 82). For purposes of this 
Decision, we accept, without deciding, Patent Owner’s proposed 
construction of “quantifying” paired and unpaired sequence reads. 
Patent Owner also contends that Eltoukhy discloses “quantitative 
measures” as a genus of “different measures and not specifically counting 
the number of . . . paired and unpaired reads.” Id. at 60 (citing Ex. 1040 
¶¶ 35, 252, 258; Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 204–210). For purposes of this Decision, we 
accept, without deciding, Patent Owner’s contention on this issue, too. 
But even after accepting Patent Owner’s two assertions, we still find 
Eltoukhy anticipates claim 1. It is correct that a genus does not always 
anticipate a claim to a species within the genus; but when the species is 
clearly named, the species claim is anticipated no matter how many other 
species are additionally named. See In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 1338 (Fed. 
Cir. 2009). 
In this case, as Petitioner correctly points out, “Eltoukhy expressly 
describes counting as a quantitative measure.” Reply 23–24 (citing Ex. 1040 
¶¶ 183, 184, 186). Indeed, Eltoukhy discloses its method comprises 
“quantifying sequence reads” and states quantifying includes counting or 
estimating the number. See Ex. 1040 ¶ 183 (“Pairs and Singlets mapping to a 
selected genetic locus, or to each of a plurality of selected genetic loci, are 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
28 
quantified, e.g., counted.”), ¶ 184 (“The quantifying can comprise estimating 
number of polynucleotides in the sample []e.g., Pairs polynucleotides, 
Singlets polynucleotides, or Unseen polynucleotides.”), ¶ 186 (“The number 
of Unseen original molecules in a sample can be estimated based on the 
relative number of Pairs and Singlets.”). 
Patent Owner does not appear to dispute that Eltoukhy discloses 
counting as a quantitative measure. See Sur-reply 7 (“PO did not state that 
Eltoukhy does not disclose ‘counting.’”), 25 (the same). Instead, Patent 
Owner insists that Petitioner “has not met its burden to show that [Petitioner] 
Guardant’s reliance on Eltoukhy’s broad genus of ‘determining quantitative 
measures,’ without more, is sufficient to anticipate . . . the claimed 
‘quantifying.’” Id. at 7–8; see also id. at 25 (contending that Petitioner has 
failed to “address how the broad genus of ‘quantitative measures’ disclosed 
in Eltoukhy is sufficient to anticipate the specific quantifying recited in 
claim 1”); PO Resp. 61 (the same). 
We disagree with Patent Owner’s characterization of Petitioner’s 
arguments. Petitioner’s mapping of the claimed “quantifying” to Eltoukhy 
does not solely rely on a genus “without more.” Rather, Petitioner cites to 
paragraphs where Eltoukhy specifically discloses counting as quantifying. 
See, e.g., Reply 23–24 (citing Ex. 1040 ¶¶ 183, 184, 186). 
During oral argument, counsel for Patent Owner complained that 
Petitioner did not cite paragraph 183 of Eltoukhy until the Reply stage. 
Tr. 46:1–8. We are not persuaded by this argument. First, the Petition cites 
paragraph 183 of Eltoukhy. See Pet. 4 (“Eltoukhy describes methods that 
combine sample processing and bioinformatic techniques to more accurately 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
29 
detect and analyze sample molecules, including unseen molecules, in copy 
number variation analysis. EX1040, Figures 1–2, ¶¶ 6, 183–187.”). 
Second, in the claim chart mapping the “quantifying” step, the 
Petition cites Figure 1 of Eltoukhy. Id. at 38–39 (citing Ex. 1040, Fig. 1). 
Step 114 in Figure 1 describes “Determine quantitative measure of Pairs and 
Singlets mapping to each selected locus.” Ex. 1040, Fig. 1. Paragraph 183 
merely explains that, in this specific step, quantifying is counting. 
See Ex. 1040, ¶ 183 (“For example, as shown in step (114) (FIG. 1), Pairs 
and Singlets mapping to a selected genetic locus, or to each of a plurality of 
selected genetic loci, are quantified, e.g., counted.”). 
Third, even if the Petition did not explicitly cite paragraph 183 of 
Eltoukhy, Petitioner may properly do so at the Reply stage to respond to 
Patent Owner’s newly proposed construction, limiting “quantifying” to 
“counting the number.” Parkervision, Inc. v. Vidal, 88 F.4th 969, 979–80 
(Fed. Cir. 2023); Axonics, Inc. v. Medtronic, Inc., 75 F.4th 1374, 1383–84 
(Fed. Cir. 2023). 
In Axonics, neither the petitioner nor the patent owner expressly 
proposed a pre-institution construction of any claim terms, and the Board’s 
institution decision did not expressly construe any terms. 75 F.4th at 1378. 
Post-institution, the patent owner response proposed a construction of a 
claim limitation, which the final written decision ultimately adopted. Id. 
at 1378–79. The petitioner’s reply contended that its relied-upon prior art 
taught the disputed limitation, even under the patent owner’s 
newly-proposed construction, but the Board refused to consider that 
argument because the petition had not included such an argument. Id. 
at 1379. The Federal Circuit vacated the Board’s decision, holding that 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
30 
“where a patent owner in an IPR first proposes a claim construction in a 
patent owner response, a petitioner must be given the opportunity in its reply 
to argue and present evidence of anticipation or obviousness under the new 
construction, at least where it relies on the same embodiments for each 
invalidity ground as were relied on in the petition.” Id. at 1384. 
Similarly, in Parkervision, the Federal Circuit explained that 
“[b]ecause the Board’s institution decision did not contain an express claim 
construction, the APA required the Board to give [the petitioner] Intel 
‘adequate notice and an opportunity to respond under the new construction’ 
first proposed in ParkerVision’s patent owner response.” 88 F.4th at 979. 
Here, as in Parkervision and Axonics, neither party expressly 
proposed a pre-institution construction of the term “quantifying,” and we did 
not construe the term in the Decision to Institute either. Post-institution, 
Patent Owner proposes that we limit “quantifying” in steps (e)(i) and (e)(ii) 
of claim 1 to require counting the number of paired and unpaired raw 
sequence reads (PO Resp. 14), which we accept for purposes of this 
Decision. In the Reply, Petitioner contends that Eltoukhy discloses 
“quantifying,” even under Patent Owner’s newly proposed construction of 
the term. Reply 8, 23–24. 
As explained above, paragraph 183 elucidates Figure 1. Ex. 1040 
¶ 183. Similarly, paragraphs 184 and 186 also explain Figures 1 and 2, 
respectively. Id. ¶¶ 184, 186. The Petition cites Figures 1 and 2 of Eltoukhy. 
Pet. 38–39 (citing Ex. 1040, Figs. 1, 2). Under Parkervision and Axonics, 
Petitioner’s argument and reliance on paragraphs 183, 184, and 186, which 
address Figures 1 and 2, are proper. See Parkervision, 88 F.4th at 979 
(holding the petitioner’s reply “appropriately responded” to the patent 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
31 
owner’s new claim construction by explaining how the prior art discloses a 
claim limitation even under that proposed construction); Axonics, 75 F.4th 
at 1384 (holding the reply is proper because the petitioner “in the reply, 
relied on the same embodiments as it relied on in the petition”). 
Thus, even if we limit “quantifying” in steps (e)(i) and (e)(ii) of 
claim 1 to “counting the number,” and even if we accept Patent Owner’s 
argument that Eltoukhy discloses “quantitative measures” as a genus of 
“different measures,” Petitioner has shown that Eltoukhy specifically 
discloses counting the numbers of paired and unpaired sequence reads. 
See Pet. 38–39 (citing Ex. 1040, Figs. 1, 2, ¶¶ 5, 6, 54, 163–165); 
Reply 23–24 (citing Ex. 1040 ¶¶ 183, 184, 186). 
Alternatively, we note whether a generic disclosure necessarily 
anticipates everything within the genus “depends on the factual aspects of 
the specific disclosure and the particular products at issue.” 
Sanofi-Synthelabo v. Apotex, Inc., 550 F.3d 1075, 1083 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
A prior art reference may be deemed to disclose each member of a genus 
when, reading the reference, an ordinarily skilled artisan can “at once 
envisage each member of this limited class.” In re Petering, 301 F.2d 676, 
681 (CCPA 1962). In this context, “how one of ordinary skill in the art 
would understand the relative size of a genus or species in a particular 
technology is of critical importance.” Osram Sylvania Inc. v. American 
Induction Tech. Inc., 701 F.3d 698, 706 (Fed. Cir. 2012). 
Patent Owner repeatedly asserts that the “quantitative measures” 
disclosed in Eltoukhy is a “broad” genus. See PO Resp. 60–61; Sur-reply 2, 
7, 25. As support, Patent Owner cites the Declaration of Dr. Satija. PO 
Resp. 60–61 (citing Ex. 2023 ¶ 208). Dr. Satija testifies that 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
32 
quantitative measures for tagged polynucleotides known in the 
art [at relevant time] would have included a broad genus of 
measurements, including, but not limited to, quantifying 
mutation rate, read length, G-C and A-T polynucleotide 
content, the number of paired end reads with just a singleton 
read, number of read pairs with reads from both ends present, 
allele frequency, read distribution across various chromosomes, 
etc. 
Ex. 2023 ¶ 208. 
Dr. Satija, however, does not cite any support for his opinion. 
Moreover, Dr. Satija lists only a few of the alleged species of the genus. 
Filler language such as “including, but not limited to” and “etc.” does not 
help us evaluate the relative size of the genus in order to determine whether 
an ordinarily skilled artisan can “at once envisage” counting as a species in 
the genus of “quantitative measures.” As a result, Dr. Satija’s testimony on 
this issue has limited value to support Patent Owner’s argument. 
In sum, Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that 
Eltoukhy discloses step (e) of claim 1. 
(3) Written Description Support and Enablement of Eltoukhy 
Patent Owner also contends that 
to the extent that the Board determines that Schmitt does not 
provide written description support because reads that cannot be 
paired due to sequencing errors in the barcode should not be 
considered “unpaired reads,” then Eltoukhy cannot anticipate 
the ’951 patent claims. This is because Eltoukhy, like Schmitt, 
relies on barcodes to sort paired and unpaired reads . . . As 
such, Eltoukhy would suffer from the same alleged defect as 
Schmitt. In re Donohue, 766 F.2d 531, 533 (Fed. Cir. 1985) 
(“[E]ven if the claimed invention is disclosed in a printed 
publication, that disclosure will not suffice as prior art if it is 
not enabling.”). 
PO Resp. 58. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
33 
It is unclear whether Patent Owner challenges the written description 
support or the enablement requirement of Eltoukhy. If the former, Patent 
Owner’s argument is inapposite. A prior art reference can anticipate a claim 
despite the fact that the description provided in the anticipating reference 
might not otherwise entitle its author to a patent. See Vas–Cath Inc. v. 
Mahurkar, 935 F.2d 1555, 1562 (Fed. Cir. 1991) (discussing the “distinction 
between a written description adequate to support a claim under § 112 and 
a written description sufficient to anticipate its subject matter under 
§ 102(b)”). 
Here, we do not need to resolve whether, as Patent Owner asserts, 
“Eltoukhy, like Schmitt, relies on barcodes to sort paired and unpaired 
reads.” See PO Resp. 58. Even if that is the case, as explained above, 
Eltoukhy still discloses all the limitations of challenged claim 1, mostly with 
language identical (or substantively identical) to that of claim 1. See supra 
Sections II.D.3.a.(1)–(2). And that is sufficient for anticipation purposes. 
See In re Lukach, 442 F.2d 967 (CCPA 1971) (holding that a U.S. 
grandparent application did not sufficiently describe the later-claimed 
invention, but that the appellant’s intervening British application, a 
counterpart to the U.S. application, anticipated the claimed subject matter). 
If Patent Owner instead is challenging Eltoukhy as not enabled, we 
are not persuaded. Indeed, there is a presumption of enablement for prior art. 
Amgen Inc. v. Hoechst Marion Roussel, Inc., 314 F.3d 1313, 1354–55 (Fed. 
Cir. 2003) (holding a patent challenger is entitled to rely on the presumption 
of enablement of a prior art patent, and patent owner bears the burden of 
proving nonenablement); In Re Antor Media Corp., 689 F.3d 1282, 1289 
(Fed. Cir. 2012) (holding the same presumption and burden apply to prior art 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
34 
publication). Here, Patent Owner has not presented any evidence or 
argument beyond its conclusory assertion that Eltoukhy is not enabled. 
See PO Resp. 58. 
(4) Summary 
After reviewing the record, we determine Petitioner has shown that 
Eltoukhy discloses each limitation of claim 1 as arranged therein. Thus, for 
the reasons discussed above, we determine Petitioner demonstrates by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Eltoukhy anticipates claim 1. 
b. 
Claims 2–28 
Petitioner provides further analysis, mapping the additional limitations 
of dependent claims 2–28 to the disclosures of Eltoukhy. Pet. 40–61. Patent 
Owner points out that (1) claims 5–7, 11–13, and 15–26 do not narrow the 
quantification methods recited in step (e) of claim 1; and (2) each of 
claims 2–4, 8–10, 14, 27, and 28 specifically recites quantifying paired and 
unpaired sequence reads. PO Resp. 62. Relying on the same argument it 
advances in addressing the “quantifying” step (e) of claim 1, Patent Owner 
contends that Petitioner has failed in showing Eltoukhy anticipates 
claims 2–28. Id. For the same reasons as explained above, we reject Patent 
Owner’s argument. See supra Section II.D.3.a.(2). 
After reviewing the record, we find Petitioner’s analysis persuasive 
and adopt it as our own. See Pet. 40–61. Thus, we determine Petitioner 
demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that Eltoukhy anticipates 
claims 2–28.11 
 
11 Petitioner also argues that the challenged claims would have been obvious 
over Eltoukhy. Pet. 35. Having determined that Petitioner has shown 
Eltoukhy anticipates all those claims, we do not address the obviousness 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
35 
III. 
PETITIONER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Exclude Exhibits 2001, 2002, 2004–2006, 
2008, 2009, 2011–2020, and 2023. Paper 38 (“MTE”), 1. Patent Owner filed 
an Opposition to the MTE (Paper 40, “MTE Opp.”), and Petitioner filed a 
Reply in support of the MTE (Paper 41). 
Petitioner, as the party moving to exclude evidence, bears the burden 
of proving that it is entitled to the relief requested, namely, that the material 
sought to be excluded is inadmissible under the Federal Rules of Evidence. 
See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.20(c), 42.62(a); see also Consolidated Trial Practice 
Guide12 (“CTPG”) 8, 37 (explaining that a motion to exclude is based on 
inadmissibility). 
For the reasons explained below, we dismiss in part and deny in part 
Petitioner’s MTE. 
 
Exhibit 2001 
Exhibit 2001 is the Data Sheet for TwinStrand Duplex Seq AML-29 
MRD v1.0 Assay. Patent Owner filed Exhibit 2001 with the Preliminary 
Response to support its argument relating to the construction of the claim 
 
issue. See SAS Inst. Inc. v. Iancu, 138 S. Ct. 1348, 1359 (2018) (holding a 
petitioner “is entitled to a final written decision addressing all of the claims 
it has challenged”); Bos. Sci. Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 F. App’x 
984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (recognizing that the “Board need not address 
issues that are not necessary to the resolution of the proceeding,” and thus, 
agreeing that the Board has “discretion to decline to decide additional 
instituted grounds once the petitioner has prevailed on all its challenged 
claims”). 
12 Available at https://www.uspto.gov/TrialPracticeGuideConsolidated. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
36 
term “double-stranded circulating nucleic acid molecules.” Prelim. 
Resp. 4–5 (citing Ex. 2001, 3). 
In a concurrently filed petition challenging claims 1, 6, 7, and 9–26 of 
the ’951 patent, Petitioner represented that it “does not oppose Patent 
Owner’s interpretation of the term for prior art unpatentability analysis in 
these IPRs against the ’951 patent and its related patents.”13 IPR2022-01159, 
Paper 3, 17; see also Pet. 13 (arguing the priority documents do not provide 
written description support “[e]ven if [Patent Owner’s] expansive claim 
construction is adopted”). 
Because the issue for which Exhibit 2001 was submitted is not in 
dispute in this case, we do not rely on this Exhibit in rendering this Decision. 
Therefore, we dismiss the MTE in this regard. 
 
Exhibit 2002 
Exhibit 2002 is the declaration of Joshua P. Earl, Ph.D., filed in 
support of Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response. On April 11, 2023, Patent 
Owner affirmatively withdrew Dr. Earl’s testimony. See Ex. 3001. Because 
we do not rely on Exhibit 2002 in rendering this Decision, we dismiss the 
MTE in this regard. 
 
Exhibit 2023 
Exhibit 2023 is the Declaration of Rahul Satija, D.Phil. Petitioner 
moves to exclude Dr. Satija’s proffered opinions because they “are not ‘the 
product of reliable principles’ and methods ‘reliably applied’ to the facts of 
 
13 Patent Owner also points out that in the pending district court case, the 
parties agreed on the construction of the term “double-stranded circulating 
nucleic acid molecules.” PO Resp. 15–16 (citing Ex. 2022, 2); MTE Opp. 5. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
37 
this case.” MTE 5. According to Petitioner, “Dr. Satija’s declaration 
testimony is predicated on erroneous legal standards for written description 
support in the ’951 patent priority documents and regarding certain claim 
terms.” Id. We are not persuaded. 
“A motion to exclude must explain why the evidence is not admissible 
(e.g., relevance or hearsay).” See CTPG 79. Petitioner’s arguments in the 
MTE, however, do not address the admissibility of the Satija Declaration. 
Instead, they amount to challenging the sufficiency of, or the weight to be 
given to, the evidence. A motion to exclude is not a proper vehicle for these 
purposes. See id. Therefore, we deny the MTE with regard to Exhibit 2023. 
 
Exhibits 2004–2006, 2008, 2009, and 2011–2020 
Exhibits 2004–2006, 2008, and 2009 are prior art references. 
Exhibits 2011–2013 and 2017–2020 are documents filed in other IPR 
proceedings and district court cases. Exhibits 2014–2016 are file histories of 
applications in the family of the challenged ’951 patent. In rendering this 
Decision, we do not rely on these Exhibits. 
According to Patent Owner, however, Dr. Satija considered 
Exhibits 2004–2006, 2008, 2009, and 2011–2020 when forming the basis of 
his expert testimony. MTE Opp. 2–3 (citing Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 20, 107, 108). 
Because we address the Declaration of Dr. Satija (Exhibit 2023), for the sake 
of completeness, we deny the MTE with regard to Exhibits 2004–2006, 
2008, 2009, and 2011–2020. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
38 
IV. 
CONCLUSION14 
After reviewing the entire record and weighing evidence offered by 
both parties, we determine that Petitioner has met its burden to show, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that Eltoukhy anticipates claims 1–28. 
In summary: 
 
 
 
 
14 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
15 As explained above, because we determine that Petitioner has shown 
Eltoukhy anticipates claims 1–28, we do not address whether these claims 
would have been obvious over Eltoukhy. See supra Section II.D.3.b. n.10. 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
References 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–28 
102 
Eltoukhy 
1–28 
 
1–28 
10315 
Eltoukhy 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–28 
 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
39 
V. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 1–28 of the ’951 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is 
denied-in-part and dismissed-in-part; 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-01158 
Patent 10,752,951 B2 
 
40 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Michael T. Rosato 
Jad A. Mills 
Sonja R. Gerrard 
Patrick M. Medley 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
mrosato@wsgr.com 
jmills@wsgr.com 
sgerrard@wsgr.com 
pmedley@wsgr.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Ralph Wilson Powers III 
David H. Holman 
Kristina C. Kelly 
Christopher M. Gallo 
Louis P. Panzica, Jr. 
STERNE, KESSLER, GOLDSTEIN & FOX PLLC 
tpowers-PTAB@sternekessler.com 
dholman-PTAB@sternekessler.com 
kckelly-PTAB@sternekessler.com 
cgallo-PTAB@sternekessler.com 
lpanzica-PTAB@sternekessler.com