--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper No. 49 
571-272-7822 
Date: May 17,2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
SYNTHEGO CORPORATION, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
 
 
Before ROBERT A. POLLOCK, DAVID COTTA, and 
MICHAEL A. VALEK, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
VALEK, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
Granting Joint Motion to Seal 
Granting Patent Owner’s Motion to Seal Portions of Sur-reply Brief 
37 C.F.R. §§ 42.14, 42.54 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Synthego Corporation (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 1, “Pet.”), 
seeking inter partes review of claims 1–33 of U.S. Patent No. 10,900,034 
B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’034 patent”). We instituted trial on all of the grounds in 
the Petition. Paper 11, 31. 
Following institution, Agilent Technologies, Inc. (“Patent Owner”) 
filed a Response (Paper 18, “Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 30, 
“Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 33, “Sur-reply”). We 
held a hearing on March 1, 2021, and a transcript is of record. Paper 48 
(“Tr.”). 
In addition, the parties have jointly moved to seal Exhibits 1053–1058 
and portions of the Reply (Paper 29) and Patent Owner has moved to seal 
portions of the Sur-reply (Paper 34). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and evidence, we find that 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged 
claims of the ’034 patent are unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). We also 
grant both motions to seal. Our reasoning is explained below. 
II. 
BACKGROUND 
A. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner and Patent Owner identify themselves as the only real 
parties in interest. Pet. 15; Paper 4, 2. 
B. The ’034 Patent 
The ’034 patent issued on January 26, 2021, and claims priority to a 
utility application filed on December 3, 2015, as well as a series of 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
3 
provisional applications the earliest of which was filed on December 3, 
2014. Ex. 1001, codes (60) (63). 
The ’034 patent relates to “modified guide RNAs and their use in 
clustered, regularly interspaced, short palindromic repeats (CRISPR)/ 
CRISPR-associated (Cas) systems.” Ex. 1001, Abstr. The Specification 
explains that “[i]n the native prokaryotic system” from which CRISPR 
technology is derived “the guide RNA (‘gRNA’) comprises two short, non-
coding RNA species referred to as CRISPR RNA (‘crRNA’) and trans-
acting RNA (‘tracrRNA’).” Id. at 1:41–44. The native CRISPR-Cas system 
may also be engineered to use a single guide RNA (sgRNA) that combines 
the crRNA and tracrRNA into a single molecule. Id. at 1:57–59. The guide 
RNA forms a complex with a Cas nuclease that is able to bind to a target 
DNA site adjacent a protospacer adjacent motif (“PAM”) sequence and 
cleave the target DNA at that specific site. Id. at 1:44–49, 2:21–34; see also 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 44–48; Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 49–54 (declarant testimony from both 
parties offering similar technical background on guide RNA and its function 
in CRISPR-Cas systems). 
According to the Specification, “there is a need for providing gRNA, 
including sgRNA, having increased resistance to nucleolytic degradation, 
increased binding affinity for the target polynucleotide, and/or reduced off-
target effects while, nonetheless, having gRNA functionality.” Ex. 1001, 
2:4–8. The Specification states that Patent Owner’s “invention is based, at 
least in part, on an unexpected discovery that certain chemical modifications 
to gRNA are tolerated by the CRISPR-Cas system.” Id. at 3:51–53. These 
modifications are “believed to increase the stability of the gRNA, to alter the 
thermostability of a gRNA hybridization interaction, and/or to decrease the 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
4 
off-target effects of Cas:gRNA complexation” and “do not substantially 
compromise the efficacy of Cas:gRNA binding to, nicking of, and/or 
cleavage of the target polynucleotide.” Id. at 3:50–59. 
C. Challenged Claims 
The Petition challenges claims 1–33. Of these, claims 1 and 19 are 
independent. Claims 1 and 19 are illustrative and read as follows: 
1. A synthetic CRISPR guide RNA comprising: 
(a) a crRNA segment comprising (i) a guide sequence 
capable of hybridizing to a target sequence in a polynucleotide, 
(ii) a stem sequence; and 
(b) a tracrRNA segment comprising a nucleotide 
sequence that is partially or completely complementary to the 
stem sequence, 
wherein the synthetic guide RNA has gRNA 
functionality comprising associating with a Cas protein and 
targeting the gRNA:Cas protein complex to the target sequence, 
and comprises one or more modifications in the guide sequence 
wherein the one or more modifications comprises a 
2’-O-methyl. 
 
19. A synthetic CRISPR crRNA molecule comprising 
a guide sequence capable of hybridizing to a target 
sequence in a polynucleotide, wherein the synthetic crRNA 
molecule comprises one or more modifications in the guide 
sequence; 
wherein the synthetic crRNA molecule has gRNA 
functionality comprising associating with a Cas protein and 
targeting the gRNA:Cas protein complex to the target sequence; 
and wherein the one or more modifications comprises a 
2’-O-methyl. 
Ex. 1001, 257:34–47, 259:1–9. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
5 
D. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts the following grounds of unpatentability: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §1 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–5, 8–21, 24–33 
102 
Pioneer Hi-Bred2 
5, 8–13, 18, 20, 21, 
24–28, 32 
103 
Pioneer Hi-Bred and Krützfeldt,3 
Deleavey,4 Soutschek,5 or Yoo6 
6, 7, 22, 23 
103 
Pioneer Hi-Bred and Threlfall7 or 
Deleavey 
3, 4 
103 
Pioneer Hi-Bred and Knowledge 
of Person of Ordinary Skill in the 
Art (“POSA”) 
5, 8–13, 20, 21, 24–
28 
103 
Pioneer Hi-Bred and Knowledge 
of POSA 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 
(2011) (“AIA”), included revisions to 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 that became 
effective prior to the filing of the application that led to the ’001 patent. 
Therefore, we apply the AIA versions of 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103. 
2 WO 2015/026885 A1, published February 26, 2015 (Ex. 1006) (“Pioneer 
Hi-Bred”). 
3 Jan Krützfeldt et. al, “Specificity, Duplex Degradation and Subcellular 
Localization of Antagomirs,” 35 Nucleic Acids Research 2885–2892 (2007) 
(Ex. 1009) (“Krützfeldt”). 
4 Glen F. Deleavey et. al., “Designing Chemically Modified 
Oligonucleotides for Targeted Gene Silencing,” 19 Chem. & Bio. Review 
937–954 (2012) (Ex. 1007) (“Deleavey”). 
5 Jürgen Soutschek et. al., “Therapeutic Silencing of an Endogenous Gene 
by Systemic Administration of Modified siRNAs,” 432 Nature 173–178 
(2004) (Ex. 1012) (“Soutschek”). 
6 Byong Hoon Yoo et al., “2′-O-methyl-modified Phosphorothioate 
Antisense Oligonucleotides Have Reduced Non-specific Effects In Vitro,” 
32 Nucleic Acids Research 2008–2016 (2004) (Ex. 1011) (“Yoo”). 
7 Richard N. Threlfall et al., “Synthesis and Biological Activity of 
Phosphonoacetate- and Thiophosphonoacetate-modified 2′-O-methyl 
Oligoribonucleotides,” 10 Org. Biomol. Chem., 746–754 (2012) (Ex. 1010) 
(“Threlfall”). 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
6 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §1 
Reference(s)/Basis 
14, 29 
103 
Pioneer Hi-Bred and Knowledge 
of POSA 
 
In support of these grounds, Petitioner relies on declarations from 
Henry Morrice Furneaux submitted with the Petition (Ex. 1003) and Reply 
(Ex. 1059). Patent Owner relies on declarations from William S. Marshall 
submitted with its Preliminary Response (Ex. 2003) and Response 
(Ex. 2025). Patent Owner also relies on a declaration from one of the 
inventors named on the ’034 patent, Jeffrey R. Sampson (Ex. 2029). 
III. 
ANALYSIS OF THE ASSERTED GROUNDS 
A. Legal Standards 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016). This burden of persuasion never shifts to patent owner. See 
Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 
(Fed. Cir. 2015). 
i. 
Anticipation 
To establish anticipation, each limitation in a claim must be found in a 
single prior art reference, arranged as recited in the claim. Net MoneyIN, Inc. 
v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008). Although the 
elements must be arranged or combined in the same way as in the claim, 
“the reference need not satisfy an ipsissimis verbis test.” In re Gleave, 
560 F.3d 1331, 1334 (Fed. Cir. 2009). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
7 
Further, to be anticipating, a prior art reference must be enabling. In 
re Morsa, 803 F.3d 1374, 1377 (Fed. Cir. 2015). “Enablement of prior art 
requires that the reference teach a skilled artisan––at the time of filing––to 
make or carry out what it discloses in relation to the claimed invention 
without undue experimentation.” Id. (citing In re Antor Media Corp., 689 
F.3d 1282, 1289–90 (Fed. Cir. 2012)). Prior art disclosures are presumed 
enabling. In re Antor Media Corp., 689 F.3d 1282, 1287–88 (Fed. Cir. 
2012); Apple Inc. v. Corephotonics, Ltd., 861 Fed. Appx. 443, 450 (Fed. Cir. 
2021) (“[R]egardless of the forum, prior art patents and publications enjoy a 
presumption of enablement, and the patentee/applicant has the burden to 
prove nonenablement for such prior art.”). 
ii. 
Obviousness 
A claim is unpatentable for obviousness if, to one of ordinary skill in 
the pertinent art, “the differences between the claimed invention and the 
prior art are such that the claimed invention as a whole would have been 
obvious before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to a person 
having ordinary skill in the art to which the claimed invention pertains.” 35 
U.S.C. § 103; see also KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) when in evidence, objective 
evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 
(1966). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
8 
Subsumed within the Graham factors is the requirement that the 
skilled artisan would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
combining the prior art references to achieve the claimed invention. Pfizer, 
Inc. v. Apotex, Inc., 480 F.3d 1348, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2007). “Obviousness 
does not require absolute predictability of success . . . all that is required is a 
reasonable expectation of success.” In re O’Farrell, 853 F.2d 894, 903–4 
(Fed. Cir. 1988). Moreover, “[t]he combination of familiar elements 
according to known methods is likely to be obvious when it does no more 
than yield predictable results.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 416. 
On the other hand, a patent claim “is not proved obvious merely by 
demonstrating that each of its elements was, independently, known in the 
prior art.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. An obviousness determination requires 
finding “both ‘that a skilled artisan would have been motivated to combine 
the teachings of the prior art references to achieve the claimed invention, and 
that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so.’” Intelligent Bio-Sys., Inc. v. Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 
1359, 1367–68 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (citation omitted). 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
 
Relying on the testimony of its declarant, Dr. Furneaux, Petitioner 
contends that a POSA “as of December 3, 2014 (the earliest possible priority 
date of the ’034 Patent) would have had a Ph.D. in molecular biology, 
biochemistry, or a related discipline.” Pet. 11 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 59). 
Petitioner further asserts that “[a] POSA would have understood the 
chemical structure of nucleic acids, such as DNA and RNA, and would have 
understood the role of such nucleic acids in cellular biology” and been aware 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
9 
of various prior art “methods to chemically modify RNA, including gRNAs 
for use in gene regulation.” Id. at 11–12 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 60–69). 
Petitioner further asserts that a POSA would “have known about uses of 
chemically modified gRNA in CRISPR-Cas applications,” “about making 
libraries of such modified gRNAs,” and “attaching fluorophores at the 5’-
ends . . . for purposes of tracking them.” Id. at 12–13 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 70–
80). 
 
Patent Owner agrees that a POSA would have this educational level. 
Resp. 23. Patent Owner “also agrees that a POSA would have knowledge of 
prior art RNA based gene regulating technologies, but disagrees that the 
teachings of those technologies are relevant in the manner that Dr. Furneaux 
[and Petitioner] attempt[] to apply them” in the Petition’s grounds. Id. at 23–
24. 
 
We find the parties’ agreed understanding of the level of ordinary skill 
in the art to be supported by the record and apply that description in our 
analysis herein. To the extent the parties disagree regarding the application 
of a POSA’s general knowledge of nucleic acids and related prior art 
techniques to the Petition’s grounds, such disputes are addressed in our 
analysis below. 
C. Claim Construction 
The parties assert that all of the claim terms have their plain and 
ordinary meaning and that no formal claim construction is necessary. See 
Pet. 17; Resp. 24. Nevertheless, both sides accuse the other of misconstruing 
the “gRNA functionality” recited in the challenged claims. See Resp. 24–25; 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
10 
Reply 16; Sur-reply 2–4. Accordingly, we begin by briefly clarifying the 
gRNA functionality required by the claims. 
 
Independent claims 1 and 19 recite a guide RNA or crRNA molecule 
having “gRNA functionality comprising associating with a Cas protein and 
targeting the gRNA:Cas protein complex to the target sequence.” Ex. 1001, 
257:42–44, 259:5–7. This claim language makes clear that the recited 
“gRNA functionality” requires a molecule that can: (1) associate with a Cas 
protein, and (2) target that complex to a target sequence in a polynucleotide. 
To the extent Petitioner suggests that a gRNA “need only bind to the Cas 
protein” to have “gRNA functionality,” we disagree because the claims 
additionally recite the above-quoted targeting functionality. See Reply 16 
(emphasis added). 
 
At the same time, we agree with Petitioner that “a gRNA need not 
cleave the target DNA” to have the claimed “gRNA functionality.” Reply 
16. The Specification defines “gRNA functionality” as “one or more 
functions of naturally occurring guide RNA, such as associating with a Cas 
protein, or a function performed by the guide RNA in association with a Cas 
protein” and lists various gRNA functions, e.g., “associating,” “targeting,” 
“binding,” “nicking,” and “cleaving,” that may be present “in certain 
embodiments” of the invention. Ex. 1001, 6:56–7:1. However, as noted 
above, the claims recite “gRNA functionality comprising” only the 
associating and targeting functions. Thus, while a molecule may have 
additional functions such as cleaving a target polynucleotide, it need only 
exhibit the recited “associating” and “targeting” functions to have the 
“gRNA functionality” in claims 1 and 19. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
11 
 
Our determination that “gRNA functionality” requires the recited 
“associating” and “targeting” functions, but not additional, unrecited 
functions such as cleaving, is also consistent with the parties’ position that 
the claim language has its plain and ordinary meaning. See Pet. 17; Resp. 24. 
The parties do not dispute the construction of any other terms, nor do we 
discern that any further claim construction is necessary to resolve the issues 
in this proceeding. See Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad OceanMotor 
Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (explaining that it is only 
necessary to “construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and only to the extent 
necessary to resolve the controversy’” (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. 
& Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
D. Overview of the Cited References 
i. 
Pioneer Hi-Bred 
 
Pioneer Hi-Bred is a publication of a PCT application filed August 20, 
2014. Ex. 1006, code (22). Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s 
assertion that Pioneer Hi-Bred is prior art to the challenged claims. Pet. 14. 
Pioneer Hi-Bred describes “methods and compositions employ[ing] a 
guide polynucleotide/Cas endonuclease system to provide an effective 
system for modifying or altering target sites within the genome of a cell or 
organism.” Ex. 1006, Abstr. Pioneer Hi-Bred defines the term “guide 
polynucleotide” as “a polynucleotide sequence that can form a complex with 
a Cas endonuclease and enables the Cas endonuclease to recognize and 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
12 
optionally cleave a DNA target site.” Id. at 24:6–8.8 Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches 
that the polynucleotide “can be a single molecule or a double molecule” and 
that “[a] guide polynucleotide that solely comprises ribonucleic acids is also 
referred to as a ‘guide RNA.’” Id. at 24:9–20. 
Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses a guide RNA with a variable targeting 
domain (VT domain) having a 3’-end “that is complementary to a nucleotide 
sequence in a target DNA” and a Cas endonuclease recognition domain 
(CER domain) having a 5’-end “that interacts with a Cas endonuclease.” 
Ex. 1006, 24:21–25: 28, Fig. 1A–1B (depicting single and duplex guide 
polynucleotides). Pioneer Hi-Bred explains that “[t]he VT domain is 
responsible for interacting with the DNA target site through direct 
nucleotide-nucleotide base pairings while the CER domain is required for 
proper Cas endonuclease recognition (Figure 3A and Figure 3B).” Id. at 
105:5–8. Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches that these domains in the guide 
polynucleotide “function to link DNA target site recognition with Cas 
endonuclease target site cleavage.” Id. at 105:9–11; see also id. at Fig. 3A-
3B (depicting complexes formed between a single and duplex guide RNA 
and a Cas9 endonuclease). 
Pioneer Hi-Bred also discloses that the guide polynucleotide may 
contain “synthetic, non-natural, or altered nucleotide bases” as well as other 
modifications such as “a fluorescent label.” Ex. 1006, 27:3–19, 61:19–20. In 
Example 4, Pioneer Hi-Bred describes “modifying the nucleotide base, 
phosphodiester bond linkage or molecular topography of the guiding nucleic 
 
8 Unless otherwise indicated, the pinpoint cites in this decision refer to the 
page number in the original document as opposed to the number in the 
exhibit label. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
13 
acid component(s) of the guide polynucleotide/Cas endonuclease system.” 
Id. at 104:15–105:2. Table 7 of Example 4 provides “[e]xamples of nuclease 
resistant nucleotide and phosphodiester bond modifications,” including 
“2’-O-Methyl RNA Bases” and “Phosphorothioate bond[s],” that may be 
introduced in order “to reduce unwanted degradation” of the guide 
polynucleotide. Id. at 106:13–107:5. Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses that 
[m]odifications may be introduced at the 5’ and 3’ ends of any 
one of the nucleic acid residues comprising the VT or CER 
domains to inhibit exonuclease cleavage activity, can be 
introduced in the middle of the nucleic acid sequence 
comprising the VT or CER domains to slow endonuclease 
cleavage activity or can be introduced throughout the nucleic 
acid sequences comprising the VT or CER domains to provide 
protection from both exo- and endo-nucleases. 
Id. at 106:19–25. According to Pioneer Hi-Bred, these modified guide 
polynucleotides may be used “in any organism subject to genome 
modification with the guide polynucleotide/Cas endonuclease system.” Id. at 
108:3–5. 
 
In Example 5 of Pioneer Hi-Bred, “some the nucleotide base and 
phosphodiester bond modifications described in Example 4 are introduced 
into the VT domain and/or CER domain of a crNucleotide.” Ex. 1006, 
108:16–18. Table 8 of Example 5, reproduced in part below, describes 
crRNA sequences with modifications, including modifications “near ends” 
or “at ends” of the VT and CER domains (i.e., sequences 64–69). 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
14 
 
Id. at 109. The excerpt from Table 8 above shows modifications comprising 
phosphorothioate bonds (denoted with a “*”) and 2’-O-methyl RNA 
nucleotides (denoted with a “m”) to particular nucleotides of a crRNA 
sequence. See id. at 109–110, n.1. The first nucleotide in the sequences in 
the VT Domain column is at the 5’ end of the crRNA and the last nucleotide 
in the sequences in the CER Domain column is at the 3’ end. See Ex. 1006, 
Fig. 1A; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 126–29, 131–34. Thus, for example, sequence 66 
discloses a crRNA with 2’-O-methyl modifications to the sugars of the three 
nucleotides at the 5’ end and sequence 67 discloses a crRNA with 2’-O-
methyl modifications to the sugars of the three nucleotides at the 3’ end. 
Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses that modifications “similar to those 
illustrated in Example 5 Table 8 can be introduced individually or in 
combination into the crRNA, crDNA, tracrRNA, tracrDNA, long guide 
RNA or long guide DNA nucleic acid components of the guide polynuclease 
system and synthesized per standard techniques.” Ex. 1006, 113:25–29. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
15 
ii. 
Krutzfeldt 
 
Krutzfeldt was published in 2007. Ex. 1009. Patent Owner does not 
dispute that Krutzfedlt is prior art to the challenged claims. 
 
According to Krutzfeldt, “MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are an abundant 
class of 20-23-nt long regulators of gene expression.” Ex. 1009, Abstr. 
Krutzfeldt describes analogs of these miRNAs referred to as “antagomirs.” 
Id. at 2885. These antagomirs “differ from normal RNA by complete 2’-O-
methylation of sugar, phosphorothioate backbone and a cholesterol-moiety 
at 3’-end.” Id. at 2885. Krutzfeldt discloses the combination of 2’-O-methyl 
and phosphorothioate modifications on nucleotides at the 5’ and 3’ ends of 
its antagomirs. Id. at 2886 (Table 1 disclosing antagomir sequences with a 
lower case letters indicating a 2’-O-methyl modification and a superscript 
indicating a phosphorothioate linkage). Krutzfeldt teaches these 
modifications “protect against different RNAse activities” that would 
otherwise degrade the RNA strand. See id. at 2889 (teaching 
“phosphorothioate modification to protect against exonucleases” and 2’-O-
methyl sugar modification “to protect against endonuclease activity”). 
iii. 
Deleavey 
Deleavey is a review article published in 2012. Ex. 1007. Patent 
Owner does not dispute that Deleavey is prior art to the challenged claims. 
Deleavey teaches that oligonucleotides (ONs) such as small 
interfering (siRNAs) and microRNA-targeting ONs (anti-miRNAs) “and 
their chemically modified mimics, are now routinely used in the laboratory” 
and “under active investigation in the clinic.” Ex. 1007, 937. Deleavey 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
16 
teaches that an array of ON chemical modifications have been developed to 
overcome the “therapeutically limiting features” of RNAs. Id. 
In particular, Deleavey explains that RNAs “are rapidly degraded in 
cells . . . leading to shortened duration of activity and systemic delivery 
challenges.” Ex. 1007, 941. Deleavey teaches that chemical modifications to 
both the internucleotide linkage, e.g., phosphorothioate and 
phosphonoacetate (PACE), and sugar, e.g., 2’-O-methyl nucleosides, had 
been shown to improve stability in various RNA applications. See id. at 
942–47. 
iv. 
Soutschek 
Soutschek was published in 2004. Ex. 1012, 173. Patent Owner does 
not dispute that Soutschek is prior art to the challenged claims. 
Soutschek describes chemically modified short interfering RNAs 
(siRNAs). Ex. 1012, 173. Soutschek teaches that “[c]hemically stabilized 
siRNAs with partial phosphorothioate backbone and 2’-O-methyl sugar 
modifications on the sense and antisense strands showed significantly 
enhanced resistance towards degradation by exo- and endonucleases in 
serum and tissue homogenates.” Id.; see also id. at 177 (listing sequences of 
chemically-modified siRNAs with phosphorothioate and 2’-O-methyl sugar 
modifications on certain nucleotides). 
v. 
Yoo 
Yoo was published in 2004. Ex. 1011, 2008. Patent Owner does not 
dispute that Yoo is prior art to the challenged claims. 
Yoo describes antisense oligodeoxynucleotides (ODNs) having both 
phosphorothioate and 2’-O-methyl sugar modifications. Ex. 1011, 2008. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
17 
Yoo teaches that “the addition of 2’-O-methyl groups to a phosphorothioate-
modified ODN is advantageous because of increased stability of binding and 
reduced non-specific effects.” Id. 
vi. 
Threlfall 
Threlfall was published in 2012. Ex. 1010, 746. Patent Owner does 
not dispute that Threlfall is prior art to the challenged claims. 
Threlfall describes “[c]himeric 2’-O-methyl oligoribonucleotides (2’-
OMe ORNs) containing internucleotide linkages which were modified with 
phosphonoacetate (PACE) or thiophosphonoacetate (thioPACE)” at their 
ends. Ex. 1010, 746; see also id. at 747 (Table 1 showing chemically 
modified sequences). Threlfall explains that “[o]ligoribonucleotides with a 
2’-O-methyl modification . . . are known to be nuclease resistant and 
increase the stability of a duplex which is formed with complementary 
RNA.” Id. at 746. Moreover, Threlfall teaches that “ODNs modified with 
PACE or thioPACE [had been] shown to be nuclease resistant” in a prior 
study. Id. at 747. Threlfall reports results from tests on ORNs combining 
these chemical modifications “into chimeric 2’-OMe ORNs as PACE or 
thioPACE modifications.” Id. at 752. According to Threlfall, “the chimeric 
ORNs formed stable duplexes with complementary RNA, and the majority 
of these duplexes had higher thermal melting temperatures than an 
unmodified RNA:RNA control duplex.” Id. 
E. Ground 1: Anticipation by Pioneer Hi-Bred 
 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–5, 8–21, and 21–33 are anticipated 
by Pioneer Hi-Bred. See Pet. 17–47. As explained below, Petitioner has 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
18 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that these claims are anticipated 
by Pioneer Hi-Bred. 
i. 
Claims 1 and 19 
 
Petitioner has shown that Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses guide RNA and 
crRNA molecules having 2’-O-methyl modifications as recited in claims 1 
and 19. See, e.g., Pet. 17–30, 44 (showing for claims 1 and 19). In particular, 
Table 8 in Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses exemplary crRNA molecules 
comprising 2’-O-methyl modifications in the VT domain (e.g., sequences 66 
and 68). Ex. 1006, 109. The VT domain corresponds to the “guide 
sequence” in claims 1 and 19 because it is “complementary to a nucleotide 
sequence in a target DNA” meaning that it hybridizes to a target sequence in 
that polynucleotide. Id. at 24:23–28, 97:17–18, Fig. 3A–B; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 130–
33. Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches that crRNAs, including those in Table 8, also 
have a CER domain (i.e., a stem sequence) that is complementary to and 
paired with a tracrRNA to form a duplex guide RNA. Id. at 8:22–31, 24:32–
25:10, 109:4–9, Fig. 1A, 3A; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 129–33, 138. Pioneer Hi-Bred 
further discloses embodiments in which modifications similar to those 
exemplified in Table 8 are introduced into a long guide RNA (i.e., a single 
guide RNA) in which the crRNA and tracrRNA are fused together. Id. at 
113:25–29; see also id. at 10:8–13, Fig. 1B, 3B (depicting a “Long guide 
RNA” as a “fused crRNA and tracrRNA”)); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 125–29, 135–37. 
 
 Petitioner has also shown that Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses the recited 
“gRNA functionality.” See Pet. 25–26 (Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 128–29, 142–46). 
Pioneer Hi-Bred defines the term “guide polynucleotide” as “a 
polynucleotide sequence that can form a complex with a Cas endonuclease 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
19 
and enables the Cas endonuclease to recognize and optionally cleave a DNA 
target site.” Ex. 1006, 24:6–8. Thus, Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses that the 
guide polynucleotides described therein can: (1) form a complex with a Cas 
endonuclease; and (2) enable the endonuclease to recognize a DNA target 
site. That disclosure reads on both the associating and targeting aspects of 
the “gRNA functionality” recited in claims 1 and 19. 
 
Pioneer Hi-Bred refers to the modified sequences in Examples 4 and 5 
as “modified guide polynucleotides,” indicating that those sequences have 
this functionality. Ex. 1006, 107:14–18:11; see also id. at 109:4–6 (referring 
to the complex formed by the “modified crRNA or crDNA components 
described in Table 8” as a “modified guide polynucleotide/Cas endonuclease 
complex”). Other statements in these examples confirm this understanding. 
See id. at 107:14–24 (explaining that modified guide polynucleotides may be 
delivered with the other components of the “guide polynucleotide/Cas 
endonuclease system” to “form a functional complex capable of binding 
and/or cleaving a chromosomal DNA target site”); 107:24–108:2 (“Modified 
guide polynucleotides described above may also be delivered simultaneously 
in multiplex to target multiple chromosomal DNA sequences for cleavage or 
nicking.”).9 
 
9 While the claimed “gRNA functionality” does not require cleavage, the 
fact that cleavage occurs at a target site indicates that a gRNA is capable of 
associating with a Cas endonuclease and targeting it to a particular site. See 
Ex. 1059 ¶ 31 (explaining that “Agilent’s cleavage experiments [in the 
Specification of the ’034 patent] that show cleavage activity for certain 
gRNAs establish that ‘gRNA functionality’ is present for gRNAs,” but the 
absence of cleavage activity “does not mean that it does not have ‘gRNA 
functionality’ because such a gRNA may nonetheless form a complex with 
Cas without effecting target cleavage”). 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
20 
Accordingly, we agree with Petitioner that Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses 
synthetic guide RNA and crRNA molecules as recited in claims 1 and 19. In 
its Response, Patent Owner contends that Pioneer Hi-Bred does not disclose 
the recited “gRNA functionality” and is non-enabling. See Resp. 29–44. As 
explained below, both of these arguments are unavailing. 
1. Whether Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses a functional gRNA 
 
Patent Owner argues that “Pioneer Hi-Bred does not disclose a single 
functional modified gRNA.” Resp. 30. According to Patent Owner, Pioneer 
Hi-Bred tested only a single modified guide polynucleotide made of DNA, 
which subsequent testing revealed was not successful. See id. at 30–34. 
Patent Owner argues that Examples 4 and 5 “do not reveal any actual 
testing” and are “simply an invitation to experiment . . . that precludes a 
finding of anticipation because functionality is not disclosed.” Id. at 34–36. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner did not assert “anticipation by 
inherency” for the gRNA functionality limitation. Resp. 36. According to 
Patent Owner, this is because “some of the sequences identified in Table 8 
exhibited no functionality, including some 2’-O-Methyl modifications, so it 
cannot be assumed that this combination will work.” Id. Patent Owner points 
to results in the Specification of the challenged patent showing that the use 
of chemically modified gRNAs with 26 and 37 consecutive 2’-O-methyl-
modified nucleotides at the 5’ end did not result in cleavage activity. Id. at 
37 (referring to Table 4 results for entry nos. 151 and 152 in Ex. 1001). 
According to Patent Owner, these results show “the proposed modifications 
in sequences 68 and 69 [in Table 8] together are non-functional.” Id. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
21 
Patent Owner further contends that “a POSA would doubt” that 
sequences 64–6910 in Table 8 of Pioneer Hi-Bred “would function at all 
because each design is both truncated and is also modified.” Sur-reply 8 
(citing Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 201–03, 221, 242–46); Ex. 1026, Ex. 1033, Ex. 2044, 
Ex. 2045). Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Marshall testifies that “a putative 
guide sequence is 20 nt in length,” whereas the VT domain sequences in 
Pioneer Hi-Bred’s sequences 64, 66, and 68 are “each only 17 nt long.” Ex. 
2025 ¶ 201. According to Patent Owner and Dr. Marshall, this means “the 
nucleotides being edited in Pioneer Hi-Bred are 4, 5, and 6 because 1, 2, and 
3 have already been truncated from the end. But Nishimasu found that 
positions 4, 5, and 6 were crucial positions in the context of gRNA 
associating and targeting.” Resp. 38–39; see also Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 202–03. 
Petitioner replies, urging that testing data is not required for a prior art 
reference to be anticipatory. See Reply 2–5 (citing cases). Petitioner argues 
that Pioneer Hi-Bred provides a targeted disclosure that identifies only five 
types of modifications for decreasing unwanted nuclease degradation and 
“explains precisely why those modifications should be used.” Id. at 13–14 
(citing Ex. 1006, 107 (Table 7)). Moreover, Petitioner urges that Pioneer Hi-
Bred “presents exemplary embodiments of gRNAs [in sequences 64–69 of 
Table 8] containing those modifications and the precise positions where 
those modifications ought to be placed, including the types and locations of 
 
10 Sequences 64 and 65 disclose phosphorothioate modifications. While not 
recited in claims 1 and 19, such modifications are recited in some of the 
dependent claims. See Ex. 1001, 257:62–64, 258:41–57, 259:15–17, 259:24–
260:10 (claims 5, 9–13, 21, and 24–28). We address them here for 
completeness. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
22 
modifications that anticipate” the challenged claims. Id. at 14–15 (citing Ex. 
1006, 109). 
Regarding Patent Owner’s argument that the cleavage data in the ’034 
patent Specification shows that Pioneer Hi-Bred’s sequences 68 and 69 lack 
functionality, Petitioner points out that the “gRNA functionality” in claims 1 
and 19 does not require cleavage. Reply 16–17. Thus, Petitioner urges there 
is not “a shred of evidence that the sequences 68 and 69 in Pioneer Hi-Bred 
do not show the type of ‘gRNA functionality’” in claims 1 and 19. Id. at 17 
(citing Ex. 1060, 129:17–23; Ex. 1061, 105:15–25, 106:16–24, 107:14–25, 
108:13–109:11). 
Petitioner replies to Patent Owner’s truncation argument and the 
related testimony of Dr. Marshall with evidence from Dr. Furneaux. See Ex. 
1059 ¶¶ 73–75. According to Dr. Furneaux, the record does not support 
Dr. Marshall’s assumption that the sequences in Table 8 are truncated 
because Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches that the VT domain varies in length and is 
“designed based on the target sequence,” which for the crRNAs in Table 8 is 
the 17 nucleotides long. Id. ¶ 74. Dr. Furneaux further testifies that the 
references Dr. Marshall cites as showing that truncated gRNAs do not work 
actually “support the opposite conclusion, that gRNAs with target sequences 
of 17 nucleotides are functional.” Id. ¶ 75. 
We find Petitioner’s arguments and evidence persuasive. It is well 
established that “anticipation does not require actual performance of 
suggestions in a disclosure.” Novo Nordisk Pharms., Inc. v. Bio-Tech. Gen. 
Corp., 424 F.3d 1347, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2005); see also In re Donohue, 766 
F.2d 531, 533 (Fed. Cir. 1985). Moreover, the Petition need not assert that 
“gRNA functionality” is inherently disclosed because Petitioner has shown 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
23 
that Pioneer Hi-Bred’s expressly discloses this limitation. Pet. 25–26 (citing 
evidence). There is no additional requirement that this express disclosure be 
backed by test data in order for the reference to be anticipatory. See, e.g., 
Novo, 424 F.3d at 1355; Rasmusson v. SmithKline Beecham Corp., 413 F.3d 
1318, 1326 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (“[P]roof of efficacy is not required in order for 
a reference to be enabled for purposes of anticipation.”). 
Patent Owner suggests we should ignore what it calls a “bald 
assertion” of gRNA functionality in Pioneer Hi-Bred because either that 
assertion is incorrect or a POSA would doubt that it was true. See Resp. 2. 
We disagree. To begin with, Patent Owner’s reliance on the purported 
failure of Pioneer Hi-Bred’s DNA-based embodiments is unavailing. Pioneer 
Hi-Bred discloses both DNA and RNA-based embodiments. The Petition is 
premised on the latter. Even if we accept Patent Owner’s argument that the 
DNA-based examples lack gRNA functionality, that fact does not suggest 
that a POSA would doubt that the RNA-based embodiments, e.g., crRNAs 
comprising sequences 64–69 in Table 8, lack such functionality. 
Patent Owner’s argument that a POSA would doubt whether Pioneer 
Hi-Bred’s RNA-based embodiments have gRNA functionality because the 
VT domain in sequences 64, 66, and 68 is truncated is also unpersuasive. 
First, Pioneer Hi-Bred does not state that these sequences are truncated, nor 
does the record support Patent Owner’s argument that these sequences are 
necessarily truncated because they are 17 nt, as opposed to 20 nt, long. To 
the contrary, Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches that the VT domain may vary in 
length from 12 to 30 nt. Ex. 1006, 3:19–20, 98:19–23. In addition, Pioneer 
Hi-Bred explains that the sequences in Table 8 are designed to target the 
“LIGCas-3” site in Maize, which is 17 nt long. Id. at 109:4–9; see also id. at 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
24 
99:15–18 (Table 1 identifying 17 nt target site sequence for LIGCas-3). 
Thus, the record supports, and we credit, Dr. Furneaux’s testimony that the 
VT domain for these sequences is 17 nt because it is designed to target a 17 
nt sequence––not because it has been truncated.11 Ex. 1059 ¶ 74. 
 
Second, even if those sequences were truncated, the record does not 
support Patent Owner’s argument that a POSA would doubt that they have 
gRNA functionality. Patent Owner’s argument is premised on Dr. Marshall’s 
testimony that these sequences “are truncated to a point that would render 
them nonfunctional.” Ex. 2025 ¶ 200. But the references he cites do not 
support that position. See Ex. 2025 ¶ 202 (citing Ex. 1033 (“Fu”); Ex. 2044 
(“Cencic”); and Ex. 2045 (“Mali”)). To the contrary, Fu evidences that 
“truncated gRNAs, with shorter regions of target complementarity <20 
nucleotides in length” are functional and that truncation to 17 nt is 
beneficial. Ex. 1033, Abstr.; see also id. at 283 (“[W]e found that [truncated] 
gRNAs with 17 or 18 nucleotides of complementarity generally function 
efficiently at the intended target site and have improved specificities.”). 
Cencic and Mali likewise do not suggest that a 17 nt VT domain would lack 
gRNA functionality. See Ex. 2025 ¶ 202 (citing Cencic as showing 
“truncated gRNA tests showed that a guide sequence of only 16 nucleotides” 
abolished cleavage activity); Ex. 2045, Supp. Fig. 10 (“1-3 bp 5’ [gRNA] 
 
11 Patent Owner asserts that Dr. Furneaux “adopted the definition of 
‘truncated gRNAs’ as those with ‘regions of target complementarity <20 
nucleotides in length” in paragraph 79 of his opening declaration. Sur-reply 
8 n. 1. We disagree. The testimony in paragraph 79 refers to the particular 
results in Fu. See Ex. 1003 ¶ 78 (citing Ex. 1033). We see nothing there that 
suggests Dr. Furneaux agrees with Patent Owner’s position that any gRNA 
with a VT region of less than 20 nt is truncated. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
25 
truncations are indeed well tolerated, but larger deletions lead to loss of 
activity”). Accordingly, we credit Dr. Furneaux’s testimony (see, e.g., Ex. 
1003 ¶ 78, Ex. 1059 ¶¶ 73–75) over the competing testimony offered by Dr. 
Marshall on these points. 
 
At oral argument, Patent Owner took its argument a step further 
asserting not only that a POSA would doubt their functionality, but also that 
that the record shows that Pioneer Hi-Bred sequences 64–67, in fact, lack 
gRNA functionality because they combine truncation with chemical 
modifications to the 4, 5, and 6 nucleotides of the untruncated gRNA. See 
Tr. 41:3–48:16 (urging that “Nishimasu” (Ex. 1026) shows that the 
nucleotides at this position are critical to gRNA functionality). This new 
argument is unavailing.12 First, as explained above, the record does not 
support Patent Owner’s argument that the VT domain in these sequences is 
truncated. Second, there is test data in the record demonstrating gRNA 
functionality for both truncated gRNAs and gRNAs with modifications to 
the 4, 5, and 6 nucleotides. See, e.g., Ex. 1033, 283; Ex. 2045, Supp. Fig. 10; 
 
12 In its papers, Patent Owner asserts that a POSA would “doubt” the gRNA 
functionality of sequences 64–69 for this reason. Sur-reply 8; see also Resp. 
39 (arguing that the “combination of truncation and modifications would 
have been unpredictable” and thus gRNA functionality was not “inherent”); 
Ex. 2025 ¶ 203 (“[A] POSA would seriously question whether the guide 
sequence designs of Table 8 would be functional”). But at the hearing, 
Patent Owner stated it was asserting “both” that a POSA would doubt their 
functionality and that these sequences do not, in fact, exhibit gRNA 
functionality and that the record demonstrates such. Tr. 41:3–16. This latter 
point is a new argument that was not clearly presented in the Response and 
has therefore been waived. Even if it had been timely presented, we find that 
the record does not support Patent Owner’s position that Pioneer Hi-Bred’s 
sequences 64–69 are non-functional. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
26 
Ex. 1001, Tables 3 and 4 (Patent Owner’s Specification showing cleavage 
activity for truncated gRNAs with a 17 nt target sequence and gRNAs with 
chemical modifications at the 4, 5, and 6 nucleotides). While not prior art, 
this data does tend to rebut Patent Owner’s argument that sequences 64–67 
lack gRNA functionality because it shows that both truncation to 17 nt and 
modifications to the 4, 5, and 6 nucleotides can be individually tolerated 
without losing cleavage activity. 
We also disagree with Patent Owner’s argument that the cleavage data 
in its Specification shows that a crRNA corresponding to Pioneer Hi-Bred’s 
sequences 68 and 69 would lack “gRNA functionality.” Resp. 36–37. The 
data Patent Owner points to shows only that cleavage did not occur. 
Cleavage, however, is not required for the “gRNA functionality” recited in 
claims 1 and 12. Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Sampson admitted on cross-
examination that just because a gRNA in Table 4 lacks cleavage activity 
does not demonstrate that it also lacks the ability to bind a Cas protein and 
target that complex to target polynucleotide: 
Q. [T]he handful of guide RNAs that you identified in Table 4 
of the [’034] patent as not exhibiting cleavage, those may 
nonetheless bind with a Cas protein and form a complex with 
the target DNA; correct? 
A. Yeah. I can’t, you known, answer that definitively. 
Q. All we know is that it might or might not happen; right? We 
don’t know one way or the other? 
A. There is no objective evidence that would be able to 
indicate that. 
*** 
Q. I just want to be clear, the handful of guide RNAs that you 
point out as being nonfunctional, you don’t actually know 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
27 
whether they actually have gRNA functionality as claimed in 
the claims; right? 
A. What I’d say is that I can’t – there’s no objective evidence 
that allows you for a determination of whether the guides bind 
to Cas9 or direct the programmed Cas9 to the target site. 
*** 
Q. You can’t say one way or another whether the guide RNAs 
that you say are not functional actually lack that gRNA 
functionality as claimed in the claims; right? 
A. I can state that I have no evidence to differentiate between 
whether they would bind to the Cas or direct the Cas to a target 
sequence. 
 
Ex. 1060, 106:16–109:11 (objections omitted); see also Ex. 1059 ¶ 31 
(similar testimony from Dr. Furneaux). Thus, the data in Table 4 of the 
Specification showing a lack of cleavage activity does not demonstrate that 
the corresponding gRNA lacks the claimed “gRNA functionality.” 
Moreover, Patent Owner’s argument only applies to a crRNA that 
combines sequences 68 and 69 “together” resulting in a crRNA with 39 
consecutive 2’-O-methyl modifications. Resp. 37. However, Pioneer Hi-
Bred discloses that these modifications may be introduced “individually or 
in combination.” Ex. 1006, 113:25–29. If introduced individually, a crRNA 
having the modifications in sequence 68 would have 17 2’-O-methyl 
modifications and a crRNA having the modifications in sequence 69 would 
have 22 such modifications. This is closer to the number of modifications in 
sequences that the data in the Specification shows do have cleavage activity 
(e.g., Table 4 Entry #s 146–150 having 20 consecutive 2’-O-methyl 
modifications) than it is to the sequences Patent Owner identifies as lacking 
cleavage activity. See Resp. 37 (citing Ex. 1001, 119 (Table 4 Entry #s 151 
and 152 having 26 and 37 consecutive sugar modifications). Therefore, the 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
28 
data in the Specification does not show that a crRNA comprising sequence 
68 or 69 would lack cleavage activity, much less the broader “gRNA 
functionality” recited in the challenged claims. 
For these reasons, we determine that Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses 
functional, chemically-modified gRNAs as recited in claims 1 and 19. 
2. Whether Pioneer Hi-Bred is enabled 
Patent Owner contends that Pioneer Hi-Bred is not enabled. Resp. 39–
44. More specifically, Patent Owner asserts that “[a] POSA encountering 
Pioneer Hi-Bred could not make the claimed inventions of the ’034 [patent] 
without undue experimentation” because it “discloses a laundry list of 
chemical modifications, that can be made alone or in combination, and 
applied literally anywhere in the disclosed guides.” Id. at 43. According to 
Patent Owner, the “art was new, complicated and unpredictable,” “not 
‘mechanistically analogous’ to anything that came before it,” and “a POSA 
would have been circumspect about making the claimed modifications 
without testing because what was known about the nature of the interactions 
between the Cas Protein and the gRNA suggested the gRNA would be very 
sensitive to modifications, especially in the guide portion.” Id. at 44 (no 
citations provided). Thus, argues Patent Owner, “the Wands factors lean[] 
heavily in favor of a finding that Pioneer Hi-Bred would not enable one to 
make the claims of the ’034 Patent without undue experimentation.” Id. 
(italics added). 
Petitioner contends that the anticipating disclosures in Pioneer Hi-
Bred are enabled. Reply 5–18. In particular, Petitioner urges that Pioneer Hi-
Bred discloses only five types of chemical modifications for decreasing 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
29 
unwanted nuclease degradation in Table 7 and provides exemplary 
embodiments of gRNAs, including those having “the types and locations of 
modifications that anticipate the ’034 Patent claims,” in Table 8. Id. at 13–
15. Petitioner points to testimony from Patent Owner’s declarants showing 
that the techniques for making such gRNAs were known in the art and a 
POSA could use “commercially available instruments that could churn out 
multiple [chemically-modified] gRNAs in a single day.” Id. at 8–9. 
Petitioner also cites evidence that the chemical modifications 
disclosed in Pioneer Hi-Bred had been used for decades prior to the filing of 
the ’034 patent “to stabilize RNA against nucleases” and that “CRISPR 
gRNA stabilization presented a new iteration of an old problem with a tried 
and true solution.” Id. at 9–12. According to Petitioner, “the testing data in 
the patent drives home just how predictable this field was” because only 7 of 
the roughly 250 gRNAs Patent Owner tested lacked cleavage functionality. 
Id. at 12–13, 16 (referring to the inventors “roughly 97% success rate in 
predicting which modified gRNAs would work” based on prior art 
teachings). 
We again find Petitioner’s evidence and argument persuasive. For a 
prior art reference to be enabling, “the reference need only enable a single 
embodiment of the claim.” In re Morsa, 803 F.3d 1374, 1377 (Fed. Cir. 
2015). “In other words, a prior art reference need not enable its full 
disclosure; it only needs to enable the portions of its disclosure alleged to 
anticipate the claimed invention.” In re Antor Media Corp., 689 F.3d 1282, 
1290 (Fed. Cir. 2012). Here, Petitioner asserts that the RNA-based 
embodiments disclosed in Examples 4 and 5 of Pioneer Hi-Bred are 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
30 
anticipatory. Those disclosures are presumed enabling and Patent Owner has 
not shown otherwise. 
Indeed, the record demonstrates that a POSA, as of December 2014, 
could practice these disclosures without undue experimentation.13 As 
explained above, Table 7 of Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches modifications, 
including 2’-O-methyl modifications to the sugar and phosphorothioate bond 
modifications, that can be used to decrease unwanted nuclease degradation 
of a gRNA in a guide polynucleotide/Cas endonuclease system. And Table 8 
discloses exemplary sequences of such chemically-modified crRNAs that 
read on claims 1 and 12. Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches that gRNAs having the 
modifications in Table 8 and similar modifications can be “synthesized per 
standard techniques.” Ex. 1006, 113:25–29. 
While Pioneer Hi-Bred does not further describe these standard 
techniques, the record demonstrates such techniques were known in the art 
and a POSA would have been able to use them to make the gRNAs 
disclosed in Pioneer Hi-Bred without undue experimentation. Both sides’ 
experts testify that techniques such as “click chemistry” and “TC chemistry” 
were known in the prior art for synthesizing long oligonucleotides. Ex. 1059 
¶¶ 33–38; see Ex. 1061, 188:9–190:17). Moreover, the Specification of the 
’034 patent cites references describing these known techniques to explain 
 
13 The question of undue experimentation involves consideration of certain 
factors identified in In re Wands, 858 F.2d 731, 737 (Fed. Cir. 1988). These 
factors include: the quantity of experimentation, the amount of direction or 
guidance present, the presence or absence of working examples, the state of 
the prior art, the relative skill of those in the art, and the predictability or 
unpredictability of the art. Id. To the extent they are applicable here, we 
have considered these and the other Wands factors in our analysis. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
31 
how its chemically-modified gRNAs may be synthesized. Ex. 1001, 48:4–
33; see also In re Morsa, 803 F.3d at 1378 (explaining that statements in the 
specification evidencing the knowledge of a POSA may be relied upon to 
show that a prior art reference is enabled). The record further evidences that 
the inventors were able to employ such techniques to make an individual 
gRNA in about a day’s time and that commercially-available “synthesizers” 
were available, allowing dozens of different gRNAs to be synthesized at the 
same time. Ex. 1069 ¶ 41; see Ex. 1060, 87:6–18, 88:3–16 (Dr. Sampson 
testifying that synthesizers capable of making as many as 48 gRNAs at a 
time were commercially-available), 191:16–192:14 (testifying that multiple 
guides can be made in a day). 
Patent Owner argues that its inventors were uniquely-skilled in the 
synthesis of long RNAs and thus “it would have been extremely challenging 
for a POSA to chemically synthesize the claimed chemically-modified 
gRNA.” See Resp. 11–13. This argument is unavailing for several reasons. 
First, the Specification of the ’034 patent does not disclose any new 
techniques for synthesizing chemically-modified gRNAs, but instead refers 
to the use of click chemistry and TC chemistry techniques already taught in 
other references. Ex. 1001, 48:4–33. Second, while Dr. Sampson points to 
challenges he and the other inventors allegedly had to overcome to make 
these molecules (see Ex. 2029 ¶¶ 12–15), none of those challenges are 
mentioned in the Specification of the ’034 patent. See In re Epstein, 32 F.3d 
1559, 1568 (Fed. Cir. 1994) (holding “the Board’s observation that appellant 
did not provide the type of detail in his specification that he now argues is 
necessary in prior art references supports the Board’s finding that one skilled 
in the art would have known how to implement the features of the 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
32 
references”). Moreover, when cross-examined about these purported 
challenges, Dr. Sampson was either unable to remember how the inventors 
addressed them or he testified they were overcome by increasing the reaction 
time, which was “[j]ust kind of a pretty standard thing that you do.” 
Ex.1061, 115:3–118:19. Third, in order to anticipate, Pioneer Hi-Bred “need 
only enable a single embodiment of the claim.” In re Morsa, 803 F.3d at 
1377. Petitioner’s arguments that its team of inventors spent over a year to 
synthesize “hundreds” of gRNAs does not show that the experimentation 
required to make any one of the anticipating gRNAs disclosed in Pioneer Hi-
Bred, e.g., the exemplary crRNAs in Table 8, would be undue. For these 
reasons, we credit Dr. Furneaux’s testimony that undue experimentation 
would not be required to make the anticipating, chemically-modified gRNAs 
taught in Pioneer Hi-Bred (see Ex. 1059 ¶¶ 32–47) over the competing 
testimony of Patent Owner’s declarants. 
So too, the fact that Pioneer Hi-Bred “contains no data regarding any 
testing of the sequences in Table 8” does not demonstrate that the crRNAs 
disclosed there are not enabled. See Resp. 34–36. “It is not . . . necessary that 
an invention disclosed in a publication shall have actually been made in 
order to satisfy the enablement requirement.” In re Donohue, 766 F.2d 531, 
533 (Fed.Cir.1985). Thus, while it appears that Examples 4 and 5 in Pioneer 
Hi-Bred are prophetic, as opposed to working, examples, that fact alone does 
not undermine the presumption that Pioneer Hi-Bred is enabled. See Antor 
Media, 689 F.3d at 1289–90 (“[T]he mere use of forward-looking language 
(such as terms like ‘should’) does not show one way or another whether a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have to engage in undue 
experimentation to perform the claimed invention”). 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
33 
To the extent Patent Owner contends that the nascent state of the art 
demonstrates that undue experimentation would be required, we disagree. 
See Resp. 44. It is undisputed that the use of gRNA in a CRISPR/Cas system 
was a relatively new discovery first published in mid-2012. See Pet. 2; Resp. 
52–53. That said, the record demonstrates that by December 2014 
substantial research into such systems had been published and would have 
been known to a POSA Ex. 1003 ¶ 78; Ex. 1059 ¶¶ 20–23, 65–72 (citing 
references). A POSA would also know that gRNA was subject to 
degradation, which could limit the efficiency of a CRISPR/Cas system. See, 
e.g., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 66, 71; Ex. 1061, 200:14–201:11. Moreover, the particular 
types of chemical modifications disclosed in Pioneer Hi-Bred and recited in 
the challenged claims had been known and used for decades to stabilize 
RNA against unwanted degradation in other systems. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 50–52, 
61–70; see also Ex. 1061, 214:6–16. Thus, while the art was somewhat 
unpredictable in December 2014, it was far from a blank slate with a POSA 
understanding how the different elements of a CRISPR/Cas system are used 
and function together, including the role of gRNA; the types of chemical 
modifications that had been successfully used in other systems to reduce 
RNA degradation, while preserving functionality; and standard techniques 
for making gRNAs with the modifications disclosed and exemplified in 
Pioneer Hi-Bred. 
Finally, Patent Owner’s attempt to analogize the present facts to those 
in Impax Laboratories14 is unavailing. See Resp. 42–43. The claims in 
Impax Laboratories were directed to methods of using a particular 
 
14 Impax Labs., Inc. v. Aventis Pharms., Inc., 545 F.3d 1312, 1314 (Fed. Cir. 
2008). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
34 
compound to treat a particular disease. 545 F.3d at 1314. However, the 
allegedly anticipating prior art disclosed “hundreds or thousands of 
compounds and several diseases” along with “broad and general” dosage 
guidelines and “without sufficient direction or guidance to prescribe a 
treatment regimen.” Id. at 1315–16. On those facts, the Federal Circuit 
affirmed the district court’s finding that the prior art did not enable the 
particular method recited in the claims. Id. In contrast, Pioneer Hi-Bred 
exemplifies particular crRNA sequences having the recited chemical 
modifications at the recited locations and teaches that gRNA comprising 
such may be used as guide polynucleotides in a CRISPR Cas system. 
In sum, given the guidance in Pioneer Hi-Bred, the existing 
knowledge in the art, including knowledge of standard techniques and 
equipment/reagents for making the chemically modified RNA sequences 
taught in Pioneer Hi-Bred, and the relatively high level of training of a 
POSA, we find that undue experimentation would not have been required to 
make and use a gRNA with the recited chemical modifications and 
functionality. Because Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses functional, chemically-
modified gRNAs as recited in claims 1 and 19, and that disclosure is 
enabled, Petitioner has demonstrated that claims 1 and 19 are anticipated by 
Pioneer Hi-Bred. 
ii. 
Claims 2 and 33 
Claim 2 recites a method comprising the steps of: (a) contacting a 
DNA sequence, gene of interest, or target polynucleotide with a CRISPR-
associated (Cas) protein and the gRNA of claim 1, and (b) editing, 
regulating, cleaving, or binding the DNA sequence, gene of interest, or 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
35 
target polynucleotide. Ex. 1001, 257:48–56. Claim 33 recites the same 
method using the crRNA of claim 19. Id. at 260:20–28. 
Petitioner cites evidence showing that Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses the 
method recited in claims 2 and 33. See Pet. 30–32, 47. Patent Owner does 
not dispute Petitioner’s showing for these claims separately from its 
arguments for claims 1 and 19.15 
Petitioner’s contentions are supported by the record and persuasive. 
As explained above, Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses a synthetic gRNA and 
crRNA with the chemical modifications and gRNA functionality recited in 
claims 1 and 19. Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses methods of using such to modify 
a DNA sequence. Ex. 1006, 41:23–32, 128:8–14 (claim 28); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 
157–58. Pioneer Hi-Bred also discloses that the gRNA/Cas endonuclease 
system can be used to regulate expression of a specific gene or cleave a 
target polynucleotide. See Ex. 1006, 30:17–22 (cleave by “introduc[ing] a 
double strand break at said target site”); 47:15–29 (regulate expression); Ex. 
1003 ¶¶ 159–61. Moreover, Dr. Furneaux offers testimony, which we credit, 
explaining how Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses both the contacting and editing, 
regulating, cleaving, or binding steps recited in claims 2 and 33. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 
162–66. The teachings Petitioner and Dr. Furneaux rely upon are 
presumptively enabling. See, e.g., Antor Media, 689 F.3d at 1287–88. Patent 
Owner does not challenge that presumption separately from its arguments 
for independent claims 1 and 19, which are unavailing as explained above. 
 
15 To the extent Patent Owner reasserts the same arguments for claims 2, 33, 
and the other dependent claims that it does for claims 1 and 19, those 
arguments are unavailing for the reasons already addressed in our analysis 
above. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
36 
Accordingly, Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claims 2 and 33 are anticipated by Pioneer Hi-Bred. 
iii. 
Claim 3 
Claim 3 recites “[a] set or a library comprising two or more synthetic 
guide RNAs of claim 1.” Ex. 1001, 257:57–58. 
Petitioner relies on Pioneer Hi-Bred’s teaching that the “modified 
guide polynucleotides described [therein] may also be delivered 
simultaneously in multiplex to target multiple chromosomal DNA 
sequences for cleavage or nicking.” Pet. 32 (quoting Ex. 1006, 107:24–
108:2). In addition, Petitioner cites Pioneer Hi-Bred’s teaching that the guide 
polynucleotide/Cas system can be used “for producing transgenic trait loci 
comprising multiple transgenes.” Id. at 50–51 (quoting Ex. 1006, 78:19–
26). Petitioner and Dr. Furneaux assert that “[a] POSA would have 
understood [these teachings] as an express instruction to prepare a library of 
modified gRNAs comprising multiple modified gRNAs” as recited in claim 
30. Pet. 32; Ex. 1003, 166–70. 
In response, Patent Owner asserts “[s]equence 66 and 68 do not 
comprise a library of two or more synthetic guide RNAs, and there [sic] 
cannot anticipate claim 3.” Resp. 28. According to Patent Owner, “Pioneer 
Hi-Bred does not disclose even one synthetic guide RNA that meets all of 
the limitations of Claim 1. By necessity, then, it cannot disclose ‘two or 
more’ such guide RNAs” as recited in claim 3. Id. at 45. Patent Owner does 
not respond to Petitioner’s argument that Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches its 
modified gRNAs may be delivered in multiplex. See Reply 2–3 (noting that 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
37 
“Patent Owner presents no rebuttal to Petitioner’s citation” to this 
disclosure). 
Petitioner’s contentions are sufficiently supported by the record and 
persuasive. As explained above, Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses synthetic gRNA 
comprising a guide sequence with the recited modifications and gRNA 
functionality and specifically exemplifies such in sequences 66 and 68 of 
Table 8. As we understand it, Patent Owner’s argument against Petitioner’s 
showing for claim 3 is that a single gRNA comprising either sequence 66 or 
68 would not itself be a set or library comprising at least two guide RNAs. 
But that argument misses the point. Pioneer Hi-Bred specifically teaches that 
its modified gRNA may be delivered simultaneously in multiplex to target 
multiple different sequences. Ex. 1006, 107: 24–108:2. Dr. Furneaux offers 
testimony, which we credit, explaining that a POSA would understand this 
to be an instruction to prepare a library of multiple, modified gRNAs. Ex. 
1003 ¶ 227. Accordingly, Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claim 3 is anticipated by Pioneer Hi-Bred. 
iv. 
Claim 4 
Claim 4 depends from claim 1 and recites that the synthetic guide 
RNA is a “single-guide RNA (sgRNA).” Ex. 1001, 257:60–61. Petitioner 
asserts that “Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses a single-guide RNA (also known as 
‘long guide RNA’) comprising a VT domain and CER domain” and teaches 
that “nucleotide modifications, such as 2’-O-methyl and 3-phosphorothioate 
modifications, e.g., as shown in Table 8, can be made in the guide sequence 
(VT Domain) of an sgRNA.” Pet. 33–34 (citing Ex. 1006, 24:6–19, 25:11–
15, 113:25–29, Figs. 1B and 3B; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 171–76). We agree that the 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
38 
cited evidence shows that Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses a chemically-modified 
sgRNA as recited in claim 4. 
Patent Owner argues that claim 4 is not anticipated because 
“[s]equences 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, and 69 [in Pioneer Hi-Bred Table 8] are 
disclosed only as a portion of a duplex or two-part guide.” Resp. 29.16 Patent 
Owner’s argument is unavailing. Pioneer Hi-Bred’s disclosure is not limited 
to a two-part guide with the crRNA sequences in Table 8. It discloses that its 
guide polynucleotides can be implemented as “a single molecule or a double 
molecule.” 1006, 24:8–9. Moreover, Pioneer Hi-Bred specifically states that 
the modifications in Table 8 can also be introduced in a “long guide RNA,” 
i.e., a sgRNA. Ex. 1006, 113:25–27; see Ex. 1003 ¶ 150 (explaining that a 
sgRNA is also referred to as a long guide RNA). Accordingly, while 
sequences 64–69 are described as part of a crRNA, a POSA would have 
immediately envisioned that those sequences could also be implemented in 
the corresponding domains of a sgRNA. Thus, Pioneer Hi-Bred anticipates 
claim 4. 
v. 
Claims 5, 8–13, 20, 21, and 24–28 
Claims 5, 8–13, 20, 21, and 24–28 further recite the use of at least one 
phosphorothioate modification along with the existing 2’-O-methyl 
modification required by the independent claims. More specifically, claims 5 
and 21 recite that the “one or more modifications” in their respective 
independent claims “comprise[] a 2’-O-methyl nucleotide with a 3’-
 
16 To the extent Patent Owner reasserts the same arguments for claim 2 and 
the other dependent claims that it does for claims 1 and 12, those arguments 
are unavailing for the reasons already addressed in our analysis above. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
39 
phosphorothioate.” Ex. 1001, 257:62–64, 259:15–17. Claims 8 and 20 recite 
that the gRNA and crRNA in their respective independent claims further 
comprise at least one “phosphorothioate internucleotide linkage, 
phosphonoacetate (PACE) internucleotide linkage, and/or 
thiophosphonoacetate (thioPACE) internucleotide linkage.” Id. at 258:37–
40, 259:10–14. Claims 9–11 and 24–26 recite that the gRNA and crRNA in 
their respective independent claims comprise “up to”17 a specified number 
(i.e., 3, 7, or 10) of the same set “internucleotide linkage” modifications “in 
the guide sequence.” Id. at 258:41–49, 259:24–260:3. Similarly, claims 12, 
13, 27, and 28 recite “up to five consecutive” internucleotide linkage 
modifications at the 5’-end (claims 12 and 13) and 3’-end (claims 23 and 
28). Id. at 258:50–57, 260:4–11. 
For all these claims, Petitioner points to disclosure in Tables 7 and 8 
of Pioneer Hi-Bred, urging that they disclose “five types of nucleotide 
chemical modifications including the phosphorothioate and 2’-O-methyl 
modifications.” Pet. 34–35 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 178–82); see also id.at 38 
(explaining that sequence 64 in Table 8 discloses “consecutive 
 
17 The phrase “up to” puts an upper limit on the number of internucleotide 
linkage modifications. Accordingly, these claims encompass gRNA and 
crRNA having anywhere from one such modification “up to” the recited 
number of modifications. Neither party addresses whether the “up to” 
language puts any lower limit on the required number of internucleotide 
linkage modifications, i.e., whether the disclosure of a synthetic gRNA or 
crRNA as recited in the independent claims, but with none of the recited 
internucleotide linkage modifications would anticipate claims 9–13 and 24–
28 because zero is less than the recited threshold. We need not resolve this 
issue because we find that Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses molecules with both 
2’-O-methyl and at least one phosphorothioate modification in the guide 
sequence. 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
40 
phosphorothioate internucleotide linkages in the gRNA guide sequence (VT 
domain) at the 5’-end”). Relying on Pioneer Hi-Bred’s teaching that these 
modifications can be introduced in “combination,” Petitioner cites 
Dr. Furneaux’s calculations showing that “Tables 7 and 8 disclose thirty-one 
different ways to combine the five modifications, and eight of these 
combinations contain both a 3’-phosphorothioate modified nucleotide and a 
3’-phosphorothioate modified nucleotide.” Id. at 35–36 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 
183–185; Ex. 1006, 108:25–27, 113:25–29). Petitioner relies on a similar 
mathematical analysis based on another teaching in Pioneer Hi-Bred that 
“yields 2047 ways to combine the [disclosed modifications], 512 of which 
contain a 2’-O-methyl-3’phosphorothioate modification in the guide 
sequence.” Id. at 36 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 191; Ex. 1006, 24:6–19). According 
to Petitioner, a POSA would “immediately envisage combining these 
modifications in one nucleotide of the guide sequence” given “the high 
fraction of combinations containing the combined [modifications] and 
Pioneer Hi-Bred’s express teachings of combining” them. Id. at 36–37 
(citing Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 1381 
(Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
Patent Owner argues that sequences 66 and 68 in Table 8 disclose 
only 2’-O-methyl modifications and therefore cannot anticipate claims 5, 8–
13, 20, 21, and 24–28. See Resp. 27–28. According to Patent Owner, 
“Pioneer Hi-Bred simply does not disclose any of the combinations of 
chemical modifications” required by these claims and “Petitioner admits as 
much in its analysis” by relying on “Dr. Furneaux’s calculation that there are 
2047 possible combinations of the 11 specified chemical modifications early 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
41 
in the reference, but notably not in Examples 4 and 5.” Id. at 28 (citing Ex. 
2025 ¶¶ 255–57). 
In its Sur-reply, Patent Owner further asserts that Kennametal “is 
inapposite since [there] it was undisputed that all claim elements were 
disclosed in the prior art but for a single structural element,” whereas here 
“it is undisputed that Pioneer Hi-Bred lacks the structural limitations and the 
‘gRNA functionality’ limitation.” Sur-reply 26. However, Patent Owner 
does not challenge Dr. Furneaux’s calculations, nor Petitioner’s argument 
based on those calculations that a high fraction of the possible combinations 
would have both modifications. See Reply 2 (noting that Patent Owner 
“presents no analysis or argument” regarding these claims). 
Petitioner’s contentions are sufficiently supported by the record and 
persuasive. Sequence 64 in Table 8 exemplifies phosphorothioate 
modifications between the three nucleotides at the 5’-end of the guide 
sequence (VT domain). Ex. 1006, 109. Sequence 66 discloses 2’-O-Methyl 
modifications at the same location. Id. While none of the exemplary 
sequences in Table 8 disclose the combination of these two modifications to 
the same nucleotide, Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses that “[n]ucleotide base 
and/or phosphodiester bond modifications similar to those illustrated in 
Example 5 Table 8 can be introduced individually or in combination into the 
crRNA.” Id. at 113:25–27 (emphases added). The combination of the 
modifications in sequences 64 and 66, for example, would result in a crRNA 
having 2’-O-methyl-3’-phosphorothioate nucleotides at the 5’-end of the 
guide sequence. 
Regarding claims 13 and 28, sequence 65 in Table 8 exemplifies 
phosphorothioate modifications between the three nucleotides at the 3’-end 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
42 
of a crRNA. Ex. 1006, 109. The combination of modifications in sequences 
65 and 66, for example, would result in a crRNA having 2-O-methyl 
modifications in its guide sequence and phosphorothioate modifications at 
the 3’-end of the crRNA. Thus, Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses the recited 
structural limitations (i.e., 2’-O-methyl and phosphorothioate internucleotide 
linkage modifications) and expressly teaches that they can be combined in 
the guide sequence of a guide polynucleotide.18 For this reason, Patent 
Owner’s attempt to distinguish Kennametal is unavailing. See Kennametal, 
780 F.3d at 1382 (explaining that where a reference discloses all of the claim 
elements “with the exception of” the recited combination of two of those 
elements “the question for purposes of anticipation is whether the number of 
categories and components disclosed in [the reference] is so large that the 
[recited] combination . . . would not be immediately apparent to one of 
ordinary skill in the art”) (internal quotations omitted). 
Here, Petitioner shows that a high fraction of the possible 
combinations disclosed in Tables 7 and 8 and elsewhere in Pioneer Hi-Bred 
result in the recited combinations of 2’-O-methyl and 3’-phosphorothioate 
modifications. Pet. 34–38 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 171–74). This showing, which 
Patent Owner does not specifically dispute, sufficiently demonstrates that a 
POSA would immediately envisage the combination of modifications recited 
in claims 5, 8–13, 20, 21, and 24–28. Accordingly, Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Pioneer Hi-Bred anticipates these claims. 
 
18 As explained above, Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses that its guide 
polynucleotides have the recited “gRNA functionality.” Supra § III.E.i. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
43 
vi. 
Claims 14 and 29 
Claims 14 and 29 depend from claims 1 and 19 and further recite “a 
fluorophore at a 5’-end” of the gRNA or crRNA. Ex. 1001, 258:57–58, 
60:12–13. 
Petitioner contends that “Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches that fluorophore 
modifications can be combined with 2’-O-methyl modifications in the guide 
sequence.” Pet. 41 (citing Ex. 1006, 27:3–19). According to Petitioner, “the 
guide sequence (VT domain) is found at either the 5’ or 3’-end of the 
gRNA.” Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 211). Thus, “a POSA would immediately 
envisage gRNAs with a combination of 2’-O-methyl modifications in the 
guide sequence and fluorophores at the 5’-end.” Id. 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s contention. According to Patent 
Owner, “[t]he only section in Pioneer Hi-Bred that Petitioner identifies” as 
disclosing this limitation “provides neither an explicit nor inherent 
disclosure of ‘a fluorophore at a 5’-end of the [guide RNA/crRNA].’” Resp. 
45 (alterations in original). 
Petitioner’s contentions are sufficiently supported by the record and 
persuasive. Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses modifying the VT domain of a guide 
polynucleotide to provide for “tracking” by adding the benefit of “a 
fluorescent label.” Ex. 1006, 27:3–19. In the same section, Pioneer Hi-Bred 
teaches that such modifications may be used in “combination” with other 
modifications to the VT domain such as “a 2’-O-Methyl RNA nucleotide.” 
Id. Thus, Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses the combination of 2’-O-methyl and 
fluorophore modifications in the VT domain of a gRNA and crRNA 
molecule. 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
44 
Patent Owner does not clearly explain why, in its view, the disclosure 
Petitioner cites fails to disclose “a fluorophore at the 5’-end.” To the extent 
Patent Owner contends that it doesn’t specify a particular location for the 
fluorophore, we disagree. Dr. Furneaux offers testimony, which Patent 
Owner does not specifically dispute, that a POSA would understand that the 
VT domain is either at the 3’ or the 5’ end of the molecule. Ex. 1003 ¶ 211. 
Given that Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses adding a fluorescent label to the VT 
domain, and that a POSA would know that the VT domain is at one of the 
two ends of the molecule, Dr. Furneaux testifies “[a] POSA can immediately 
envisage guide RNAs comprising a 2’-O-methyl modified nucleotide in the 
guide sequence in combination with a fluorophore at the 5’ end.” Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 210–11. We find this explanation to be credible and supported by the 
record. Accordingly, Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 14 and 29 are anticipated by Pioneer Hi-Bred. 
vii. 
Claims 15–17, 30 and 31 
Claim 15 depends from claim 1 and recites that the gRNA comprises 
“one or more end modification.” Ex. 1001, 258:59–60. Petitioner has shown 
that Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses a gRNA with an end modification. For 
example, sequences 66 and 68 in Table 8 disclose 2’-O-methyl 
modifications of the nucleotides at the 5’ end of a crRNA. Ex. 1006, 109. 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s showing for claim 15 separately 
from its arguments for the independent claims, which are unavailing as 
explained above. 
Claims 16 and 30 recite “at least 2 consecutive 2’-O-methyl 
modifications.” Ex. 1001, 258:62–63, 260:14–15. Petitioner again points to 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
45 
sequences 66 and 68 in Table 8, which it contends disclose this limitation. 
Pet. 42, 46. 
Petitioner’s contentions are sufficiently supported by the record and 
persuasive. Sequence 66 discloses a crRNA with three consecutive 2’-O-
methyl modifications in the guide sequence. Ex. 1006, 109. Sequence 68 
discloses a crRNA with seventeen consecutive 2’-O-methyl modifications in 
the guide sequence. Id. 
Claims 17 and 31 recite “at least six 2’-O-methyl modifications.” Ex. 
1001, 258:64–67, 260:16–17. Sequence 68 discloses this limitation. Thus to 
the extent Patent Owner contends that Pioneer Hi-Bred does not disclose the 
“multiple ‘2’-O-methyl modifications’ recited in” claims 16, 17, 30, and 31, 
it is plainly incorrect. See Resp. 46. Accordingly, Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 15–17, 30 and 31 are anticipated 
by Pioneer Hi-Bred. 
viii. 
Claims 18 and 32 
Claims 18 and 32 recite “at least twenty 2’-O-methyl modifications.” 
Ex. 1001, 258:66–67, 260:18–19. Petitioner argues that Pioneer Hi-Bred 
discloses: (1) “making 2’-O-methyl modifications at every position of the 
guide sequence (VT domain)” and (2) “that the length of the target sequence, 
and therefore the length of the guide sequence, can be at least twenty 
nucleotides.” Pet. 43–44 (Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 215–18). In support of its argument, 
Petitioner cites the sequences in Table 8 and further quotes the description of 
Table 7, which provides that “modifications can be introduced throughout 
the nucleic acid sequences comprising the VT or CER domains.” Id. 
(quoting Ex. 1006:13–25). Based on this disclosure, Petitioner contends “[a] 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
46 
POSA would immediately envisage utilizing at least twenty 2’-O-methyl 
modifications when [sic] guide sequences that are at least twenty nucleotides 
in length.” Id. at 44 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 218). 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s contentions, explaining that 
sequences 66 and 68 disclose three and seventeen 2’-O-methyl 
modifications, but not the “at least twenty” such modifications recited in 
these claims. Resp. 46. According to Patent Owner, Petitioner’s argument is 
flawed because “modification ‘throughout the nucleic acid sequences’ does 
not mean more than twenty modifications. Rather the phrase could just as 
easily mean less than twenty modifications interspersed throughout the 
entire length of the polynucleotide.” Id. (referring to Petitioner’s reliance on 
the disclosure at Ex. 1006, 106:13–25). 
Petitioner’s contentions are sufficiently supported by the record and 
persuasive. Sequence 68 in Table 8 discloses 2’-O-methyl modifications to 
every nucleotide in the guide sequence (i.e., the VT domain). Ex. 1006, 109. 
That disclosure supports Petitioner’s reading of the phrase “modifications . . 
. introduced throughout the nucleic acid sequence comprising the VT 
domain” to mean that every nucleotide in the VT domain is modified. Pet. 
43 (quoting Ex. 1006, 106:13–25). The particular guide sequence 
exemplified in sequence 68 is only 17 nt long, but Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches 
that the VT domain may vary in length from 12 to 30 nt. Ex. 1006, 3:19–20, 
98:19–23. Thus, the record supports Petitioner’s argument that a POSA 
would understand Pioneer Hi-Bred to also disclose gRNAs having a guide 
sequence of at least twenty nucleotides and we credit Dr. Furneaux’s 
testimony that a POSA would immediately envisage gRNAs with guide 
sequences of at least 20 nt in which every nucleotide has a 2’-O-methyl 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
47 
modification like exemplary sequence 68. Ex. 1003 ¶ 216–18. Accordingly, 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 18 and 
32 are anticipated by Pioneer Hi-Bred. 
F. Ground 2: Obviousness over Pioneer Hi-Bred and Krutzfeldt, 
Deleavey, Soutscheck, or Yoo 
 Petitioner contends that claims 5, 8–13, 18, 20, 21, 24–28, and 32 are 
obvious over Pioneer Hi-Bred in combination with any of Krutzfeldt, 
Deleavey, Soutschek, or Yoo. Pet. 47–67. 
For claims 5, 8–13, 20, 21, and 24–28, Ground 2 relies on Pioneer Hi-
Bred for the limitations of the independent claims and any one of the other 
references for their disclosure of modified nucleotides comprising a 2’-O-
methyl nucleotide with one or more phosphorothioate modifications. 
Petitioner asserts that “[a] POSA would have been motivated to incorporate 
the 2’-O-methyl-3’phophorothioate modifications disclosed in Krutzfeldt, 
Deleavey, Soutschek, or Yoo’s RNA molecules with the modified gRNAs 
taught in Pioneer Hi-Bred for multiple reasons.” Pet. 52. Petitioner’s 
reasoning includes that it was “well known to use such modified nucleotides 
in the targeting sequences of several types of RNA molecules” and the 
2’-O-methyl-3’-phosphorothioate modifications in these secondary 
references “reflect the types of modifications to gRNA that are already 
taught and suggested in Pioneer Hi-Bred.” Id. at 52–53. Petitioner further 
contends that a POSA would have been motivated to make the combination 
because the references teach that such modifications provide benefits such as 
improved stability and resistance towards nuclease degradation and 
increased editing efficiency. Id. at 54–56. 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
48 
According to Petitioner, a POSA would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success because “it is undisputed that gRNAs with 
2’-O-methyl and phosphorothioate modifications in the guide sequences are 
inherently functional for this purpose.” Pet. 57. Petitioner also relies on 
Pioneer Hi-Bred’s teaching that both types of modifications can be used in a 
gRNA. Id. at 57–58. Finally, Petitioner urges that the “use of 2’-O-methyl-
3’-phosphorothioate modifications in the targeting sequences of various 
types of RNAs, such as siRNA, AONs, and anti-miRNA, in the field of 
RNA therapeutics” was “widespread” and therefore a POSA would have 
anticipated that the same modifications “would not only have been 
functional, but also would have had . . . additional benefits” such as 
increasing stability and binding specificity. Id. at 58–59 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 267–79). 
For claims 18 and 32, Ground 2 relies on same disclosure in Pioneer 
Hi-Bred noted above in Ground 1 and further cites Krutzfeldt as evidence 
that it was “known in other gene regulation applications that the entire RNA 
oligonucleotide can be comprised of 2’-O-methyl nucleotides” to support its 
argument that a gRNA with “at least twenty 2’-O-methyl nucleotides” would 
have been obvious. Id. at 64 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 299; Ex. 1009, 2886). 
Petitioner further asserts that “it was known that the guide sequence for Cas9 
gRNAs is commonly 20 nucleotides long.” Id. at 64–65 (citing Ex. 1013, 
827). According to Petitioner, 
Given Pioneer Hi-Bred’s express teachings to make gRNAs 
with guide sequences entirely composed of 2’-O-methyl 
nucleotides and to target sequences at least twenty nucleotides 
long, a POSA would have been motivated to make a gRNA 
with twenty 2’-O-methyl modifications in the guide sequence. 
A POSA would understand that using the same number of 2’-

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
49 
O-methyl modifications as the number of nucleotides in the 
target site produces recognizable and measurable effects in gene 
regulatory activity. Therefore, the number of 2’-O-methyl 
modifications, is a result-effective variable which, when 
changed, achieves a recognized result. 
Id. at 65 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 301–04). 
Petitioner’s contentions are sufficiently supported by the record and 
persuasive. Beginning with claims 5, 8–13, 20, 21, and 24–28, Krutzfeldt, 
Deleavey, Soutschek, and Yoo each disclose chemically modified RNA 
sequences having both 2’-O-methyl and phosphorothioate modifications, 
including those comprising a “2’-O-methyl nucleotide with a 3’-
phosphorothioate nucleotide” as recited in claim 5. Ex. 1009, 2886 (Table 
1), 2889 (Fig. 5A); Ex. 1007, 943 (Fig. 4), 948; Ex. 1012, 173, 177; Ex. 
1011, 2008. Moreover, as Petitioner points out, these references teach that 
such modifications, particularly when made to nucleotides near the end of an 
RNA molecule, provide a number of benefits including increased resistance 
to nuclease degradation. Ex. 1009, 2889; Ex. 1007, 937; Ex. 1012, 173; Ex. 
1011, 2008. This dovetails with Pioneer Hi-Bred’s teaching that such 
modifications decrease unwanted nuclease degradation in a guide 
polynucleotide. See Ex. 1006, 107. Accordingly, the combination of Pioneer 
Hi-Bred with any of Krutzfeldt, Deleavey, Soutschek, or Yoo teaches all of 
the limitations of these claims and the record supports Petitioner’s rationale 
for combining them. 
Regarding claims 18 and 32, we agree with Petitioner that Krutzfeldt 
teaches anti-miRNAs having 20 or more nucleotides wherein every 
nucleotide in the sequence has a 2’-O-methyl modification. Ex. 1009, 2886 
(Table 1 using lower case letters to indicate 2’-O-methyl-modified 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
50 
nucleotides). Krutzfeldt refers to these as “antagomirs,” which it describes as 
“RNA-like oligonucleotides that harbor various modifications for RNAse 
protection and pharmacologic properties such as enhanced tissue and cellular 
uptake.” Id. at 2885; see also id. at 2889 (teaching these modifications 
protect against exonucleases and endonucleases). Moreover, Krutzfeldt 
teaches that antagomirs having 2’-O-methyl modifications at every 
nucleotide and numerous phosphorothioate modifications can still form a 
duplex with the complementary miRNA. Ex. 1009, 2890-91; see also Ex. 
1007, 948 (citing Krutzfeldt as showing that such antagomirs are “a 
successful strategy for targeting miRNAs”). Dr. Furneaux offers testimony, 
which we credit, that this fact supports that a POSA would have reasonably 
expected “that a guide RNA with the same modification in its targeting 
sequence (i.e., the guide sequence) would bind to a complementary region of 
a polynucleotide in vivo.” Id. ¶¶ 274-77. 
 
Accordingly, the disclosure in Krutzfeldt adds to the existing 
teachings in Pioneer Hi-Bred that 2’-O-methyl modifications can be made to 
every nucleotide in the guide sequence. Ex. 1006, 109 (Table 8 sequence 
68), 106:13–25. Given that Pioneer Hi-Bred teaches that the length of the 
guide sequence is variable and can be 20 or more nt long depending on the 
target, we agree that these teachings support Petitioner’s obviousness 
argument. Ex. 1006, 32:1–3; see also id. at 3:19–20, 98:19–23. That is, even 
if a POSA would not have immediately envisaged a gRNA having at least 20 
2’-O-methyl modifications in its guide sequence from the disclosure in 
Pioneer Hi-Bred, they would have considered such a gRNA to be the 
obvious result of routine optimization to a slightly longer guide sequence 
having at least 20 nt. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 301–03. 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
51 
Patent Owner raises several arguments in its Response some of which 
were already addressed in our analysis of Ground 1. For example, Patent 
Owner urges that all of Petitioner’s obviousness grounds fail because they 
rely exclusively on Pioneer Hi-Bred for the claimed functionality 
requirements. See Resp. 50–51. However, as explained above, Pioneer Hi-
Bred discloses synthetic gRNA and crRNA molecules having the recited 
“gRNA functionality” and the anticipating disclosure is enabled as to both 
Patent Owner’s composition and method claims. Accordingly, Patent 
Owner’s functionality arguments are unavailing. 
 
Patent Owner also challenges Petitioner’s motivation to combine and 
reasonable expectation of success showing and offers evidence of objective 
indicia of non-obviousness. See Resp. 47–50, 51–63. We address these 
issues in turn.19 
1. Whether there would have been a motivation to combine and 
reasonable expectation of success 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner “relies on the claims as a 
roadmap” and “regardless of the number of or variety of modifications in a 
challenged claim” the alleged motivation to combine is always the same, i.e., 
that Pioneer Hi-Bred envisions other combinations and “the modifications in 
the prior art reference would enhance the protection against degradation.” 
Resp. 51–52. According to Patent Owner, “protecting against degradation is 
a function the disclosed modifications in Pioneer Hi-Bred were already 
 
19 These are global arguments Patent Owner collectively argues for all of the 
obviousness grounds. Our analysis below considers the claims in all of those 
grounds. 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
52 
providing so a POSA would have no need or motivation to look elsewhere to 
an already fulfilled need.” Id. at 52. 
Patent Owner’s argument is unavailing for several reasons. First, at 
least with respect to claims 5, 8–13, 18, 20, 21, 24–28, and 32 Pioneer Hi-
Bred teaches the same modifications (i.e., 2’-O-methyl sugar and 
phosphorothioate linkage modifications) taught by the secondary references 
in Ground 2. Thus, the choice between Pioneer Hi-Bred’s modifications and 
those taught in the Krutzfeldt, Delevey, Soutschek, and Yoo that Patent 
Owner’s argument envisions is an illusory one. 
Second, even if the combination involved the use of modifications not 
already taught in Pioneer Hi-Bred,20 it is well-established that substitution of 
one element for another known to provide the same benefit may provide a 
rationale for combining references. See KSR, 550 U.S. at 417 (“[I]f a 
technique has been used to improve one device, and a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would recognize that it would improve similar devices in the 
same way, using the technique is obvious unless its actual application is 
beyond his or her skill.”). So too, “the normal desire to improve upon what 
is already generally known” may provide a reason to employ additional 
types of modifications as in claims 6, 7, 22, and 23; to combine 
modifications as in claims 5, 8–13, 20, 21, and 24–28; or to use more of the 
same modifications as in claims 18 and 32, where such strategies had been 
 
20 This is the case for the PACE and thioPACE modifications taught by 
Threlfall and Delevey in Ground 3. Pioneer Hi-Bred does not teach those 
modifications, but Petitioner asserts that it would have been obvious to use 
them in Pioneer Hi-Bred’s synthetic gRNAs because “they would provide 
the same benefits to gRNAs that Pioneer Hi-Bred seeks to achieve.” Pet. 70. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
53 
shown to prevent degradation in prior art RNA systems. Jazz Pharms., Inc. 
v. Amneal Pharms., LLC, 895 F.3d 1347, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2018). 
Third, along with protecting against degradation, Petitioner points to 
teachings in these references that their chemical modifications provide other 
benefits, e.g., increased specificity, cell penetration or tracking, that would 
have motivated a POSA to employ such modifications in Pioneer Hi-Bred’s 
synthetic gRNAs. See Pet. 51 (referring to Yoo’s teaching regarding 
“reduced non-specific effects”); 69–70 (referring to Threlfall’s teaching 
regarding “greater efficacy and ability to penetrate cells” and “increased 
cellular uptake”); 85–86 (citing references showing that “attaching 
fluorophores to biological molecules . . . was well-known and commonly 
done, e.g., for purposes of tracking”); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 267–72 (Ground 2); 323–
25 (Ground 3); 391–93 (Ground 6). Moreover, Dr. Furneaux provides 
testimony explaining why POSA would understand that the various benefits 
these modifications provide to be desirable within the context of a 
CRISPR/Cas system. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 261–62 (Ground 2); 324–25 (Ground 3); 
394 (Ground 6). This testimony is credible and further supports Petitioner’s 
reasoning for its obviousness combinations. 
Patent Owner also argues there would have been no reasonable 
expectation of success in making the chemical modifications in Petitioner’s 
obviousness combinations. See Resp. 52–63. According to Patent Owner, 
“[w]hether a particular combination of chemical modifications in at [sic] 
particular nucleotide positions on the give [sic] would adversely impact 
functionality was entirely unpredictable at the time Agilent started its work, 
and there was no guarantee of success that it would make the discoveries 
that led to the claimed inventions.” Id. at 52–53. Patent Owner explains that 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
54 
“CRISPR was a nascent technology in 2014, and the structure-function 
relationships among the gRNA and Cas protein were still being 
investigated.” Id. at 54–59 (citing references). Therefore, urges Patent 
Owner, “a POSA would know that the result of modifications would be 
unpredictable and would need to be tested.” Id. at 55. 
Regarding Petitioner’s reliance on modifications known to be 
successful in prior art RNA systems, Patent Owner contends that a POSA 
would not have regarded such systems as “‘mechanistically analogous’ such 
that modifications that maintained functionality in other systems would work 
in the CRISPR-Cas system.” Resp. 59–60 (citing Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 132–47). 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Furneaux’s testimony that “prior art siRNA, 
miRNA, AON” systems are “mechanistically analogous” to CRISPR/Cas 
systems is flawed because “notably absent from his [declaration] is any 
description of the mechanisms of the systems that are allegedly 
‘mechanistically analogous.’” Id. at 61–62 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 43–49, 61–
78). Patent Owner urges that Petitioner and Dr. Furneaux’s “entire 
‘mechanistically analogous’ analysis reduces simply to noting that RNA, 
which is common to all these systems, faces the same problems, such as 
potential degradation.” Id. at 62. 
Finally, Patent Owner argues that “Agilent’s own process confirms 
that arriving at the claimed combinations was anything but predictable or 
that a POSA would have had a reasonable likelihood of success.” Resp. 63 
(referring to Dr. Sampson’s testimony). According to Patent Owner, this was 
“an iterative process as to which there was no assurance of success via 
which Agilent was able to test its various modified guides across a series of 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
55 
assays sufficient to appraise the public on how to improve CRISPR 
gRNAs.” Id. 
In reply, Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s arguments and Dr. 
Marshall’s testimony regarding the complexity of the CRISPR/Cas system 
and mechanistic differences with prior art systems are “theoretical concerns 
. . . that were never actually expressed in the literature.” Reply 23–25. 
According to Petitioner, by asserting that these “speculative and contrived 
concerns can defeat obviousness, Patent Owner effectively applies a 
heightened standard that goes beyond reasonable expectation of success.” Id. 
at 25. Instead, “the law is clear that ‘the expectation of success need only be 
reasonable, not absolute.’” Id. (quoting Pfizer, Inc. v. Apotex, Inc., 480 F.3d 
1348, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2007)). 
Petitioner urges that the record supports such a finding here because; 
[r]esearchers had been using the claimed chemical 
modifications in other relevant gene regulation contexts long 
before the conception of CRISPR as a gene editing tool. Then, 
when Doudna and co-workers published CRISPR for gene 
editing,21 multiple researchers immediately proposed to use 
such chemical modifications with gRNAs, including the 
specific claimed 2’-O-methyl and phosphorothioate 
modifications. 
Reply 26 (citing Pet. 12, 81; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 71–72; Ex. 1061, 112:1–5, 113:3–
8, 116:5–10, 211:14–212:8). According to Petitioner, “[i]f there were no 
reasonable expectation of success, it would not be the case that a chorus of 
 
21 “In 2012, Jennifer Doudna and Emmanuelle Charpentier discovered [and 
published] that CRISPR associated enzyme (more specifically, the Cas9 
protein) could be programmed to target nearly any portion of a genome 
using lab-made guide RNA sequences.” Ex. 2025 ¶ 77. Their work was 
published in June 2012. Resp. 53; Reply 20. 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
56 
researchers would so quickly propose using chemical modifications with 
gRNAs while none would warn against it.” Id. at 26. Petitioner also points to 
evidence that prior art “studies ha[d] shown that modifications at the 5’ or 
3’-ends of gRNAs do not inhibit Cas9 function” and “crystal structure 
analysis of Cas9 show[ed] that it tolerates a large number of mutations to the 
gRNA, including multiple modifications to single nucleotides.” Id. at 27 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 78; Ex. 1026, 941; Ex. 1033, 279; Ex. 1034, 235). 
 
Petitioner’s arguments and evidence are persuasive. As Petitioner 
points out, by December 2014, several studies had shown that the 
CRISPR/Cas system could successfully tolerate modifications. Ex. 1026, 
941; Ex. 1033, 279. While these studies describe different types of 
modifications22 than those in the challenged claims, such evidence 
nevertheless supports Dr. Furneaux’s testimony that a POSA would have 
expected that the recited chemical modifications could be made to a gRNA 
while preserving the Cas enzyme’s gene editing function. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 78, 
273–79, 301-03, 326-28, 395. 
The record further demonstrates that shortly after the discovery of the 
CRISPR/Cas system for gene editing and prior to December 2014, there 
were already a number of researchers in addition to the authors of the 
Pioneer Hi-Bred publication suggesting the use of the claimed chemical 
modifications to improve the resistance of gRNA to degradation. Ex. 1003 
¶ 71 (identifying examples of patent publications with filing dates prior to 
 
22 As Patent Owner points out, the “mutations” referred to in Exhibit 1026 
are changes to the RNA bases, as opposed to modifications to the sugar or 
phosphodiester linkages in the backbone. Sur-reply 12 (citing Ex. 1026, 
942–43 (Fig. 4D)). Exhibit 1033 describes truncation, i.e., removal of 
nucleotides, within the gRNA. 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
57 
December 2014 describing 2’-O-methyl and phosphorothioate modifications 
to gRNA); Ex. 1019 ¶¶ 193–96, claim 171; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 570–71, 1657; Ex. 
1022 ¶ 260; Ex. 1023 ¶ 362. Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Marshall, conceded 
as much on cross-examination. Ex. 1061, 113:3–8, 116:5–10, 211:14–213:8. 
The fact that multiple groups of researchers independently suggested the 
same types of gRNA modifications recited in the challenged claims 
evidences that a POSA would have had a reasonable expectation those 
modifications could be successfully employed in a CRISPR/Cas system. Ex. 
1059 ¶ 18; see also Regents of the Univ. of California v. Broad Institute, 
Inc., 903 F.3d 1286, 1295 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (explaining that “simultaneous 
invention” may bear on the obviousness analysis because “it is evidence of 
the level of skill in the art”). Moreover, while Petitioner points to multiple 
references suggesting such modifications to gRNA, neither Patent Owner 
nor Dr. Marshall identify any reference expressing doubt that such 
modifications could be successfully implemented in a CRISPR/Cas system. 
This contrast undermines Patent Owner’s argument that a POSA would not 
have reasonably expected the prior art modifications to work in a 
CRISPR/Cas system. 
Nevertheless, Patent Owner maintains “there was no guarantee of 
success” and therefore testing was required to confirm that such 
modifications would work. See Resp. 51–52. The problem with that 
argument is that “only a reasonable expectation of success, not a guarantee, 
is needed” to show obviousness. Pfizer, 480 F.3d at 1364 (citing In re 
O’Farrell, 853 F.2d 894, 903 (Fed. Cir. 1988)). The facts of the Pfizer case 
are instructive. There, the lower court had concluded that there would have 
been no expectation of success in making the claimed drug salt “because 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
58 
there was no reliable way to predict the influence of a particular salt species 
on the active part of the compound.” Id. The Federal Circuit reversed, 
explaining that while it accepted the lower court’s finding that “it was 
generally unpredictable as to whether a particular salt would form and what 
its exact properties would be,” the “case law is clear that obviousness cannot 
be avoided simply by a showing of some degree of unpredictability in the 
art.” The Federal Circuit observed that 
a rule of law equating unpredictability to patentability, applied 
in this case, would mean that any new salt––including those 
specifically listed in the [prior art reference]––would be 
separately patentable, simply because the formation and 
properties of each salt must be verified through testing. This 
cannot be the proper standard since the expectation of success 
need only be reasonable, not absolute. 
Id. 
The current proceeding presents analogous facts. We do not doubt that 
there would have been some degree of unpredictability because, as Patent 
Owner points out, the interactions in a CRISPR/Cas system are complex and 
that there are mechanistic differences from the prior art RNA systems in 
Petitioner’s secondary references. See Resp. 53–63. However, Petitioner has 
shown that a POSA would have understood that these systems share features 
in common with CRISPR/Cas, including that their efficacy and functionality 
is limited by the fact that the RNA used in them is subject to unwanted 
degradation. See, e.g., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 65–66, 70–72, 261–62, 323–25. Thus, the 
fact that the claimed modifications reduced degradation, while maintaining 
functionality, in these prior art systems supports a finding that the same 
modifications could also be successful in a CRISPR/Cas system. To the 
extent Dr. Marshall testifies that the successful use of these modifications in 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
59 
prior art systems does not evidence at least a reasonable expectation they 
could also be successfully used in a CRISPR/Cas system (see, e.g., Ex. 2025 
¶¶ 132, 147, 157), we credit Dr. Furneaux’s testimony (Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 61–80, 
263–79, 303 (Ground 2), 326–28 (Ground 3), 395 (Ground 6)) and the 
evidence noted above over Dr. Marshall’s testimony on this issue. 
For these reasons, Petitioner has sufficiently shown that a POSA 
would have had both a motivation for and reasonable expectation of success 
for its obviousness combinations. 
2. Consideration of objective indicia of nonobviousness 
 
Patent Owner argues that “[t]here is overwhelming evidence of 
secondary consideration of nonobviousness, particularly as it relates to the 
question about [sic] industry praise, copying, and commercial success.” 
Resp. 47–48. Patent Owner’s objective indicia arguments center on the 
Hendel paper (Ex. 1005). See id. at 48–50. Patent Owner explains that “[t]he 
Agilent inventions” were “first made public” in this paper, which was co-
authored with researchers at Stanford. Id. at 19. According to Patent Owner, 
“publications citing the Hendel paper have called Agilent’s work 
‘pioneering,’ ‘seminal,’ and ‘a major contribution.’” Id. at 48 (quoting Ex. 
2050, 4; Ex. 2028, 681). Patent Owner also offers evidence that the Hendel 
paper has been cited almost 900 times since its publication in 2015, which is 
in the 94th, 98th, or 99th percentile according to various indices of “tracked 
articles of a similar age.” Id. at 20, 47 (citing Ex. 2025 ¶ 57; Ex. 2032; Ex. 
2056). 
Regarding copying and commercial success, Patent Owner points to 
evidence of statements by Petitioner that it contends “tout the benefits of 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
60 
Agilent’s inventions” and suggest that the reason Petitioner uses chemically 
modified gRNA in its products is the study published in the Hendel paper. 
Resp. 20, 48–49 (quoting statements by Synthego’s Head of Synthetic 
Biology in Ex. 2033, 3:05–4:4523 and citing Ex. 2034, 6). Patent Owner also 
asserts that “[t]here is . . . no doubt that Petitioner Synthego has been 
successful” as result of using Patent Owner’s inventions. Id. at 50. 
In its Reply, Petitioner urges that the fact that multiple researchers 
“immediately proposed to use chemical modifications with gRNAs” after the 
initial publication of CRISPR for gene-editing undermines Patent Owner’s 
objective indicia arguments. See Reply 20–22. Moreover, Petitioner asserts 
that the evidence of praise for the Hendel paper is “surprisingly thin” with 
one of the two references Patent Owner cites praising it as “‘pioneering’” 
having been “co-authored by Hendel himself.” Id. at 21 (referring to Ex. 
2050). According to Petitioner, 
Patent Owner’s scientists may well have been the first to 
synthesize some chemically modified gRNAs and do some 
testing experiments, and they may have been the first to report 
such work in an article that has been frequently cited over the 
years. But Patent Owner points to no evidence that this frequent 
citation stems from a belief among scientists that the authors 
had done something inventive as opposed to merely generating 
confirmatory data. 
Id. at 22. 
Petitioner further contends that it did not copy the Hendel paper, but 
“simply uses the same tried and true techniques that had long been known in 
 
23 Exhibit 2033 is a video. The pinpoint citation refers to the time in the 
video at which these statements occur, i.e., beginning at 3 minutes and 5 
seconds. 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
61 
the art.” According to Petitioner, the claimed chemical modifications and the 
idea to use them in gRNA were already in the prior art therefore “such 
modifications lack the required nexus for secondary considerations.” Reply 
23 (citing In re Huai-Hung Kao, 639 F.3d 1057, 1068 (Fed. Cir. 2011)). 
Finally, Petitioner asserts that the evidence of objective indicia of 
nonobviousness “simply cannot overcome” the strength of the other 
evidence demonstrating obviousness. Id. (quoting Wyers v. Master Lock Co., 
616 F.3d 1231, 1246 (Fed. Cir. 2010)). 
In its Sur-reply, Patent Owner argues that the data in the Specification 
presents unexpected results. Sur-reply 21–22. Patent Owner further contends 
that Petitioner and its experts “suffer from gross credibility problems, 
ignoring Synthego’s admissions of non-obviousness” and “contradicting 
Synthego’s own praise for the Hendel paper” as a “‘landmark’” publication. 
Id. at 22–23 (quoting Ex. 2033, 3:05–4:45). 
We assess the parties’ objective indicia arguments below and then 
weigh any evidence of such with the other evidence of record to reach a 
conclusion on Petitioner’s obviousness grounds. 
Beginning with commercial success, we find Patent Owner’s evidence 
and arguments unavailing. First, Patent Owner cites no evidence to support 
its factual assertions regarding Synthego’s success. See Resp. 50 (asserting 
without citation to evidence of record that Synthego “has raised almost $500 
million in funding and recently announced the opening of a 20,000 square 
foot GMP facility to add to its capacity.”). Nor has Patent Owner identified 
sales or profits stemming either from its own products or any allegedly 
infringing products to support its allegations of commercial success. Second, 
even if there was evidence of commercial success, we agree with Petitioner 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
62 
that Patent Owner has not shown that such success is attributable to its use 
of the claimed chemical modifications as opposed to other factors. See Reply 
23; see also Ex. 1059 ¶ 81 (identifying other business factors to which 
Petitioner contributes its market performance). Accordingly, Patent Owner’s 
commercial success arguments carry no weight. 
Patent Owner’s industry praise and copying arguments fare somewhat 
better. The record supports that the Hendel paper has been heavily cited and 
that Petitioner’s own head of synthetic biology referred to it as a “landmark 
paper” in a video presentation. Ex. 2025 ¶ 57; Ex. 2033, 3:05–4:45; see also 
Ex. 2034, 6 (stating that the Hendel paper “study set the bar for chemically 
modified guide RNAs as the method of choice for CRISPR-Cas9 in primary 
human immune cells”). In the same presentation, Petitioner’s executive 
states that the study in the Hendel paper is the reason Petitioner uses “single 
guide RNAs in a chemically modified format.” Ex. 2033, 3:05–4:45. As 
such, we find that Patent Owner has presented some evidence of industry 
praise and copying related to the Hendel paper. 
There are, however, significant questions regarding whether there is a 
nexus between the Hendel paper and any novel aspects of the challenged 
claims that limit the probative value of this evidence. “Before secondary 
considerations can carry the day” the proponent of that evidence must 
establish a nexus with the patent claims at issue. Huai-Hung Kao, 639 F.3d 
at 1068. “Where the secondary consideration actually results from 
something other than what is both claimed and novel in the claim, there is no 
nexus.” Id. In this case, the use of 2’-O-methyl and phosphorothioate 
modifications, as well as other types of modifications to the sugar and 
internucleotide linkage, in a gRNA was already taught in the prior art. 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
63 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 71 (citing earlier-filed applications from other researchers 
suggesting the use of such modifications in gRNA), ¶ 394 (citing earlier and 
contemporaneously-filed applications from other researchers suggesting the 
use of a fluorophore at the 5’ end of a gRNA); Ex. 1006, 27:3–18, 107–113. 
This suggests that any praise or copying of the Hendel paper may actually 
result from its use of these prior art ideas as opposed to any novel aspect of 
the challenged claims. 
In addition, the Hendel paper describes tests of “[c]hemical 
modifications comprising 2’-O-methyl (M), 2’-O-methyl 3’phosphorothioate 
(MS), or 2’-O-methyl 3’thioPACE (MSP) . . . at three terminal nucleotides 
at both the 5’ and 3’ ends.” Ex. 1005, 1. The MS modifications correspond 
to the modifications recited in the claims in Ground 2 and the MSP 
modifications are within the scope of the modifications recited in the claims 
in Ground 3. But it is unclear whether Petitioner’s evidence of praise for the 
Hendel paper results from the MS and MSP modifications in those claims as 
opposed to other aspects of that study, e.g., the use of M modifications 
alone.24 Similarly, Patent Owner’s copying evidence suggests that Petitioner 
uses chemically modified gRNAs, but does not show that those chemically 
modified gRNAs have the particular modifications recited in the Ground 2, 
Ground 3, or Ground 6 claims as opposed to other modifications. For these 
 
24 According to Patent Owner, out of the 895 citations to the Hendel paper 
only a fraction of those include terms relating to the particular modifications 
in recited in the claims challenged in Grounds 2 and 3. Resp. 47 (noting that 
only 276 of the citing papers include the term “phosphorothioate” and only 
67 include the term “thioPACE”). This diminishes the argument that there is 
a nexus between the particular modifications in those dependent claims and 
the praise that may be inferred from the fact that numerous authors have 
cited the Hendel paper. 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
64 
reasons, we give some weight to the evidence of industry praise and 
copying, however that weight is diminished by the tenuous nexus to the 
challenged claims. 
Moreover, the fact that multiple research groups, nearly 
simultaneously proposed the use of chemically modified gRNA is itself 
objective evidence that the challenged claims would have been obvious. See 
Regents, 903 F.3d at 1295 (explaining that “simultaneous invention” is 
“objective evidence that person of ordinary skill in the art understood the 
problem and a solution to that problem”); Geo. M. Martin Co. v. All. Mach. 
Sys. Int’l LLC, 618 F.3d 1294, 1305–6 (Fed. Cir. 2010) (“Independently 
made, simultaneous inventions made within a comparatively short space of 
time are persuasive evidence that a claimed apparatus was the product of 
ordinary mechanical or engineering skill.”) (internal quotations omitted). As 
explained above, we credit Petitioner’s showing that a POSA would have 
reasonably expected that such modifications could be successfully made to 
the gRNA in a CRISPR/Cas system. Thus, the fact that multiple researchers 
simultaneously proposed making 2’-O-methyl, phosphorothioate, 
fluorophore, and other modifications to gRNA close in time to the initial 
publication describing the CRISPR/Cas system for gene editing suggests 
that this was an obvious solution to a known problem. 
Finally, the unexpected results arguments in Patent Owner’s Sur-reply 
are unavailing. Sur-reply 21–22. As an initial matter, these arguments were 
not presented in the Response such that Petitioner could address them in the 
Reply. For this reason, Patent Owner’s unexpected results argument is 
untimely and has been waived. Even so, we disagree with Patent Owner’s 
assertion that Petitioner “did not rebut the Patent’s explicit discussion of the 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
65 
‘surprising’ results obtained or why they were unpredictable.” Id. (citing Ex. 
1001, 3:34–36, 66:27–32, 66:61–67:6). It is Patent Owner as the proponent 
of this evidence who has the burden to show a nexus between its objective 
indicia evidence and the merits of the claimed invention. Kao, 639 F.3d 
1057, 1068; see also In re Klosak, 455 F.2d 1077, 1088 (CCPA 1972) 
(“[T]he burden of showing unexpected results rests on he who asserts 
them.”). The threadbare assertion of allegedly unexpected results in the Sur-
reply does not do so. Moreover, Petitioner points out that the results in the 
Specification show that almost all of the chemically modified gRNAs Patent 
Owner tested exhibited cleavage activity. Reply 13–14, 17, Ex. 1059 ¶ 47 
(“97% of the experiments that Agilent ran showed at least some cleavage 
activity”). This would seem to be exactly the result a POSA would expect in 
view of the teachings in Pioneer Hi-Bred and the other references cited in 
the Petition. For these reasons, Patent Owner’s unexpected results arguments 
carry no weight. 
3. Conclusion for Ground 2 
Considering the totality of the evidence regarding claims 5, 8–13, 18, 
20, 21, 24–28, and 32, including objective indicia of non-obviousness, we 
determine that Petitioner has established, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that these claims would have been obvious over the combination 
of Pioneer Hi-Bred with any of Krutzfeldt, Deleavey, Soutschek, or Yoo. 
Indeed, even if Patent Owner had established a sufficient nexus between 
these claims and its industry praise and copying evidence such that it was 
entitled to more weight, we would reach the same conclusion given the 
relative strength of Petitioner’s showing. See, e.g., Bayer Pharma AG v. 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
66 
Watson Labs., Inc., 874 F.3d 1316, 1329 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (weighing 
evidence of unexpected results and copying together with other evidence, 
including “strong evidence of a motivation to make the claimed 
combination” in the cited prior art, to conclude that combination was 
obvious); Wyers v. Master Lock Co., 616 F.3d 1231, 1247 (Fed. Cir. 2010) 
(listing cases where objective indicia evidence did not overcome a strong 
case of obviousness). 
G. Ground 3: Obviousness over Pioneer Hi-Bred and Threlfall or 
Deleavey 
Petitioner contends claims 6, 7, 22, and 23 are obvious over Pioneer 
Hi-Bred in combination with either Threlfall or Deleavey. Pet. 67–73. More 
specifically, Ground 3 relies on Pioneer Hi-Bred for the limitations of the 
independent claims and Threlfall and Deleavey for their disclosure of 
“phosphonoacetate” and “phosphonothioacetate” (i.e., PACE and thioPACE) 
modifications as recited in claims 8 and 16 and “2’-O-methyl-3’-
phosphonoacetate” and “2’-O-methyl-3’-phosphonothioacetate” nucleotides 
as recited in claims 6, 7, 22, and 23. Id. 
Petitioner asserts that a POSA would have been motivated to use the 
PACE and thioPACE modifications taught in Threlfall and Deleavey in 
Pioneer Hi-Bred’s gRNA and crRNA molecules “because they would 
provide the same benefits to gRNAs that Pioneer Hi-Bred seeks to achieve,” 
including “[r]esistance to cellular degradation and increased cellular 
permeability” and “increased binding affinity.” Pet. 70–73 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 324, 330–33). In addition, Petitioner contends that “Threlfall reports 
successful cellular uptake of RNAs” with these modifications and therefore 
“a POSA would have understood that combining and synthesizing gRNAs 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
67 
with” these modifications in the guide sequences of gRNAs “would result in 
similarly increased cellular uptake of these modified gRNAs.” Id. at 70; see 
also id. at 73 (urging that a POSA would have understood that PACE and 
thioPACE “modifications in the targeting sequence would have had similar 
effects as noted in Threlfall and Deleavey”). 
According to Petitioner, a POSA would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success because “RNAs including such modifications had 
been previously synthesized in Threlfall” and “such synthesis methods were 
commercially available.” Pet. 71 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 326). Moreover, 
Petitioner contends that because of the “previous widespread use” of such 
modifications “in various types of RNA molecules in the field of gene 
regulation, a POSA would have reasonably expected” gRNAs containing 
such modifications “to be functional with the gRNA/Cas system.” Id. 71–72 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 289). 
Petitioner’s contentions are sufficiently supported by the record and 
persuasive. As explained above, Pioneer Hi-Bred discloses all of the 
limitations of the independent and other claims from which claims 6, 7, 22, 
and 23 depend. Regarding the additional limitations in claims 6, 7, 22, and 
23, Threlfall and Deleavey teach that PACE and thioPACE modifications to 
RNA enhance resistance to degradation and are tolerated in prior art 
systems. Ex. 1007, 8; Ex. 1010, 1–2. Threlfall further teaches the 
combination of such modifications with 2’-O-methyl modified nucleotides at 
the 3’ and 5’ ends of an RNA molecule. Ex. 1010, 2 (Table 1). Thus, the 
combination of references articulated in the Petition teaches or suggests all 
of the limitations of claims 6, 7, 22, and 23. 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
68 
Moreover, the record supports Petitioner’s rationale for combining the 
references. The teachings in Threlfall and Deleavey support Dr. Furneaux’s 
testimony (Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 320–25, 332–34) regarding the benefits, e.g., 
increased resistance to degradation and enhanced cellular uptake, that would 
have motivated a POSA to use such modifications in Pioneer Hi-Bred’s 
gRNA. See, e.g., Ex. 1007, 8 (teaching PACE modified RNA exhibits 
“enhanced nuclease resistance); Ex. 1010, 7 (teaching “cellular uptake was 
notably more efficient” with 2’-O-methyl thioPACE modified nucleotides). 
As Petitioner points out, these are the among the same benefits that Pioneer 
Hi-Bred suggests chemical modification of gRNA can achieve. See Ex. 
1006, 107. As explained above, Patent Owner’s arguments against 
Petitioner’s showing for combining the references are unavailing. See supra 
§ III.F.1. 
Petitioner has also sufficiently shown that a POSA would reasonably 
expect PACE and thioPACE modifications to gRNA in a CRISPR/Cas 
system would be successful. As explained above, we credit the supporting 
testimony of Dr. Furneaux and other evidence cited in the Petition over the 
competing testimony of Dr. Marshall in this regard. See supra § III.F.1. 
Patent Owner offers the same objective indicia evidence discussed in 
§ III.F.2 above for the claims in Ground 3. As explained there, the weight of 
this evidence is limited because Patent Owner has not established a 
sufficient nexus. Considering the totality of the evidence, including objective 
indicia of non-obviousness, we determine that Petitioner has established, by 
a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 8, 11, 16, 19, and 26 would 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
69 
have been obvious over the combination of Pioneer Hi-Bred and Threlfall or 
Deleavey.25 
H. Ground 4: Obviousness of claims 3 and 4 over Pioneer Hi-Bred in 
View of the Skill of a POSA 
To the extent they are not anticipated, Petitioner argues claims 3 and 4 
would have been obvious over Pioneer Hi-Bred in combination with the 
knowledge of a POSA. Pet. 74–77. More specifically, Petitioner offers 
evidence and argument that each of the additional limitations in these 
claims, i.e., a set or library comprising two or more synthetic gRNA (claim 
3), and a sgRNA (claim 4), was well known in the art and would have been 
obvious to implement in view of Pioneer Hi-Bred’s disclosure. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 338–49). 
Patent Owner advances the global arguments addressed above with 
respect to Petitioner’s other grounds, but does not specifically dispute that 
the additional limitations in claims 3 and 4 would have been known to a 
POSA. See Resp. 66. 
Petitioner’s contentions are sufficiently supported by the record and 
persuasive. As explained above, Pioneer Hi-Bred anticipates claims 3 and 4 
because it discloses the additional limitations in these claims and a POSA 
would have immediately envisioned embodiments meeting the same. To the 
extent one might argue otherwise, Petitioner has shown that claims 3 and 4 
would have been obvious because the additional elements they recite were 
 
25 Even if Patent Owner had established a sufficient nexus between these 
claims and its industry praise and copying evidence such that it was entitled 
to more weight, we would reach the same conclusion given the relative 
strength of Petitioner’s showing. 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
70 
well known to a POSA and taught in Pioneer Hi-Bred. In this regard, we 
credit Petitioner’s contentions and the supporting the testimony of Dr. 
Furneaux (i.e., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 338–49). Thus, considering the totality of the 
evidence, including objective indicia of non-obviousness, we determine that 
Petitioner has established, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 3 
and 4 would have been obvious over Pioneer Hi-Bred in view of the skill of 
a POSA. 
I. Ground 5: Obviousness of claims 5, 8–13, 20, 21, and 24–28 over 
Pioneer Hi-Bred in View of the Skill of a POSA 
Petitioner further asserts that claims 5, 8–13, 20, 21, and 24–28 would 
have been obvious over Pioneer Hi-Bred in view of the skill of a POSA. Pet. 
77–85. 
Having already determined that these claims are anticipated for the 
reasons in Ground 1 and obvious for the reasons in Ground 2, we need not 
decide Petitioner’s additional challenge to these claims in Ground 5. See SAS 
Inst. Inc. v. Iancu, 138 S. Ct. 1348, 1359 (2018) (holding that a petitioner “is 
entitled to a final written decision addressing all of the claims it has 
challenged”); Boston Sci. Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 F. App’x 984, 
990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (nonprecedential) (“We agree that the Board need not 
address [alternative grounds] that are not necessary to the resolution of the 
proceeding.”). 
J. Ground 6: Obviousness of claims 14 and 29 over Pioneer Hi-Bred in 
View of the Skill of a POSA 
To the extent they are not anticipated, Petitioner argues claims 14 and 
19 would have been obvious over Pioneer Hi-Bred in combination with the 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
71 
knowledge of a POSA. Pet. 85–86. More specifically, Petitioner offers 
evidence and argument that the additional limitations in these claims, i.e., a 
fluorophore at a 5’ end, was well known in the art and would have been 
obvious to implement in view of Pioneer Hi-Bred’s disclosure. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 391–95). 
Patent Owner advances the global arguments addressed above with 
respect to Petitioner’s other grounds, but does not specifically dispute that 
the additional limitations in claims 14 and 29 would have been known to a 
POSA. See Resp. 66–67. 
Petitioner’s contentions are sufficiently supported by the record and 
persuasive. As explained above, Pioneer Hi-Bred anticipates claims 14 and 
29 because it discloses the addition of a fluorophore to the VT domain and a 
POSA would have understood that the VT domain may be at either the 3’ or 
5’ end. Supra § III.E.vi. Thus, a POSA would have immediately envisioned 
embodiments meeting the same. To the extent one might argue otherwise, 
Petitioner has shown that claims 14 and 29 would have been obvious 
because the additional elements they recite were well known to a POSA and 
taught in Pioneer Hi-Bred. In this regard, we credit Petitioner’s contentions 
and the supporting the testimony of Dr. Furneaux (i.e., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 391–95). 
Thus, considering the totality of the evidence, including objective indicia of 
non-obviousness, we determine that Petitioner has established, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claims 14 and 29 would have been 
obvious over Pioneer Hi-Bred in view of the skill of a POSA. 
IV. 
MOTIONS TO SEAL 
The parties jointly request that Exhibits 1053–1058 and portions of 
Petitioner’s Reply discussing those exhibits be sealed. Paper 29 (“Joint 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
72 
Motion”). These exhibits “are excerpts of the deposition of Dr. Daniel Ryan, 
a named inventor on the . . . ’034 [patent], along with certain exhibits to his 
deposition transcript.” Id. at 1–2. “Patent Owner avers that the documents 
from the Ryan deposition provide information on proprietary research, as 
well as confidential information about Patent Owner’s business practices.” 
Id. at 3. The parties also represent that the district court in a related 
proceeding “explicitly ruled that the Ryan transcript and exhibits that are the 
subject of this Motion to Seal have been properly designated as 
confidential.” Id. (quotations omitted). 
Along with their motion, the parties submit a proposed protective 
order. Id. at App. A. This order follows the guidelines in Appendix B of the 
Trial Practice Guide,26 but modifies the highly confidential designation “by 
eliminating access by ‘persons who are named parties to the proceeding,’ 
‘party representatives,’ and ‘in-house counsel.’” Id. at 4–5. The parties 
represent that this modification aligns the designations in this proceeding 
with those that have been entered in the related district court proceeding and 
therefore “will aid in the efficient administration of justice, and will be more 
straightforward and expedient than preparing a ‘two level’ protective order 
for” the parties’ IPR proceedings. Id. at 5. 
A party may move to seal confidential information including, e.g., 
confidential research, development, or commercial information. TPG 19; 37 
C.F.R. § 42.54. It is the movant’s burden to show good cause for sealing 
such information, and we balance the party’s asserted need for 
confidentiality with the strong public interest in open proceedings. Argentum 
 
26 Consolidated Trial Practice Guide (Nov. 2019), 64, available at 
https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/tpgnov.pdf (“TPG”). 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
73 
Pharms. LLC v. Alcon Research, Ltd., IPR2017-01053, Paper 27 at 4 (PTAB 
Jan. 19, 2018) (informative). 
The parties provide a sufficient explanation and have shown good 
cause for sealing exhibits 1053–1058 and the related portions of Petitioner’s 
Reply. Moreover, Petitioner provides a public version of its Reply (Paper 
31) with redactions limited to a few paragraphs discussing these exhibits so 
the record may remain clear and reasonably open. We also determine that 
the proposed protective order with the agreed modification limiting access to 
outside counsel and the parties’ experts is appropriate under these 
circumstances. 
Patent Owner additionally moves to seal a paragraph in its Sur-reply, 
“which discusses documents as to which sealing was jointly requested” in 
the Joint Motion. Paper 34. Petitioner provides a public version of its Sur-
reply (Paper 35) with redactions limited to a single paragraph. We find that 
Patent Owner has shown good cause for granting its motion. 
Accordingly, Exhibits 1053–1058, Petitioner Reply (Paper 30), and 
Patent Owner’s Sur-reply (Paper 33) are sealed, and the protective order, 
Appendix A to Paper 29, is entered. 
 
V. 
CONCLUSION27 
Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 
1–33 of the ’034 patent are unpatentable. 
 
27 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
Decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
74 
 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.8(a)(3), 
42.8(b)(2). 
28 As explained above, we do not reach this ground. 
Claims 
 
35 U.S.C. § Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–5, 8–
21, 24–33 
102 
Pioneer Hi-
Bred 
1–5, 8–21, 
24–33 
 
5, 8–13, 
18, 20, 
21, 24–
28, 32 
103 
Pioneer Hi-
Bred, 
Krutzfeldgt, 
Deleavey, 
Soutschek, 
Yoo 
5, 8–13, 18, 
20, 21, 24–28, 
32 
 
6, 7, 22, 
23 
103 
Pioneer Hi-
Bred, 
Threlfall, 
Deleavey 
6, 7, 22, 23 
 
3, 4 
103 
Pioneer Hi-
Bred 
3, 4 
 
5, 8–13, 
20, 21, 
24–2828 
103 
Pioneer Hi-
Bred 
 
 
14, 29 
103 
Pioneer Hi-
Bred 
14, 29 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–33 
 

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
75 
VI. 
ORDER 
 
Accordingly, it is: 
 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown that claims 1–33 of U.S. Patent 
10,900,034 B2 are unpatentable; 
 
FURTHER ORDERED that the Joint Motion to Seal (Paper 29) and 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Seal Portions of the Sur-reply (Paper 33) are 
granted; and 
 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 76 ---
IPR2022-00403 
Patent 10,900,034 B2 
76 
 
 
PETITIONER: 
Derek Walter 
Adrian Percer 
WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP 
derek.walter@weil.com 
adrian.percer@weil.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Richard Lin 
Aaron Hand 
Brenda Entziminger 
BUNSOW DE MORY LLP 
rlin@bdiplaw.com 
ahand@bdiplaw.com 
bentzminger@bdiplaw.com