--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 54 
571-272-7822 
Date: November 4, 2022 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
ALCON INC., ALCON VISION, LLC, ALCON LABORATORIES, INC., 
and ALCON RESEARCH, LLC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
AMO DEVELOPMENT, LLC, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
 
 
Before SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, JON B. TORNQUIST, and 
RYAN H. FLAX, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
TORNQUIST, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. 
Background and Summary 
Alcon Inc., Alcon LenSx, Inc., Alcon Vision, LLC, Alcon 
Laboratories, Inc., and Alcon Research, LLC (collectively “Petitioner”) filed 
a Petition (Paper 1, “Pet.”) requesting an inter partes review of claims 1–17 
and 20–26 of U.S. Patent No. 9,233,024 B2 (Ex. 1007, “the ’024 patent”). 
AMO Development, LLC (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response to 
the Petition. Petitioner then filed a reply to Patent Owner’s Preliminary 
Response (Paper 11, “Preliminary Reply”) addressing whether Weikert is 
prior art to the ’024 patent, to which Patent Owner filed a sur-reply (Paper 
13). 
Upon review of the parties’ arguments and supporting evidence, we 
instituted review. Paper 15 (“Decision” or “Dec.”). 
 
Patent Owner subsequently filed a Response (Paper 31, “PO Resp.”), 
to which Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 39, “Pet. Reply”), and Patent Owner 
filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 49, “Sur-Reply”). 
Petitioner relies, inter alia, upon the declaration and reply declaration 
of Holger Lubatschowski, Ph.D. (Exs. 1001, 1069) and the declaration of 
Richard Tipperman, M.D. (Ex. 1070). Patent Owner submits the 
declarations of Jin U. Kang, Ph.D. (Exs. 2002, 2062) and Kathryn M. Hatch, 
M.D. (Ex. 2004, 2063). 
 
An oral hearing was held on August 30, 2022, and a transcript of the 
hearing is included in the record (Paper 53, “Tr.”). 
 
For the reasons that follow, we conclude that Petitioner has proven by 
a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–17 and 20–26 of the ’024 
patent are unpatentable. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
3 
B. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies Alcon Inc., Alcon Vision, LLC, Alcon 
Laboratories, Inc., and Alcon Research, LLC as the real parties-in-interest, 
noting that after the Petition was filed “Alcon LenSx, Inc. merged into 
Alcon Research, LLC, with Alcon Research LLC the surviving entity.” 
Paper 3, 1; Pet. 2–3. Patent Owner identifies itself and Johnson & Johnson 
Surgical Vision, Inc., AMO Manufacturing USA, LLC, and AMO Sales and 
Services, Inc., as the real parties-in-interest. Paper 5, 1. 
C. 
Related Matters 
The ’024 patent is asserted in AMO Development, LLC et al. v. Alcon 
LenSx, Inc. et al., No. 1:20-cv-00842-CFC (D. Del). Pet. 2; Paper 5, 1. 
Inter partes review petitions were also filed by Petitioner against related 
patents in IPR2021-00843, -00846, and -00849. Paper 3, 1; Pet. 2–3. 
D. 
Background of Cataract Surgery 
Each independent claim of the ’024 patent is directed to a “cataract 
surgery method of treating target tissue in one or more of a cornea, limbus, 
or sclera of a patient’s eye.” Ex. 1007, 14:7–8, 14:49–50, 15:15–16, 16:20–
21. For context, Patent Owner provides annotated figures of the ’024 patent, 
colored to highlight surgical incisions, which we reproduce below (PO Resp. 
8): 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
4 
 
The figures above are annotated versions of the ’024 patent’s Figures 7 
(above-right) and 8 (above-left) and show, respectively, a front and cross-
sectioned side view of the eye’s anatomy. Ex. 1007, 2:42–45, Figs. 7, 8. 
The annotated figures show iris 404, cornea 406, limbus 408, and sclera 410, 
with cataract incision 402 annotated in green and relaxation incisions 420 
annotated in blue (Figure 7). Id. at 12:21–26; PO Resp. 8–9. 
The parties explain that cataract surgery typically involves removal of 
the eye’s natural lens and replacing it with an intraocular lens (IOL). 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 23; Ex. 2063 ¶ 26. Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Lubatschowski, 
provides the following figures depicting these implantation steps (Ex. 1001 
¶ 23): 
 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
5 
The figures above show the steps used in the process of implanting an IOL 
in a patient. Id. First, to access the lens, an incision must be made in the 
cornea or nearby tissues. Id. Then an optional step may be implemented to 
correct for astigmatism, “whether pre-existing or surgery-induced.” Id. 
¶¶ 23–24. Second, in a process called capsulorhexis or anterior 
capsulotomy, an opening is made in the anterior lens capsule. Id. Third, the 
eye’s lens is broken apart and removed, usually by ultrasonic 
phacoemulsification or segmenting the lens cortex and nucleus. Id.; 
Ex. 2063 ¶ 26. Finally, an IOL is implanted in the lens capsule. Ex. 1001 
¶ 23; Ex. 2063 ¶ 26. 
E. 
The ’024 Patent 
As noted above, the ’024 patent is directed to cataract surgery 
methods for treating target tissue in one or more of the cornea, limbus, or 
sclera of a patient’s eye. Ex. 1007, 1:15–16, 2:13–21, 14:7–8. According to 
the ’024 patent, the techniques and systems disclosed provide for “rapid and 
precise openings in the cornea and/or limbus,” and the accuracy and 
precision by which these incisions are made is “improved over traditional 
methods.” Id. at 2:52–57. 
The system of the ’024 patent may be used to create a “cataract 
incision,” which allows access for the lens removal instrumentation used 
during cataract surgery. Id. at 10:19–25. The ’024 patent explains that a 
complete cataract incision is not desirable in all situations, such as when the 
incision is made in an unsterile field where opening the eye to the 
environment poses further risks of endophthalmitis. Id. at 10:29–32. “In 
this case, the present invention may provide a cataract incision that only 
partially penetrates” the cornea, limbus, or sclera. Id. at 10:32–34. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
6 
The ’024 patent states that “[m]any cataract patients are astigmatic.” 
Id. at 1:39. One use of the disclosed method is to “perform astigmatic 
keratotomy, such as limbal and corneal relaxing incisions, in conjunction 
with the creation of [a] surgical incision that provides the surgeon access to 
the anterior chamber of an eye.” Id. at 2:59–63. To assist in this process, a 
“wavefront sensor, interferometer, surface profiler, or other such device may 
be used to yield prescriptions for correcting the astigmatism or other visual 
aberrations.” Id. at 2:65–3:1. 
Figure 6 of the ’024 patent is reproduced below: 
 
Figure 6 is a schematic diagram of the optical beam scanning system with a 
profilometer subsystem. Id. at 2:40–41. In the system depicted in Figure 6, 
ultrafast light source 4 (e.g., a femtosecond laser) is scanned in patient’s 
eye 68 in three dimensions. Id. at 3:45–50. Laser 4 is controlled by control 
electronics 300, via an input and output device 302, to create optical beam 6. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
7 
Id. at 4:1–3. “[G]raphical user interface GUI 304 may be used to set system 
operating parameters, process user input (UI) 306 on the GUI 304, and 
display gathered information such as images of ocular structures.” Id. at 
4:5–9. 
 
UF light beam 6 proceeds towards the patient’s eye 68, passing 
through various plates, mirrors, detectors, and control devices. Id. at 4:10–
51. Beam combiner 34 transmits aim beam 202, OCT beam 114, and 
UF light beam 6. Id. at 4:51–54. UF light beam 6 proceeds through Z scan 
device 40 and then to x-y scan device 50. Id. at 4:59–5:9. Scanner 50 can 
automatically generate “aiming and treatment scan patterns . . . under the 
control of controller 300.” Id. at 5:35–37. 
 
“An optional contact lens 66, which can be any suitable ophthalmic 
lens, can be used to help further focus the optical beam 6 into the patient’s 
eye 68 while helping to stabilize eye position.” Id. at 5:53–56. 
Profilometer 415 is distal to X-Y scanner 50 “to allow for a continuous 
unobstructed view of the cornea of patient’s eye 68.” Id. at 11:31–33. 
Profilometer 415 “may be a placido system, triangulation system, laser 
displacement sensor, interferometer, or other such device, which measures 
the corneal topography,” and “may be used to prescribe an astigmatic 
keratotomy to correct the shape of a patient’s cornea to diminish its 
astigmatism.” Id. at 11:57–59. 
 
Although contact lens 66 is shown in Figure 6, the ’024 patent 
explains that contact lens 66 or its disposition relative to cornea 406 of 
eye 68 may have to be modified, compensated for, or removed to suit the 
profilometer’s mode of operation. Id. at 11:36–48. “This is because 
profilometer 415 requires the cornea to be in its natural state, not forced into 
contact with a surface and possibly conforming to its shape, to accurately 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
8 
measure cornea 406 and provide data to system 2 for calculation . . . .” Id. at 
11:40–45. 
F. 
Illustrative Claim 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–17 and 20–26 of the ’024 patent. 
Pet. 6. Of the challenged claims, claims 1, 8, 12, and 22 are independent. 
Claim 1 is illustrative of the challenged claims and is reproduced below: 
1. A cataract surgery method of treating target tissue in one or 
more of a cornea, limbus or sclera of a patient’s eye, 
comprising: 
generating a treatment light beam; 
deflecting the treatment light beam using a scanner to form first 
and second treatment patterns; 
delivering the first treatment pattern to a first target tissue 
selected from the group consisting of the cornea, limbus and 
sclera of the patient’s eye to form a cataract incision that is 
sized to provide access to an eye chamber of the patient’s eye 
for lens removal instrumentation; and 
delivering the second treatment pattern to a second target tissue 
to form a relaxation incision along or near limbus tissue or 
along corneal tissue anterior to the limbus tissue of the 
patient's eye to reduce astigmatism thereof, 
wherein the incision formed by delivering the first treatment 
pattern only partially extends through the target tissue. 
Ex. 1007, 14:7–24. 
G. 
Prior Art and Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–17 and 20–26 are unpatentable on the 
following grounds (Pet. 6): 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
9 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §1 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–17, 20–26 
103 
Blumenkranz2, Kurtz3, Weikert4 
Alternative: 165 
103 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, 
Weikert, Swinger 6 
1–3, 6, 16, 17, 20–26 
103 
Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert 
4, 5, 7–15 
103 
Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, Benedikt7 
 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. 
Legal Standards 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that 
the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said 
subject matter pertains. See KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 
Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective 
March 16, 2013. Because the latest possible effective filing date of the 
challenged claims of the ’024 patent is before this date (August 7, 2012), the 
pre-AIA version of these statutes apply. See 35 U.S.C. § 100(i)(2); 
Ex. 1007, code (22). 
2 US Patent Publication No. 2006/0195076 A1, published August 31, 2006. 
Ex. 1017 (“Blumenkranz”). 
3 US Patent Publication No. 2008/0058777 A1. Ex. 1018 (“Kurtz”). 
4 Mitchell P. Weikert and Douglas D. Koch, Refractive Keratotomy: Does It 
Have a Future Role in Refractive Surgery?, Cataract and Refractive Surgery 
(2005). Ex. 1019 (“Weikert”); see Ex. 1001 ¶ 73. 
5 Petitioner challenges claim 16 as obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, 
Weikert, and Swinger as an alternative ground, should the Board find that 
claim 16 would not have been obvious over the combination of 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert. Pet. 6, 45–46. 
6 US 6,325,792 B1, issued December 4, 2001. Ex. 1021 (“Swinger”). 
7 US Patent Publication No. US 2004/0066489 A1, published April 8, 2004. 
Ex. 1020 (“Benedikt”). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
10 
factual determinations, including (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) if in the record, objective 
evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 
(1966). 
B. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of skill in the art, we consider the type of 
problems encountered in the art, the prior art solutions to those problems, the 
rapidity with which innovations are made, the sophistication of the 
technology, and the educational level of active workers in the field. Custom 
Accessories, Inc. v. Jeffrey-Allan Indus., Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 (Fed. Cir. 
1986). 
Petitioner contends one of ordinary skill in the art “would have had a 
Ph.D. in Physics, Biomedical Engineering, or a related science, such as 
Optical Engineering, or at least five years of experience in research, 
manufacturing, or designing medical optics or medical lasers.” Pet. 24–25. 
According to Petitioner, “[i]n either case, a [person of ordinary skill in the 
art] would have also had a moderate understanding of ophthalmology, and 
refractive and cataract surgery.” Id. at 25. 
Patent Owner contends the field of invention is “ophthalmic surgical 
procedures and systems” and that the team of inventors that developed the 
’024 patent included an ophthalmic surgeon. PO Resp. 9 (citing Ex. 1007, 
1:15–16, 1:57–60; Ex. 2055). Thus, according to Patent Owner, the correct 
level of skill in the art includes meaningful experience with ophthalmic 
surgery, such as an ophthalmic surgeon with experience with medical optics 
or lasers, or an engineer with a Bachelor’s degree in a laser-related 
engineering or optics field who worked with an ophthalmic surgeon. Id. at 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
11 
10 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶ 80). Patent Owner contends this definition of an 
ordinarily skilled artisan stands in contrast to the experience of Petitioner’s 
declarant, Dr. Lubatschowski, who lacks experience in ophthalmic surgery. 
Id. at 10–11. 
In its Reply, Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s definition of the 
ordinarily skilled artisan includes an engineer who “worked with a 
clinician,” and Dr. Lubatschowski has over 20 years of experience in laser 
applications for ophthalmology working with ophthalmic surgeons. 
Pet. Reply 4 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶ 80). 
Both parties present compelling evidence that those of skill in the art 
would include individuals with experience in ophthalmology, as well as in 
the research, manufacture, and design of medical optics or medical lasers. 
Pet. 24–25; PO Resp. 10. The evidence of record also demonstrates that few 
individuals actually had such experience. Rather, teams of individuals with 
different expertise and various academic degrees would work together to 
design laser surgery systems intended to make incisions in the cornea, 
limbus, sclera, or lens of the eye. 
Thus, we find that the person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
been an ophthalmic surgeon or someone with a Ph.D., M.S., or B.S. degree 
in physics, biomedical engineering, or a related science, such as optical 
engineering, and having experience in researching, manufacturing, or 
designing medical optics or medical lasers (e.g., 5 years of experience for a 
Ph.D. or more to compensate for lesser degrees). We further find that such 
persons would have worked in collaboration with one another to fill any 
necessary gaps in knowledge (e.g., the engineer would consult the medical 
doctor on clinical issues or physiology and the medical doctor would consult 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
12 
the engineer on technical issues). This definition marries the two definitions 
proposed by the parties. 
We note that although the level of ordinary skill in the art could 
include individuals with varying backgrounds and experience levels, where a 
declarant has knowledge of ophthalmic surgery but not medical optics, or of 
medical optics and engineering but not ophthalmic surgery, we will take this 
relative lack of direct experience or knowledge into account when weighing 
each declarant’s testimony. 
C. 
Claim Construction 
In this proceeding, the claims of the ’024 patent are construed “using 
the same claim construction standard that would be used to construe the 
claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). 
Under that standard, the words of a claim are generally given their “ordinary 
and customary meaning,” which is the meaning the term would have had to 
a person of ordinary skill at the time of the invention in the context of the 
entire patent including the specification. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 
1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 
Petitioner provides constructions for the terms “[a] cataract surgery 
method” and “the first and second treatment patterns are delivered 
simultaneously.” Pet. 6–10. 
Patent Owner provides constructions for the terms “[a] cataract 
surgery method” and “cataract incision . . . only partially extends through the 
target tissue.” PO Resp. 12–14. 
We address the construction of “[a] cataract surgery method” below. 
See Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 
1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, 
Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (“[O]nly those terms need be 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
13 
construed that are in controversy, and only to the extent necessary to resolve 
the controversy.”)). 
“A cataract surgery method” 
1. 
Whether the Preamble is Limiting 
The preamble of independent claims 1, 8, 12, and 22 recites “[a] 
cataract surgery method of treating target tissue in one or more of a cornea, 
limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye.” Ex. 1007, 14:7–9, 14:49–15:3, 15:15–
37, 16:20–40. Petitioner contends this preamble phrase is a non-limiting 
statement of intended use. Pet. 6 (citing Arctic Cat Inc. v. GEP Power 
Prod., Inc., 919 F.3d 1320, 1328 (Fed. Cir. 2019)). Petitioner acknowledges 
that the Examiner amended the preamble from “[a] method” to “a cataract 
surgery method” during prosecution, but contends this still represents an 
intended use that “fails to impart any patentable weight to the claimed 
method steps, which can be performed by multifunctional ophthalmic-
surgery systems.” Id. at 6–7. 
Patent Owner contends the preamble phrase is limiting because it was 
added by the Examiner to secure allowance of the claims. PO Resp. 12. In 
particular, Patent Owner notes that to overcome the prior art the Examiner 
suggested amending the claims “to exclude the other types of treatments,” 
replacing “[a] method” with “[a] cataract surgery method.” Id. 
In its Reply, Petitioner asserts that “a closer look indicates the 
Examiner did not rely” on the insertion of the phrase “cataract surgery 
method” in the preamble when allowing the claims. Pet. Reply 5. Petitioner 
reasons that, although “the Examiner suggests the amendment was ‘to 
exclude other types of treatment,’ . . . the Notice of Allowance instead 
focuses on the fact that the prior art lacked partially penetrating cataract 
incisions.” Id. (citing Ex. 1009, 14). Thus, according to Petitioner, the 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
14 
“Examiner’s (incorrect) conclusion that a partially penetrating cataract 
incision was patentable was the basis for allowance, not that the prior art 
failed to teach a ‘cataract surgery method.’” Id. 
“[C]lear reliance on the preamble during prosecution to distinguish 
the claimed invention from the prior art transforms the preamble into a claim 
limitation because such reliance indicates use of the preamble to define, in 
part, the claimed invention.” Catalina Mkt’g Int’l, Inc. v. Coolsavings.com, 
Inc., 289 F.3d 801, 808–09 (Fed. Cir. 2002). Here, and as discussed in 
further detail below, the Examiner expressly allowed the claims, in part, due 
to an Examiner’s Amendment changing “[a] method” to “[a] cataract 
surgery method.” Ex. 1009, 16. This reliance on the preamble to define the 
claimed invention transforms this portion of the preamble into a limitation. 
See Catalina Mkt’g, 289 F.3d. at 808. 
2. 
Claim Construction Analysis 
The determination that the preamble is limiting leads to the question 
of what a “cataract surgery method” entails. Patent Owner contends the 
term “cataract surgery method” “excludes methods for other treatments, 
such as Kurtz’s corneal transplant” procedures. PO Resp. 36. Petitioner 
disagrees, asserting that the term only requires a cataract or relaxation 
incision. Pet. Reply 6. 
To construe a claim, we must look at the claim language, the written 
description, and if in evidence the prosecution history. Vitronics Corp. v. 
Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1582 (Fed. Cir. 1996). This intrinsic 
evidence is “the most significant source of the legally operative meaning of 
disputed claim language,” and “in most situations an analysis of the intrinsic 
evidence alone will resolve any ambiguity in a disputed claim term.” Id. at 
1582–83. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
15 
a) 
Claims 
Independent claims 1, 8, 12, and 22 require “A cataract surgery 
method of treating target tissue in one or more of a cornea, limbus, or sclera 
of a patient’s eye.” Ex. 1007, 14:7–8, 14:49–3, 15:15–37, 16:20–40. Both 
parties agree that the term “cataract surgery” suggests that the system is 
intended for use in cataract surgery. Sur-Reply 3; Pet. Reply 6. 
As noted above, cataract surgery involves incisions in the cornea, 
limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye, as well as incisions in the lens capsule 
and lens. Pet. 18; Ex. 2063 ¶ 26. Although the term “cataract surgery” 
could imply any of these incisions, the preambles of claims 1, 8, 12, and 22 
make clear that the intended purpose of the claimed cataract surgery method 
is to treat “one or more of a cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye,” and 
the body of each independent claim is directed only to cataract and relaxing 
incisions. 
Accordingly, the language of claims 1, 8, 12, and 22 suggests that the 
claimed “cataract surgery method” is used to treat tissue in the cornea, 
limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye for purposes of cataract surgery, but does 
not suggest that the method must be used to also make unclaimed incisions 
in the lens capsule or lens (where the cataract would reside). 
b) 
Written Description 
The term “cataract surgery method” is not used in the written 
description of the ’024 patent. Review of the written description, however, 
provides useful insight into how the inventors viewed their disclosed 
invention. For example, in the Background of the Invention section, the 
written description focuses on the need for “ophthalmic methods, 
techniques, and apparatus to advance the standard of care of corneal shaping 
that may be associated with invasive cataract and other ophthalmic 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
16 
pathologies.” Ex. 1007, 1:57–60 (emphasis added). The Summary of the 
Invention section then focuses on the use of patterned laser cutting in the 
cornea and limbus to form cataract and relaxation incisions. Id. at 1:64–66. 
In neither of these sections is laser surgery on the lens discussed or 
described. This suggests that the claimed method is directed to making 
incisions in the cornea, limbus, or sclera, and not necessarily the lens or lens 
capsule. 
In at least one embodiment of the ’024 patent, it is noted that OCT 
data may be loaded into control electronics “and used to program and 
control the subsequent laser-assisted surgical procedure” on the lens and lens 
capsule. Id. at 6:14–16. This suggests that a cataract surgery method might 
be used to form incisions in the cornea as well as the lens. We are directed 
to no disclosure in the written description, however, indicating that the 
disclosed method must be used for all steps of cataract surgery, such as 
incisions in the lens or lens capsule. 
Accordingly, we find that the written description supports that the 
claimed “cataract surgery method” is intended to provide incisions in the 
cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye and could include, but is not 
required to include, incisions in the lens or lens capsule. 
c) 
Prosecution History 
In a Final Office Action during prosecution, the Examiner rejected the 
pending claims over the prior art combination of Blumenkranz (US Patent 
Publication No. 2006/0195076), Swinger (US Patent No. 6,325,792), and 
Bille (US Patent No. 4,907,586), as evidenced by Bille ’586 (US Patent No. 
4,907,586). Ex. 1009, 58. In this rejection, the Examiner asserted that 
Blumenkranz discloses image guided laser surgery on the lens, as well as in 
other areas of the eye, such as sclera, iris, etc. Id. at 61. Given these 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
17 
capabilities, the Examiner asserted that Blumenkranz could be used to 
provide multiple focus beams to create multiple incisions in the crystalline 
lens, as well as in the softer tissues of the other regions of the eye. Id. 
The Examiner then noted that Swinger discloses applying multiple 
laser incisions in a patient’s eye, as well as the utility of the method in 
corneal operations, such as keratoplasty, “correcting myopia, hyperopia, 
astigmatism, optical aberrations, etc.” Id. at 61–62. The Examiner further 
noted that Swinger discloses making precise cuts in desired locations in a 
reproducible fashion, including “relaxation incisions,” which can be made in 
any “predetermined length and depth.” Id. at 62–63. 
The Examiner then asserted that Bille teaches a laser beam guidance 
system that can focus on cells in the cornea with “great accuracy” and with 
control of the depth of the incision in the corneal portion of the eye. Id. at 
64. 
After summarizing the disclosures of Blumenkranz, Swinger, and 
Bille, the Examiner concluded that 
it would have been obvious for one of ordinary skill in the art at 
the time of the instant invention was made to employ the 
system of Blumenkranz for not only making incisions in the 
lens but also for making incisions in the cornea by precisely 
controlling the location and depth of the incision such that the 
incision can penetrate epithelium, Bowman’s membrane and 
only partially extend in to the stroma of cornea (col. 6, l. 40–
68), [as] suggested by Bille. 
Id. at 64. 
In response to the Final Office Action, the Applicants amended the 
preamble of claim 1 to “identify the target tissues (to be treated),” i.e., “one 
or more of a cornea, limbus or sclera.” Id. at 31 (claim amendment), 54 
(applicant-initiated interview summary). Responding to the rejection over 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
18 
Blumenkranz, Swinger, and Bille, the Applicants argued that although the 
prior art disclosed partially penetrating incisions “whose purpose is to 
reshape the cornea, it does not do so for partially penetrating cataract 
incisions, whose purpose is not to re-shape the cornea.” Id. at 41. The 
Applicants further argued that one of ordinary skill in the art would not have 
been motivated to generate a partial cataract incision because a partial 
incision is “unsuitable for its intended purpose of allowing access to the lens 
for surgical instruments.” Id. 
In response to the Applicants’ amendments and arguments, the 
Examiner initiated an interview in which the Examiner suggested that “A 
method” in the preamble be amended to “A cataract surgery method” in each 
independent claim. Id. at 14. The Examiner stated as the reasons for 
allowance that the 
Instant claimed method is distinguishable from those taught by 
the prior art of record in that the prior art does not teach or 
suggest the suitability of a delivery system that deliver[s] a first 
treatment pattern to a target tissue selected from the cornea, 
sclera, and limbus to form a cataract incision, which only 
partially extends through the target tissue, and provides access 
to the eye chamber of the patient’s eye without causing 
refractive changes. On the other hand, prior art of record 
teaches fully penetrating incisions for cataract surgery, which 
do not avoid refractive changes in accessing the crystalline lens 
during cataract surgery. 
Id. at 17. Thus, the Examiner’s reason for allowance was not based on the 
ability of the claimed method to make incisions in both the lens and the 
cornea, but rather stems from the Examiner’s conclusion that the prior art of 
record did not disclose partially penetrating cataract incisions that do not 
cause refractive changes. Id. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
19 
 
In the subsequent Examiner-Initiated Interview Summary, the 
Examiner stated that the “Applicants presented the arguments that the 
prior art does not teach cataract incisions that partially penetrate the 
target tissue. Examiner suggested limiting the claimed method to 
cataract surgery to exclude the other types of methods.” Id. at 14. 
The claims then received a Notice of Allowance on September 24, 
2015. Id. at 10. 
 
Patent Owner argues that the Examiner’s explanation of 
amending the claims to “A cataract surgery method” in order to 
“exclude the other types of methods” demonstrates that the claimed 
method must be capable of making not only the claimed cataract and 
relaxing incisions, but also incisions in the lens. PO Resp. 12, 36. 
 
The Examiner’s reasons for allowance regarding a “cataract 
surgery method” are ambiguous. For example, it is not clear how 
addition of the term “cataract surgery method” would exclude either 
Blumenkranz or Swinger, which both expressly disclose laser 
incisions in the lens or lens capsule for purposes of cataract surgery. 
Ex. 1017 ¶ 9; Ex. 1006, 76; Ex. 1021, 34:30–35:3. Bille does appear 
to be limited to laser incisions in the cornea, but the combination 
relied upon by the Examiner was for Blumenkranz to perform the 
claimed cataract and relaxation incisions. Thus, it is not clear how the 
Examiner’s Amendment to include a “cataract surgery method” would 
exclude any of the relied upon “surgery methods.” 
 
In their response to the Final Office Action, the Applicants 
stressed that Blumenkranz, Swinger, and Bille do not individually or 
in combination teach or suggest a cataract incision, “which is intended 
to provide access to the crystalline lens for the lens removal 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
20 
instruments during cataract surgery,” that only partially penetrates the 
cornea of the patient’s eye, and is not intended to “reshape the 
cornea.” Ex. 1009, 41. We are directed to no argument in this 
response that Blumenkranz, Swinger, or Bille must be capable of 
making incisions in both the lens and the cornea, or that the claimed 
incisions must be made during cataract surgery in which a laser is 
used to make incisions in both the cornea, limbus, or sclera, as well as 
the lens or lens capsule. Likewise, the Examiner’s stated reasons for 
allowance focused on the Applicants’ argument that the recited prior 
art references do not disclose a cataract incision in the cornea, limbus, 
or sclera of a patient’s eye that only partially extends through target 
tissue and does not cause refractive changes to the eye. Id. at 16–17. 
In view of the foregoing, we understand that the addition of the 
term “cataract surgery method” was intended to make clear that the 
claimed method is used to make specific incisions related to cataract 
surgery, and not merely incisions “whose purpose is to reshape the 
cornea,” as disclosed for example in Bille. Id. at 64. We do not find 
that the prosecution history suggests that the term “cataract surgery 
method” requires that the method be used to form the claimed 
incisions in the cornea, limbus, or sclera, as well as unclaimed 
incisions in the lens or lens capsule. 
d) 
Analysis 
As discussed above, the intrinsic record of the ’024 patent, that is, the 
claims, written description, and prosecution history, suggests that a “cataract 
surgery method” is one that is used to create at least one incision related to 
cataract surgery. This may include cataract and relaxation incisions in the 
cornea, limbus, or sclera, or incision in the lens or lens capsule. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
21 
Accordingly, we construe the claim term “cataract surgery method” to 
require that the method be used to perform at least one incision related to 
cataract surgery, such as the expressly claimed cataract and relaxation 
incisions. Pet. 18–19 (Petitioner describing the steps of a “typical cataract 
surgery”). 
D. 
Prior Art Status of Weikert 
The Petition asserts that Weikert is an article, titled Refractive 
Keratotomy: Does it Have a Future Role in Refractive Surgery?, that was 
published in 2005 “as Chapter 14 in CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY” 
and is therefore prior art to the ’024 patent under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Pet. 5, 
26. In support of the Petition, Dr. Lubatschowski testifies that the identified 
chapter of Weikert was part of “the 2005 edition” of “CATARACT AND 
REFRACTIVE SURGERY.” Ex. 1001 ¶ 73. 
In its authorized Preliminary Reply to the Preliminary Response, 
Petitioner provides a copy of the front cover of Weikert, as well as pages 
identifying the ISBN number, ISSN number, Library of Congress Control 
Number, and a 2005 copyright date for the reference. Preliminary Reply 1; 
Ex. 1060, 1–5.8 Petitioner also argues that a simple internet search of the 
citation provided in the Petition would provide the same information. 
Preliminary Reply 3. 
Patent Owner contends that the Petition failed to provide evidence 
establishing Weikert is prior art to the ’024 patent and, therefore, “the 
Petition fails at the threshold.” PO Resp. 15. Patent Owner acknowledges 
that Petitioner submitted Supplemental Evidence and Reply arguments to 
 
8 Here we reference the page numbers added in the bottom-right corner of 
the reference that were added by Petitioner. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
22 
support its assertion that Weikert is prior art to the ’024 patent, but contends 
the Petition must establish a reference as prior art, and failure to do so in this 
case is fatal. Id. 
A petition must “identify with particularity the grounds for institution 
and evidence supporting such grounds,” including “the prior art relied upon 
and evidence that it qualifies as such.” Hulu, LLC v. Sound View 
Innovations, LLC, IPR2018-01039, Paper 29 at 13 (PTAB Dec. 20, 2019) 
(precedential) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)). The Petition identifies the 
grounds for institution and the evidence supporting such grounds, and 
presents evidence that Weikert qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(b). Pet. 5, 26. For example, Petitioner and Dr. Lubatschowski assert 
that CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY “is a quarterly review series 
comprising chapters written by well-known specialists,” and that Weikert 
was included in the 2005 edition of CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY 
as Chapter 14: Refractive Keratotomy: Does it Have a Future Role in 
Refractive Surgery? Ex. 1001 ¶ 73. 
In addition, Hulu contemplates additional evidence being admitted in 
a reply to a patent owner preliminary response, as long as that evidence is 
responsive to the prior briefing. Hulu, Paper 29 at 14. In this case, 
Petitioner’s evidence submitted in its Reply is responsive to arguments made 
in prior briefs (i.e., Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response and Response), 
and simply confirms what was asserted in the Petition and 
Dr. Lubatschowski’s declaration, i.e., that Weikert is Chapter 14 of 
CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY and the document bears a copyright 
date of 2005 (or, as asserted by Dr. Lubatschowski, is a “2005 edition”). 
Ex. 1060, 5, 12; Pet. 5, 26–27; Ex. 1001 ¶ 73. In addition, this evidence 
indicates that CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY was published by 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
23 
“Springer,” which is a well-known publishing company, and is the type of 
document that would be expected to be made publicly accessible. See 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 73 (asserting that CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY “is a 
quarterly review series comprising chapters written by well-known 
specialists”); Ex. 1019, 220, 224, 227, 228, 230, 232 (providing a “Summary 
for the Clinician” at the end of several sub-chapters); Ex. 1060, 4–5. 
The information presented in the Petition, as confirmed by the 
Preliminary Reply evidence submitted by Petitioner, sufficiently 
demonstrates that Weikert is prior art to the ’024 patent. 
E. 
Claims 1–3, 6, 16, 17, and 20–26 as 
Obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert 
Petitioner contends the subject matter of claims 1–3, 6, 16, 17, and 
20–26 would have been obvious over the combined disclosures of Kurtz, 
Swinger, and Weikert. Pet. 47–57. 
1. 
Kurtz 
Kurtz discloses a system and method for resecting corneal tissue using 
a surgical laser. Ex. 1018, code (57). In particular, Kurtz discloses a system 
and techniques for transplanting corneas. Id. ¶ 2. 
Kurtz explains that traditional techniques used for performing 
penetrating keratoplasty involved using a full-thickness cylindrical cut in 
both the recipient and donor corneas to resect corneal tissue. Id. ¶ 4. The 
resected donor tissue is then grafted into the recipient cornea in the same 
operating room and within minutes of the resection. Id. 
Kurtz explains that femtosecond surgical lasers were previously used 
to create full thickness corneal incisions, but such systems have the 
drawback of taking up “valuable space within the operating room.” Id. ¶ 5. 
Given this drawback, Kurtz discloses that “[a]s an alternative, the 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
24 
femtosecond surgical laser could be placed in a surgical preparation room.” 
Id. In that scenario, extreme care must be taken not to expose the internal 
tissues of the cornea to contaminants “during the process of transferring the 
recipient and the donor tissue to the operating room for completion of the 
procedure.” Id. 
To overcome these limitations, Kurtz discloses having the pulsed laser 
beam skip portions of the resection pattern, thereby leaving uncut gaps in the 
to-be-resected cornea. Id. ¶ 7. Kurtz explains that by leaving uncut gaps in 
the resection pattern, tissue along the incision and the internal chambers of 
the eye remain protected and unexposed to environmental contaminants, 
allowing the patient to be moved between the preparation room and the 
operating room without exposing the patient to contamination risks. Id. 
¶ 14. Once in the operating room, the uncut gaps may be incised by the 
surgeon using an alternate surgical instrument, preferably a bladed 
instrument. Id. ¶¶ 8, 15. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
25 
Figure 2 of Kurtz is reproduced below: 
 
Figure 2 of Kurtz is a schematic illustration of a system for resecting corneal 
tissue using a resection pattern having an uncut gap. Id. ¶ 12. In the 
embodiment shown in Figure 2, femtosecond surgical laser 31 generates a 
pulsed laser beam 33 and directs that beam into focusing assembly 35, 
“which in turn focuses the pulsed beam 33 into the cornea 37.” Id. ¶ 19. 
Interface 41 “presents the surgeon with several incision patterns from which 
the desired resection pattern is selected.” Id. Controller 39 “is a 
programmable computer which precisely controls the location of the beam 
focal point within the cornea 37 according to parameters received from the 
surgeon interface 41.” Id. 
2. 
Weikert 
Weikert reviews the history, use, and potential future of refractive 
keratotomy, which involves making incisions into the cornea of the eye, 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
26 
often to correct astigmatism. Ex. 1019, 217.9 Weikert explains that the first 
clinical use of keratotomy to correct refractive error occurred in 1885, where 
a penetrating limbal incision was used to decrease astigmatism following 
cataract surgery. Id. (section 14.2). Although by the late 1990s laser-based 
systems “had replaced refractive keratotomy as the dominant technique for 
the surgical correction of refraction error,” Weikert notes that “incisional 
corneal surgery remains a useful tool in the surgeon’s repertoire of refractive 
procedures.” Id. at 218. 
Weikert notes that clear corneal incisions (CCIs) “made during 
cataract surgery have been known to induce astigmatism by flattening the 
meridian on which the incision is centered.” Id. at 227 (section 14.7.1). 
“The amount of this surgically induced astigmatism (SIA) varies with 
incision length and placement.” Id. Weikert reports that one study 
comparing incision sizes of 3.2 mm, 4.0 mm, and 5.2 mm, found that the 
mean SIA was 0.09 D, 0.26 D, and 0.54 D, respectively. Id. In view of the 
various studies on the subject, Weikert reports that “0.0–0.5 D of SIA can be 
expected from temporal CCIs less than or equal to 3.2 mm.” Id. at 228. 
Weikert notes that one method of correcting the astigmatism caused 
by corneal incisions for cataract surgery was to provide “a similar incision 
placed opposite to the temporal CCI,” with cataract surgery being performed 
only through one wound. Id. (section 14.7.2). Although such a procedure 
can reduce astigmatism, its “range is limited” and “carries [the] additional 
risk associated with the extra penetrating corneal wound.” Id. To correct 
higher levels of astigmatism, Weikert reports that “[p]artial thickness, 
arcuate or transverse corneal incisions” may be used and that “[a]rcuate 
 
9 Our citations are to the original page numbers of the document. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
27 
incision have been combined with cataract surgery to reduce pre-existing 
astigmatism.” Id. at 228–229 (section 14.7.3). 
In its conclusion, Weikert reports that “[a]s advances continue in the 
areas of intraocular lens design, crystalline lens removal and excimer laser 
refractive surgery, we are likely to see further decline in the use of refractive 
keratotomy.” Id. at 232. 
3. 
Swinger 
Swinger discloses the use of low energy, ultra-short (femtosecond) 
pulsed laser radiation to ablate ocular tissue in a controlled fashion. 
Ex. 1021, code (57). Swinger explains that the disclosed photodisruption 
process is gentle enough that it may be used for surgical procedures that 
were previously impossible using laser radiation, including “radial and 
arcuate keratotomy,” “capsulectomy, capsulorhexis, and phacoablation.” Id. 
Figure 6 of Swinger is reproduced below: 
 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
28 
Figure 6 is a block diagram of a preferred embodiment of the laser and 
control system of Swinger. Id. at 10:61–62, 17:1–30. As shown in Figure 6, 
laser unit 100 generates laser beam B. Id. at 17:1–2. Swinger explains that 
the preferred laser system includes a broad gain bandwidth laser using lasing 
ions such as titanium, chromium or neodymium and emitting at a preferred 
wavelength of 400 nm to 1900 nm, “which is generally transmissive in eye 
tissue.” Id. at 8:43–48. 
Zoom lens 106 provides control over the diameter of laser beam B. 
Id. at 17:21–24. Beam-splitting mirrors 122 and 126 reflect part of the beam 
energy to beam diameter sensor 124 and beam location sensor 128, 
respectively. Id. at 18:43–45, 19:30–33. Beam intensity controller 112 is 
coupled to computer control unit 114, which is programmed to vary the 
intensity of surgical laser beam S, as necessary for a particular surgical 
procedure. Id. at 17:50–54. Safety shutter 120 is coupled to computer 
control unit 114 and is used to prevent unwanted or accidental laser radiation 
exposure of eye tissue. Id. at 18:10–24, 19:24–29. Guide beam unit 132 
includes a low-power laser that provides a guide beam appropriate for direct 
viewing that is aligned with surgical laser beam S and acts as an indicator of 
the location of the treatment beam. Id. at 20:22–34. 
Swinger discloses that its system “can easily create straight line and 
curved-line excisions, of any predetermined length and depth, at any 
location determined by a surgeon.” Id. at 20:49–51. One use of this system 
is “for performing radial keratotomies or making T-cuts or arcuate cuts, to 
correct myopia, hyperopia, or astigmatism (regular or irregular).” Id. at 
21:21–23. Swinger explains that these cuts may be made using various laser 
scanning patterns and that these cuts may completely penetrate the cornea or 
may be made within the cornea. Id. at 33:7–17. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
29 
Swinger explains that capsulorhexis surgery may also be performed 
using the disclosed system as follows. Id. at 34:30–51. First, the focus of 
the laser beam spot is localized to the anterior lens capsule “by direct 
visualization using a visual HeNe laser beam focused to the same focal point 
as the ablating laser.” Id. at 34:52–55. “Then, the surgeon displaces the 
HeNe positioning beam just posteriorly to” the lens capsule and 
“photodisruption begins.” Id. at 34:58–61. According to Swinger, “[t]he 
cutting process can be totally computerized once the reference point on the 
capsule has been fixed, or the surgeon can terminate the process when the 
capsule has been visibly cut for 360 degrees.” Id. at 34:64–67. 
4. 
Analysis – Claim 1 
When combined, Petitioner contends Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert 
teach or suggest every limitation of claim 1. In particular, Petitioner asserts 
that: (1) Kurtz discloses making openings in the cornea of a patient’s eye 
and Swinger teaches that systems similar to Kurtz’s can be used for steps of 
cataract surgery (limitation 1P) (id. at 48–49 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 7, 22; 
Ex. 1021, 8:55–67, 10:10–15)); (2) Kurtz and Swinger disclose generating a 
treatment light beam using a treatment light source (limitation 1.1) (id. at 49 
(citing Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 19–20; Ex. 1021, 17:1–30, Fig. 6)); (3) Kurtz and 
Swinger disclose making incisions in the cornea of the eye that allow access 
to regions of the eye below the cornea, and that it would have been obvious 
to use partially penetrating incisions based on the disclosures of Kurtz 
“when the laser procedure is conducted in less-than-sterile environments” 
(limitations 1.3 and 1.5) (id. at 49–50 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 7, 8, 13–15, 19; 
Ex. 1021, 21:12–24, 33:7–22, Figs. 8B, 15W; Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 92, 315)); and 
(4) Weikert and Swinger disclose relaxation incisions to treat astigmatism 
(limitation 1.4) (id. at 50–51). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
30 
With respect to the reason to combine Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, 
Petitioner contends that Kurtz discloses a multifunctional ophthalmic-
surgery system that can be used for corneal transplants, as well as “[o]ther 
applications,” and that Swinger discloses making incisions in the cornea, 
capsule, and lens in a predictable fashion that allows for safer methods in 
cataract surgery. Pet. 47 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 22; Ex. 1021, 10:10–16 
(addressing the ability to provide a “smooth and regular opening” in eye 
tissue)). Although neither Kurtz nor Swinger expressly discloses partially 
penetrating cataract incisions, Petitioner contends that Weikert demonstrates 
that cataract and relaxation incisions have been known in the art for 
approximately 150 years, and that Kurtz does expressly explain the 
advantage of making partially penetrating incisions when the laser procedure 
is conducted in less-than-sterile environments. Id. at 48–50 (citing Ex. 1018 
¶¶ 7, 14, 19, Figs. 1A–H; Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 92, 315). 
In view of these disclosures, Petitioner contends that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have sought to use Kurtz’s system to deliver partially 
penetrating cataract and relaxation incisions in the cornea of a patient’s eye. 
Id. at 48. 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s grounds based on Kurtz, Weikert, 
and Swinger fail because (1) Kurtz is a corneal surgery system and its 
corneal transplant methods would not be used to provide the type of cataract 
incisions used in cataract surgery, and (2) a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would not have modified Kurtz to perform surgery on the lens or lens 
capsule, which is required for a cataract surgery method. PO Resp. 36–43. 
We address both arguments below. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
31 
a) 
Providing Cataract Incisions Using the System of Kurtz 
Patent Owner argues that the independent claims of the ’024 patent 
were specifically amended during prosecution to exclude non-cataract 
surgery methods, such as Kurtz’s corneal transplant methods. PO Resp. 36 
(citing Ex. 1019, 14). And, “[g]iven that Kurtz is solely directed to corneal 
transplant surgery, and does not make any incisions in the lens,” Patent 
Owner contends that “no skilled artisan would consider Kurtz to be a 
‘cataract surgery method.’” Id. at 37 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶¶ 248–249, 307; 
Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 52–57, 59–60). 
Patent Owner further argues that Kurtz’s “boilerplate statement” that 
“many more modifications are possible” fails to disclose a cataract surgery 
method, as defined by Patent Owner, “with sufficient precision and detail to 
establish that the subject matter existed in the prior art.” Id. at 37–38 
(quoting Wasica Fin. GmbH v. Cont’l Auto. Sys., 853 F.3d 1272, 1284–1285 
(Fed. Cir. 2017)). 
Patent Owner’s arguments are not persuasive because the term 
“cataract surgery method” does not require that the method be used to create 
incisions in the lens or lens capsule. Rather, a “cataract surgery method” is a 
method that is used to perform steps of cataract surgery, which can include 
cataract incisions and relaxation incisions. On this point, Petitioner 
persuasively explains why Kurtz is well-adapted to make cataract and 
relaxing incision in the cornea of a patient’s eye and why one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have sought to do so based on the combined 
disclosures of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert. See Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 160–165. 
b) 
Modification of Kurtz to Perform Cataract Surgery 
Patent Owner contends that Kurtz would not be modified for surgery 
on the lens because it is “unsuited” for this purpose. PO Resp. 38. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
32 
According to Patent Owner, Kurtz uses precise focal spots with low pulse 
energy, which are achieved by using a delivery system with a high numeric 
aperture (NA), whereas lens surgery systems use a high pulse energy and 
larger focal spot to provide incisions in the lens. Id. at 38–39. 
Again, Patent Owner’s arguments are not persuasive because we do 
not construe the term “cataract surgery method” to require that the method 
also be used to make incisions in the lens. All that is required is that the 
method is used to provide incisions in the cornea, limbus, or sclera that are 
part of cataract surgery. And, for the reasons discussed above, Petitioner 
persuasively explains why one of ordinary skill in the art would have sought 
to use the method of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert to form cataract and 
relaxation incisions as part of cataract surgery. 
Patent Owner further argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
not have used Kurtz’s laser surgery system to make cataract and relaxation 
incisions if that system was not also able to perform the other steps of 
cataract surgery, such as incisions in the lens. PO Resp. 41–42. According 
to Patent Owner, because laser surgery systems are large and expensive 
“skilled artisans would not want to be burdened with two different laser 
systems for performing different steps of a cataract surgery procedure,” 
especially when manual blades were “an effective and low-cost option” for 
forming cataract and relaxation incisions. Id. at 43. 
Petitioner argues in reply that surgeons often perform some parts of 
cataract surgery manually and some parts with a laser, depending on what 
will “get the best clinical outcome for the patient.” Pet. Reply 17–18 
(quoting Ex. 1074, 52:19–53:2). Petitioner further argues that insurance 
coverage and costs are a factor in determining whether to use manual or 
laser incisions, which would be selected by individual surgeons based on 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
33 
their budget and the systems at their disposal. Id. at 18. Finally, Petitioner 
notes that at least one of Patent Owner’s own laser systems is marketed as an 
“ideal choice” for laser cataract surgery, even though it cannot make 
incisions in the lens. Id. (citing Ex. 1066, 2). 
As discussed above, Petitioner persuasively demonstrates that the 
system of Kurtz is capable of making cataract and relaxation incisions in a 
patient’s eye, and explains why one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
sought to use Kurtz’s system to make such incisions. In addition, we find 
persuasive Petitioner’s argument that surgeons in possession of Kurtz’s laser 
surgery system would have seen a benefit to using this system to perform 
accurate and precise incisions in the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s 
eye, even if other portions of the cataract surgery had to be performed 
manually or with a different laser surgery system. See Orthopedic Equip. 
Co., v. United States, 702 F.2d 1005, 1013 (Fed. Cir. 1983) (explaining that 
the mere fact that two disclosed systems would not be combined by 
businessmen for economic reasons is not “telling on the issue of 
nonobviousness”). Finally, contrary to Patent Owner’s general assertions 
about costs, size of equipment, and procedure time, Patent Owner markets a 
commercial system for creating cataract and relaxation incisions that does 
not perform incisions in the lens.10 Ex. 1066, 2–4. As such, Patent Owner’s 
 
10 As noted by Patent Owner, Exhibit 1066 discloses a system that was not 
publicly available prior to the priority date of the ’024 patent. Nevertheless, 
this document casts doubt upon Patent Owner’s asserted concerns regarding 
apparatus size, costs, and procedure time; considerations that do not appear 
to have changed since the earliest priority date of the ’024 patent. In any 
event, our conclusion regarding the combination of Kurtz, Swinger, and 
Weikert would not change if we did not consider the disclosures of Exhibit 
1066. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
34 
counter-arguments related to costs and business considerations of individual 
surgeons are not persuasive. 
c) 
Conclusion 
For the reasons set forth above, Petitioner persuasively demonstrates 
that every limitation of independent claim 1 is taught or suggested in Kurtz, 
Swinger, and Weikert. Petitioner also provides a reasoned explanation 
supported by factual underpinnings as to why one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have combined these references to arrive at the subject matter of 
claim 1 with a reasonable expectation of success. See Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 160–165; 
Pet. 47–48. Accordingly, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the 
evidence that independent claim 1 would have been obvious over Kurtz, 
Swinger, and Weikert. 
5. 
Analysis – Claims 2, 3, 6, 17, 20–24, and 26 
Petitioner also contends that Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert disclose the 
subject matter of claims 2, 3, 6, 17, 20–24, and 26. Pet. 51–57. In support, 
Petitioner presents evidence that: Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert teach or 
suggest delivering a second treatment pattern that is anterior to the limbus 
(i.e., in the cornea) (claim 2) (id. at 51 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶ 317)); Kurtz and 
Weikert teach or suggest providing first and second treatment patterns 
simultaneously (claims 3 and 24) (id. at 52 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 8; Ex. 1019, 
13, 15–16; Ex. 1021, 34:61–64, 36:3–5)); Swinger discloses generating an 
aiming beam, deflecting this beam to form an aiming pattern, and delivering 
the aiming pattern to the target tissue to visually indicate a position of at 
least one of the treatment patterns (claim 6) (id. at 52–53 (citing Ex. 1021, 
33:58–62, 34:27–28, 34:52–35:3, 35:50–57, 36:20–31, Fig. 15Y)); Weikert 
discloses using relaxation incisions to correct surgically-induced 
astigmatism (claim 17) (id. at 53–54 (citing Ex. 1019, 1, 2, 11, 12; Ex. 1001 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
35 
¶¶ 118, 324)); Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert teach or suggest forming a 
cataract incision at a limbal angle of about 30 degrees as seen from directly 
above the eye (claim 20) (id. at 42–43, 54 (citing Ex. 1021, 32:30–34, 
32:60–63; Ex. 1018, Figs. 1A–1H; Ex. 1001 ¶ 325; Ex. 1052, 7; Ex. 1007, 
10:66–11:1 (the ’024 patent disclosing that “[s]tandard cataract incisions 
typically require about 30 degrees of limbal angle as seen from directly 
above the eye”))); Weikert discloses that a cataract incision should 
preferably “not be formed at or near a steep axis of the cornea”) (claim 21) 
(citing Ex. 1019, 14–15; Ex. 1001 ¶ 301)); Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert 
disclose each limitation of independent claim 22, including partially 
penetrating relaxation incisions (id. at 55–56 (citing Ex. 1021, 21:4–24, 
33:7–22)); Kurtz and Swinger disclose treating target tissue in the cornea, 
limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye (claim 23) (id. at 56); and Kurtz discloses 
the use of a bevel feature, which was a well-known, self-healing incision 
shape (claim 26) (id. at 57 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 16, 17, Figs. 1A–1F; Ex. 1001 
¶¶ 333–334)). 
Other than the arguments addressed above concerning independent 
claim 1, Patent Owner does not address Petitioner’s arguments or evidence 
with respect to claims 2, 3, 6, 17, 20–24, and 26. 
Upon review of Petitioner’s arguments and supporting evidence, we 
determine that Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claims 2, 3, 6, 17, 20–24, and 26 would have been obvious over Kurtz, 
Swinger, and Weikert. 
6. 
Analysis – Claim 16 
Claim 16 depends from claim 1 and further requires that the relaxation 
incision is formed from the inside of the target tissue towards the outside of 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
36 
the target tissue, “without extending to the outside of the target tissue.” 
Ex. 1007, 15:50–53. 
Petitioner contends that Swinger discloses incisions that are formed 
from the inside of the target towards the outside of the target tissue, without 
extending outside the target tissue, and Kurtz discloses delivering partial 
incisions that start at the posterior surface but do not penetrate the anterior 
surface. Pet. 53 (citing Ex. 1021, 25:32–37, 30:60–63, 32:1–12, 33:46–51, 
36:3–5; Ex. 1018, Figs. 1A, 1B, 1D, 1E, 1H). Petitioner asserts that it would 
have been obvious in view of either or both of Swinger’s and Kurtz’s 
disclosures “to apply relaxations to the posterior surface of the target tissue, 
as the same biomechanical laws apply, but it leaves the anterior surface of 
the cornea completely intact, reducing the risk of any accidental tears along 
the relaxation incision.” Id. (citing Ex. 1001 ¶ 323). 
Patent Owner contends that the incision recited in claim 16 is an 
“intrastromal” relaxation incision that starts within corneal tissue and ends 
within corneal tissue. PO Resp. 51–52. In contrast to such incisions, Patent 
Owner contends Petitioner’s proposed incision begins at the posterior 
surface of the cornea, not “from the inside of target tissue.” Id. at 52. Patent 
Owner further contends that one of skill in the art would not have considered 
a posterior-facing relaxation incision to be interchangeable with prior art 
incisions, which extend to the anterior surface of the cornea, because the 
posterior surface of the cornea is lined with endothelial cells, which are 
prone to damage. Id. at 52–53. 
In its Reply, Petitioner argues that the ’024 patent is silent on 
“intrastromal incisions,” and instead refers to incisions that are posterior 
incisions. Pet. Reply 24 n.10 (citing Ex. 1007, 13:15–20, 3:26–34). In any 
event, Petitioner contends that Swinger expressly describes “intrastromal” 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
37 
incisions for correction of astigmatism, and contends that doctors Kang and 
Hatch agree that this incision type was known in the art. Id. at 24–25 (citing 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 76; Ex. 1021, 33:15–22, Figs. 15R, 15S, 15W, 15X; Ex. 1073, 
136:23–140:13; Ex. 1074, 149:9–151:8). 
Patent Owner responds that the ’024 patent uses the term “inside” to 
refer to within the tissue and the term “outside” to refer to the tissue’s 
surface. Sur-Reply 26 (citing Ex. 1007, 3:29–32, 13:15–20). Thus, Patent 
Owner maintains its position that the incisions discussed in the Petition are 
not the “intrastromal” incisions recited in claim 16. Id. at 26–27. Patent 
Owner also argues that it is too late for Petitioner to change course and cite 
to new portions of Swinger to show that intrastromal incisions were known 
in the art. Id. at 27 (“[Petitioner] elected to map the challenged claim to 
Swinger at column 32, lines 1–12. It is too late to change course.”). 
The language of claim 16 is somewhat ambiguous, requiring that the 
relaxation incision be formed from the inside of the target tissue towards the 
outside of the target tissue, without extending to the outside of the target 
tissue. Ex. 1007, 15:50–53. It could reasonably be interpreted as including 
an incision starting anywhere inside the corneal tissue that is below the 
surface of the cornea and extends towards the outside of the cornea 
(intrastromal incisions). PO Resp. 51. Conversely, it could include an 
incision that starts below the outside of the cornea, such as at the posterior 
surface, and extends towards the outside of the eye. Pet 53; Pet. Reply 24 
n.10. We need not resolve the precise meaning of this claim phrase, 
however, because the prior art of record clearly indicates that intrastromal 
incisions (as Patent Owner understands claim 16 to require) were commonly 
used in the art and known to be used to correct astigmatism in laser surgical 
systems. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
38 
For example, Swinger, in the same general section identified in the 
Petition, discusses “making various incisions or excisions for correcting 
refractive errors such as myopia and astigmatism.” Ex. 1021, 33:7–9. 
Swinger notes that, “[i]n this discussion, only several commonly used 
patterns are described, and it is obvious that any kind of incision may be 
made, other than the examples given.” Id. at 33:9–12. Swinger then 
proceeds to describe using intrastromal incisions to correct astigmatism. Id. 
at 33:12–22. Given Swinger’s disclosures, we agree with Petitioner that it 
was understood in the art that intrastromal incisions could be used to correct 
for astigmatism and that it would have been obvious to use such “commonly 
used” incisions in the combination of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert. 
Pet. Reply 24–25. 
With respect to Patent Owner’s argument that Petitioner may not now 
change course and argue that Swinger discloses intrastromal incisions, as 
noted by Patent Owner, Petitioner did not argue in the Petition that 
intrastromal incisions to correct astigmatism were disclosed in Swinger, in 
view of its interpretation of the language of claim 16. Pet. 53. The Petition 
did assert, however, that Swinger discloses incisions that are formed from 
inside the target tissue towards the outside, and cited to the same general 
portions of Swinger that it relies upon in its Reply. See id; Pet. Reply 24–25 
(both papers citing to incision patterns in Figures 15 of Swinger). Because 
the Reply directly addresses arguments made in Patent Owner’s Response, 
and is directed to addressing arguments related to potentially ambiguous 
claim language, Petitioner’s citation to clear disclosure in Swinger that 
intrastromal incisions were known and “commonly used” in the art to correct 
astigmatism was appropriate. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
39 
In view of the foregoing, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claim 16 would have been obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, 
and Weikert. 
7. 
Analysis – Claim 25 
Claim 25 depends from claim 23 and further requires “wherein the 
incisions formed by delivering the second treatment pattern leaves at least 
200 μm of tissue thickness.” Ex. 1007, 16:46–48. 
Petitioner contends that Weikert “teaches that the corrective effect of 
relaxing incisions depends on the length, depth, and number” of relaxing 
incisions. Pet. 56 (citing Ex. 1019, 2). Thus, according to Petitioner, “the 
depth of the incision is nothing more than a result-effective variable subject 
to routine optimization,” and one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
found it obvious to leave at least 200 μm of tissue thickness when such a 
depth achieved the desired astigmatism correction. Id. at 56–57 (citing 
MPEP 2144.04; Ex. 1001 ¶ 332). 
Patent Owner contends nothing in the prior art teaches leaving a 
minimum amount of 200 μm for any incision, let alone a relaxation incision, 
and Weikert teaches that relaxation incisions during cataract surgery remove 
80% or more of the target tissue thickness, which would leave about 120 μm 
or less of tissue thickness. Id. (citing Ex. 1019, 13–14). With respect to 
Petitioner’s result-effective variable argument, Patent Owner contends this 
only applies to a variable that was recognized as result-effective, and no 
prior art recognizes a connection between remaining tissue thickness and 
ongoing structural integrity. Sur-Reply 57–58. According to Patent Owner, 
although “the relationship between relaxation incision depth and 
astigmatism correction (Ex. 1019, 2)” was known in the art, this would not 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
40 
“lead a skilled artisan to optimize incision depth to leave the claimed 
minimum 200 μm tissue thickness.” Id. at 58. 
Petitioner argues in response that it was understood in the art that 
“more tissue thickness provides more structural integrity” and that “there 
was a known direct relationship between the uncut tissue and resulting 
astigmatism correction.” Pet. Reply 26 (citing Ex. 1073, 145:15–146:24; 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 307). And, “[s]ince increasing thickness provides more 
structural support while decreasing the corrective effect,” Petitioner 
contends “the thickness of the uncut tissue is a result-effective variable,” 
which Patent Owner “does not even attempt to argue . . . provides some 
special or unpredictable result.” Id. (citing Ex. 1073, 146:15–24; Ex. 1001 
¶ 307). 
Patent Owner argues in its Sur-Reply that no prior art reference 
“discloses a nexus between remaining tissue thickness and incision stability 
or even suggests reducing incision depth to less than 80% of the corneal 
thickness.” Sur-Reply 28–29. Indeed, Patent Owner contends Dr. Hatch 
couldn’t think of a scenario where ophthalmologists would form such an 
incision. Id. at 29 (citing Ex. 1074, 148:4–22). 
The evidence of record demonstrates that it was understood in the art 
that corneal incision depth can affect structural integrity, with deeper 
incisions leading to a potentially larger decrease in structural integrity. See 
Ex. 1073, 145:20–146:19; Ex. 2033, 2. It was also understood that deeper 
corneal relaxation incisions lead to a larger correction in astigmatism. 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 307; Ex. 1019, 218; Ex. 2062 ¶ 343; Ex. 2063 ¶ 43. Thus, 
corneal incision depth was understood to be a result-effective variable. See 
In re Applied Materials, 692 F.3d 1289, 1297 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (“A 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
41 
recognition in the prior art that a property is affected by the variable is 
sufficient to find the variable result-effective.”). 
The range of corneal incisions disclosed in the art submitted by the 
parties is from 80 to 90% of corneal thickness to 50% of corneal thickness. 
Ex. 2063 ¶ 43 (citing Ex. 2033, 2 (noting the use of incisions between 90% 
and 50% of corneal thickness, and explaining that incisions greater than 90% 
risk corneal perforation and incisions of less than 50% “have little effect on 
the corneal curvature and power”); Ex. 1001 ¶ 124 (Dr. Lubatschowski 
noting disclosures of relaxing incisions with a depth between 50% and 80% 
of corneal thickness), ¶ 307). Dr. Lubatschowski testifies that the average 
thickness of the cornea is approximately 500 μm. Ex. 1001 ¶ 307. Thus, a 
50% cut in the cornea would leave 250 μm of tissue thickness, i.e., “at least 
200 μm of tissue thickness,” as recited in claim 25. Id. Accordingly, the 
range of tissue thickness cited in claim 25 is disclosed in, or overlaps with, 
the prior art. See Applied Materials, 692 F.3d at 1295. 
Given that corneal incision depth is a result-effective variable and that 
the general conditions of the claim are disclosed in the art, we agree with 
Petitioner that the claimed thickness range is prima facie obvious. See E.I. 
DuPont de Nemours & Co. v. Synvina C.V., 904 F.3d 996, 1006 (Fed. Cir. 
2018). A patent owner may rebut the presumption of obviousness for a 
result-effective variable by, inter alia, showing that the claimed range 
provides unexpected results. Id. Here, there is no evidence that leaving 
more than 200 μm of tissue leads to any unexpected result in either 
astigmatic correction or structural integrity of the cornea. As such, 
Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 25 
would have been obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
42 
8. 
Conclusion with Respect to the 
Combination of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert 
For the reasons set forth above, Petitioner demonstrates by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–3, 6, 16, 17, and 20–26 would 
have been obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert. 
F. 
Claims 4–5 and 7–15 over Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt 
Petitioner contends the subject matter of claims 4–5 and 7–15 would 
have been obvious over the combined disclosures of Kurtz, Swinger, 
Weikert, and Benedikt. Pet. 57–65. 
1. 
Benedikt 
Benedikt discloses an apparatus for detecting the surface topography 
of a cornea of an eye. Ex. 1020, code (57). The apparatus of Benedikt 
includes a Placido Topometer and a CCD array. Id. ¶ 29. In use, light in a 
known pattern is projected on a cornea and the reflected light is captured as 
an image by the CCD array. Id. ¶ 31. This “allows measurement [of] the 
surface of the cornea 24 within a few milliseconds by recording usually 
more than 8,000 measuring points.” Id. ¶ 32. Because the recorded 
information “does not supply any information from deeper section of the 
eye,” however, Benedikt discloses combining the Topometer with either a 
wave front analyzer or optical coherence tomography. Id. ¶¶ 15, 32. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
43 
 
Figure 3 of Benedikt is reproduced below: 
 
Figure 3 is a schematic representation “of an apparatus with a Placido 
Topometer and optical coherence tomography (OCT), with the optical 
coherence tomography being set up for acquiring tomographs from the 
anterior section of the eye.” Id. ¶ 25. In Figure 3, apparatus 10’ consists of 
“a Placido Topometer with a Placido cone 12, a cone lamp 16 and a CCD 
array 14, as well as an optical coherence tomography.” Id. ¶ 41. Aperture 
40’ is provided on Placido cone 12, “through which the laser beam from the 
coherence tomography can be guided.” Id. The OCT device detects 
individual boundary surfaces of the eye, including the anterior and posterior 
surface of the cornea, anterior and posterior surface of the lens, and fundus 
of the eye. Id. ¶ 43. 
 
In the disclosed design, “the measurements with the Placido 
Topometer and the coherence tomography can be performed either 
simultaneously or sequentially.” Id. ¶ 46. According to Benedikt, “the 
combination of Placido Topometery and coherence tomography leads to a 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
44 
qualitatively novel and previously unachievable quantitative description of 
the eye in respect of diagnostics and therapeutics.” Id. ¶¶ 39, 46. 
 
With respect to the use of a dual imaging system, Benedikt explains 
that a data record provided by the imaging system may be used “to introduce 
the individually optimal ablation pattern for the front surface of the cornea 
with photo-ablative lasers,” thereby automating the ablation of tissue and 
detaching “the ablation process from the surgeon’s manual dexterity.” Id. 
¶ 39. 
2. 
Analysis – Claims 4, 5, 8–10, and 12–14 
a) 
Claim 4 
Claim 4 depends from independent claim 1 and further recites a 
profilometer for measuring the surface profile of a patient’s cornea and a 
controller that “controls the formation of the second treatment pattern by the 
scanner in response to the measured surface profile.” Ex. 1007, 14:30–33. 
Petitioner contends that Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert “collectively 
teach a surgery scanning system for treating target tissue, including 
cataracts, in a patient’s eye,” but “do not expressly disclose a system with 
multiple detecting, imaging, and profiling subsystems.” Pet. 57. Petitioner 
asserts, however, that Benedikt recognizes that “an accurate understanding 
of the target anatomy is essential to ophthalmic surgery systems,” and 
provides this accurate illustration of the cornea and other structures of the 
eye by combining a topometer and OCT device. Id. at 58–59. Given the 
accurate and detailed information provided by the imaging system of 
Benedikt, Petitioner contends that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
sought to integrate Benedikt’s imaging assembly into a laser treatment 
system, such as Kurtz and Swinger, “in order to plan and effect laser surgery 
with improved accuracy.” Id. at 59 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 169–170). 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
45 
When Benedikt’s topometer/OCT imaging device is used in 
combination with Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, Petitioner persuasively 
identifies where every limitation of claim 4 is taught or suggested in the 
prior art. Id. at 59–60. 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s combination arguments fail 
because (1) Benedikt’s dual topometer/OCT imaging system is not more 
accurate than Swinger’s direct visualization method; and (2) one of ordinary 
skill in the art would not have sought to use Benedikt’s imaging system with 
prior art laser systems due to technical and design issues. PO Resp. 43–50. 
We address these arguments in turn. 
(1) 
Accuracy of Benedikt’s Imaging System 
Patent Owner argues that Swinger uses a HeNe beam to accurately 
create treatment patterns and that Petitioner “offers no evidence that 
Benedikt’s diagnostic imaging system would improve Swinger’s accuracy or 
precision.” PO Resp. 46 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶¶ 269, 321). Petitioner further 
argues that the fact that Benedikt provides a “previously unattainable” 
illustration of the cornea would not have motivated a skilled artisan to use 
such a system, as the claimed “cataract surgery scanning system” “must be 
able to perform surgery on the lens.” Id. at 47 (asserting that Benedikt’s 
imaging system is unable to provide topography of tissues below the 
cornea). 
Benedikt describes its combined topometer/OCT imaging device as 
providing a “previously unattainable comprehensive 
topometerical/topographical illustration of the cornea.” Pet. 58; 
PO Resp. 46. As Kurtz uses its laser source to make incisions in the cornea, 
we find persuasive Petitioner’s argument that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have found it beneficial to implement Benedikt’s imaging device to 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
46 
aid the formation of cataract and relaxing incisions in the system of Kurtz, 
Swinger, and Weikert. 
Patent Owner’s counter-arguments are not persuasive because 
Swinger’s method of direct visualization using a HeNe laser, although 
acceptable for surgery on the lens, does not provide the same level of 
topographical or topometrical data regarding the cornea as Benedikt, and 
does not provide a data record that can be used to automate laser surgery. 
Pet. Reply 22 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 29–31; Ex. 1020 ¶ 39). In addition, 
contrary to Patent Owner’s arguments, we have found that the term “cataract 
surgery method” does not require that the method also be used to treat the 
lens. 
(2) 
Use of Benedikt’s Imaging System in Kurtz and Swinger 
Patent Owner contends that Kurtz and Swinger both use an eye 
fixation device that is incompatible with Benedikt’s diagnostic imaging 
system. PO Resp. 47. Patent Owner further contends that implementing a 
dual topometer/OCT device as part of a cataract surgery “has never been 
done” and “would have presented the difficult task of modifying optics to 
account for the different types of imaging beams.” Id. at 49 (citing Ex. 2062 
¶¶ 231, 233, 325). 
Petitioner argues in response that neither Kurtz nor Swinger requires 
eye fixation, and also that prior-art laser surgical systems with integrated 
imaging were known. Thus, according to Petitioner, a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have known how to adjust the delivery system’s optics 
and reprogram the controller, “including a calibration and registration 
between the treatment beam and imaging beams.” Pet. Reply 23. In support 
of this position, Petitioner asserts that the ’024 patent “offers no details” on 
how to program a controller, calibrate or register beams, or address 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
47 
chromatic aberrations, strongly suggesting that these steps were within the 
skill of an ordinarily skilled artisan. Id. at 23–24. 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner argues that Kurtz’s and Swinger’s eye 
fixation devices are incompatible with a topometer and that OCT would 
provide information regarding “both the corneal surface profile” and 
subsurface structures, without the need for a topometer. Sur-Reply 23. And, 
given the “paltry benefits” of using Benedikt’s imaging system over 
Swinger’s HeNe aiming beam, Patent Owner contends that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would not have sought to overcome the considerable design 
challenges in aligning the imaging and treatment beams. Id. at 25. 
For surgery on the cornea, whether used for diagnosis or therapy, 
Benedikt explains that a topographic scanner is particularly useful, as is a 
second scanner for detecting optical properties of layers of the eye disposed 
below the cornea. Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 3–8, 19, 32, 39. Consistent with this 
disclosure, and with Petitioner’s arguments in general, Dr. Hatch testifies 
that even when OCT data is available, she finds topometer data very useful. 
Ex. 1074, 246:6–248:16 (Dr. Hatch explaining that despite having OCT 
images, there is “a huge benefit to topography”). As such, we find 
persuasive Petitioner’s argument that one of ordinary skill in the art seeking 
to form a cataract incision and relaxing incisions in the cornea would have 
sought to implement a topometer, as disclosed in Benedikt. 
As noted by Patent Owner, use of Benedikt’s topometer would require 
modification or removal of Kurtz’s eye fixation device. Petitioner 
persuasively demonstrates, however, that neither Kurtz nor Swinger require 
an eye fixation device. Pet. Reply 27 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 21; Ex. 1021, 
23:35–56). Moreover, the ’024 patent merely states that “contact lens 66 or 
its disposition relative to cornea 406 of eye 68 may have to be modified, or 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
48 
compensated for, to suit the profilometer’s mode of operation,” without 
providing any particular guidance on how to do so. Ex. 1004, 11:35–38. 
This suggests that the necessary modifications were not particularly difficult 
and were within the skill of a person of ordinary skill in the art. 
Moreover, although integrating and co-registering Benedikt’s imaging 
system with a treatment laser would present technical design challenges, the 
evidence of record suggests that such modifications were within the ordinary 
skill in the art. Pet. Reply 27; Ex. 1072, 76:21:77–3 (Dr. Kang testifying 
that in 2005 a person of ordinary skill in the art knew how to develop a 
system which could co-register the OCT and the laser beam). In any event, 
even if significant design challenges existed in implementing a dual 
topometer/OCT imaging system in Kurtz, given the advantages of 
Benedikt’s imaging system for incisions in the cornea, we find that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would not have foregone or avoided the use of 
Benedikt’s imaging system in light of such challenges. 
For the reasons set forth above, we find that Petitioner persuasively 
demonstrates that Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt teach or suggest 
every limitation of dependent claim 4. Petitioner also provides a sufficient 
explanation as to how and why one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
implemented Benedikt’s dual imaging system in Kurtz, Swinger, and 
Weikert. Accordingly, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claim 4 would have been obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, 
Weikert, and Benedikt. 
b) 
Analysis – Claims 5, 8–10, and 12–14 
Petitioner presents evidence and argument identifying where Kurtz, 
Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt teach or suggest every limitation of claims 
5, 8–10, and 12–14. Pet. 60–65. In particular, Petitioner presents evidence 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
49 
that: (1) Benedikt discloses measuring scattering properties from different 
locations in a patient’s eye and that the optical properties of the eye may be 
used to automate surgery on the cornea of a patient’s eye (claim 5) (id. at 
60–61 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 8, 10, 14, 16, 19, 39 42, 44, Figs. 3, 4)); Benedikt 
teaches or suggests delivering treatment patterns to at least one target tissue 
based upon a measured surface profile (independent claim 8) (id. at 62–63 
(citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 39; Ex. 1001 ¶ 345)); Kurtz discloses providing first and 
second treatment patterns simultaneously and Weikert further discloses 
delivering cataract and relaxation incisions together (claims 9 and 13) (id. at 
Ex. 1018 ¶ 8; Ex. 1019, 13, 15, 16; Ex. 1001 ¶ 346)); Swinger teaches 
generating an aiming beam, deflecting this beam to form an aiming pattern, 
and delivering the aiming pattern to the target tissue to visually indicate a 
position of one of the first or second treatment patterns (claims 10 and 14) 
(id. at Ex. 1021, 33:58–62, 34:27–28, 34:52–35:3, 35:50–57, 36:20–31, Fig. 
15Y)); and Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt disclose every limitation 
of independent claim 12, including measuring scattering properties from 
different locations of a patient’s eye and positioning a treatment pattern 
based on these measured properties (id. at 64–65 (citing analysis for 
dependent claim 5)). 
Patent Owner does not directly address Petitioner’s arguments with 
respect to claims 5, 8–10, and 12–14, beyond the arguments discussed above 
with respect to dependent claim 4. 
Upon review of the parties’ arguments and supporting evidence as a 
whole, we determine that Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 5, 8–10, and 12–14 would have been obvious over 
Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
50 
3. 
Analysis – Claims 7, 11, and 15 
Claims 7, 11, and 15 depend from independent claims 1, 8, and 12, 
respectively, and further require capturing an image of target tissue, 
displaying the image of target tissue, and modifying a composition and 
location of at least one of the first and second treatment patterns in response 
to a user input device. Ex. 1007, 14:44–48, 15:11–15, 15:45–19. 
Petitioner contends that Benedikt discloses capturing an image of 
target tissue, displaying the captured image, and modifying a composition 
and location of at least one of the treatment patterns in response to input 
received from a user input device. Pet. 61 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 4, 31, 32, 
Figs. 3, 4). Petitioner further contends that Kurtz discloses the use of a 
“programmable computer” with an interface to “present[] the surgeon with 
several incision patterns from which the desired resection pattern is 
selected.” Id. at 62 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 19). Given these disclosures, 
Petitioner contends one of ordinary skill in the art would have found it 
obvious to use Kurtz’s “programmable computer” to capture an image of 
target tissue, display the captured image, and allow the surgeon to modify 
the composition and location of at least one treatment pattern. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 340–341). 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s arguments with respect to claims 
7, 11, and 15 are insufficient because Petitioner’s evidence “suggests 
modifying the shape of Kurtz’s treatment pattern, not its location.” 
PO Resp. 62 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶¶ 291, 347) (Dr. Kang testifying that for all 
incision patterns presented in Kurtz, “the location of the incision pattern is 
the same, and the only thing that changes is the desired shape and gap 
placement”). 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
51 
In response, Petitioner asserts that selection of a treatment pattern 
“necessarily selects and modifies the treatment pattern location,” and in any 
event Kurtz’s controller already “precisely controls the location of the beam 
focal point . . . according to parameters received from the surgeon interface 
41.” Pet. Reply 28 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 19, 22, Figs. 1A–1H). 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner contends Petitioner is incorrect that 
selecting a treatment pattern necessarily selects and modifies the treatment 
pattern location, as “[a]ll of Kurtz’s incisions target a 360-degree incision in 
the central cornea.” Sur-Reply 28–29 (citing Ex. 2063 ¶ 60; Ex. 1073, 
207:19–210:23). 
Upon review of the parties’ arguments and supporting evidence, we 
find that Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt teach or suggest every 
limitation of claims 7, 11, and 15, including capturing an image of target 
tissue, displaying that image to a user, and allowing a surgeon to modify at 
least one of the treatment patterns. We also credit the testimony of 
Dr. Lubatschowski that interface 41 of Kurtz would be used by a surgeon to 
alter both the shape and location of the claimed cataract and relaxation 
incisions, using the imaging provided by the system of Benedikt. Ex. 1001 
¶¶ 340–341. 
We also agree with Petitioner that changing the shape of a particular 
treatment pattern would also change the location of the treatment pattern, 
and although the differences in shape and location may be minor between 
selected incision shapes when used for the corneal incisions expressly 
disclosed in Kurtz (as asserted by Dr. Kang), the claims do not require any 
particular amount of change in the location of the treatment pattern. 
Pet. Reply 28 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 22, Figs 1A–1H). 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
52 
In view of the foregoing, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 7, 11, and 15 would have been obvious over 
Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt. 
G. 
Claims 1–17 and 20–26 over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert; and 
Claim 16 over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, and Swinger 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–17 and 20–26 would have been 
obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert, and that claim 16 would 
also have been obvious in view of Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, and 
Swinger. Pet. 28–47. 
1. 
Blumenkranz 
Blumenkranz is directed to a system and method for making incisions 
in eye tissue at different depths. Ex. 1017, code (57). The primary disclosed 
use of the system of Blumenkranz is for cataract surgery, with the disclosed 
system providing “rapid and precise openings in the lens capsule and 
fragmentation of the lens nucleus and cortex . . . using 3-dimensional 
patterned laser cutting.” Id. ¶¶ 3–11, 57, 69. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
53 
Figure 11 of Blumenkranz is reproduced below: 
 
Figure 11 is a plan diagram of one embodiment of Blumenkranz wherein the 
system projects or scans an optical beam into a patient’s eye. Id. ¶ 34. 
Figure 11 shows laser source LS and aiming beam source AIM having 
outputs that are combined using mirror DM1. Id. ¶ 75. In this 
configuration, laser source LS may be used for both therapeutics and 
diagnostics. Id. Mirror M1 serves to provide both reference input R and 
sample input S to an OCT Interferometer, which provides images to 
graphical user interface GUI. Id. ¶¶ 75, 77. For proper alignment of the 
treatment beam pattern, an alignment beam may be projected onto the target 
tissue with visible light. Id. ¶ 73. “This allows the surgeon to adjust the 
size, location, and shape of the treatment pattern.” Id. Cutting of ocular 
tissue is determined by scanning patterns that can be circular and spiral, with 
a vertical step similar to the length of the rupture zone. Id. ¶ 68. 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
54 
Blumenkranz explains that although the primary discussion is of using 
the described system for capsulotomy and fragmenting the lens of the eye, 
the techniques described in the patent application “may be used to perform 
new ophthalmic procedures or improve existing procedures, including 
anterior and posterior capsulotomy, lens fragmentation and softening, 
dissection of tissue in the posterior pole (floaters, membranes, retina), as 
well as incisions in other areas of the eye such as, but not limited to, the 
sclera and iris.” Id. ¶ 71. 
2. 
Analysis – Claim 1 
Petitioner contends that Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert disclose 
every limitation of independent claim 1. In particular, Petitioner contends 
that Blumenkranz discloses a scanning system for cataract surgery that can 
“treat target tissue in one or more of the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a 
patient’s eye.” Pet. 30 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 8, 11, 21, 45, 71, 74). Petitioner 
further contends that the system of Blumenkranz has a treatment light source 
for generating a treatment light beam, as well as a scanner for deflecting the 
light beam to form treatment patterns under the control of a controller, with 
the scanner programmed to deliver multiple treatment patterns to target 
tissue, including the sclera of the patient’s eye, to form incisions. Id. at 30–
31, 37 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 45, 50, 57, 73, Figs. 11–12). Petitioner concedes 
that Blumenkranz does not disclose delivering either a cataract incision that 
only partially penetrates the target tissue or a relaxation incision, but 
contends that such incisions are taught in Kurtz (partially penetrating 
incisions in the cornea) and Weikert (cataract and relaxation incisions). Id. 
at 31–34. 
With respect to the reason to combine the various disclosures of 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert, Petitioner argues that one of ordinary 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
55 
skill in the art would have sought to use partially penetrating cataract 
incisions in Blumenkranz in view of Kurtz’s disclosure that such incisions 
protect the eye from environmental contaminants and infection when made 
in less-than-sterile environments. Id. at 28, 32–33 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 14). 
Petitioner further argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
sought to use the system of Blumenkranz to form the relaxation incisions of 
Weikert because such incisions were well known in the art and using a laser 
to perform steps that were previously handled manually would have been 
obvious. Id. at 28–29 (citing Leapfrog Enters., Inc. v. Fisher-Price, Inc., 
485 F.3d 1157, 1161 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“Accommodating a prior art 
mechanical device that accomplishes [a desired] goal to modern electronics 
would have been reasonably obvious to one of ordinary skill.”)). 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s arguments are unpersuasive 
because: (1) Blumenkranz does not teach or suggest the claimed incisions, 
and (2) one of ordinary skill in the art would not have modified 
Blumenkranz’s laser system to make the cataract incisions disclosed in 
Kurtz and Weikert for multiple reasons. PO Resp. 20–34. We address 
Patent Owner’s arguments below. 
a) 
Whether Blumenkranz Teaches or Suggests a Cataract Laser 
Designed to Cut the Claimed Tissue Types 
Patent Owner contends that, in its grounds based on Blumenkranz, 
Petitioner relies upon incisions in corneal tissue, yet Blumenkranz does not 
teach or suggest cutting corneal tissue, focusing instead on creating incisions 
“only in ocular structures well behind the cornea.” PO Resp. 20–21 (citing 
Pet. 31–32; Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 105–106, 108; Ex. 2062 ¶¶ 137–142). Patent 
Owner concedes that Blumenkranz mentions creating incisions in different 
tissue types, such as the sclera and iris, but contends that every structure 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
56 
explicitly mentioned in the reference is located “well beneath the cornea,” 
which suggests that Blumenkranz does not contemplate creating incisions in 
corneal tissue. Id. at 21–24. 
Petitioner argues in response that “the claims do not require corneal 
incisions, but [rather] incisions in ‘sclera’ tissue and ‘along or near limbus 
tissue.’” Pet. Reply 6–7 (citing Ex. 1007, 14:7–24 (claim 1)). And, because 
“Blumenkranz expressly teaches treating the sclera and iris,” Petitioner 
contends that “every claimed region is within the limits of Blumenkranz’s 
system.” Id. (citing Ex. 1017 ¶ 71; Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 14–15; Ex. 1074, 108:7–23, 
104:4–15; Ex. 1070 ¶¶ 21–24). 
To the extent the claims require incisions in the cornea, Petitioner 
contends one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that, because 
Blumenkranz’s laser could treat the sclera and iris, it could also treat corneal 
tissue as well. Pet. Reply 7–8 (citing Ex. 1070 ¶¶ 21–24; Ex. 1069 ¶¶ 9–13). 
Petitioner reasons that the only corneal relaxation incisions discussed in the 
’024 patent are at the periphery of the cornea (due to the desire to place these 
incisions close to the limbus/corneal/sclera junction) and, consequently, “the 
depths of the claimed corneal incisions are essentially identical to the depths 
of the sclera/iris.” Id. at 7–8. Thus, according to Petitioner, “Blumenkranz’s 
ability to cut sclera and iris tissue indicates it could also cut at the depths a 
[person of ordinary skill in the art] would have used for the claimed corneal 
incisions.” Id. at 9. 
Patent Owner argues in its Sur-Reply that the Petition consistently 
asserted that the cataract incision and relaxation incisions would have been 
made in the cornea of a patient’s eye and, now in Reply, Petitioner has 
impermissibly shifted course to assert that the identified incisions could be 
made in limbal or scleral tissue. Sur-Reply 5–6 (citing Pet. 31–33). Patent 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
57 
Owner further argues that relaxation incisions are typically formed in the 
“peripheral to mid peripheral cornea,” and by 2008 “sclera [cataract] 
incisions were not used at all.” Id. at 6 (citing Ex. 2065, 82:12–17, 223:14–
225:11, 225:12–18; Ex. 1019, 14). 
The evidence of record demonstrates that cataract incisions and 
relaxation incisions were well-known in the art. Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 23–24; 
Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 30, 33; Ex. 1019, 227; Ex. 1007, 12:24–26. For example, 
Weikert expressly discloses that corneal incisions are made during cataract 
surgery and that these incisions can “induce astigmatism by flattening the 
meridian on which the incision is centered.” Ex. 1019, 227. To treat this 
induced astigmatism, Weikert expressly discloses using relaxing incisions. 
Id. at 228. 
The evidence of record also demonstrates that it was understood in the 
art that cataract incisions and relaxing incisions were known to be made in 
any of the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye. Ex. 1001 ¶ 22 
(Dr. Lubatschowski testifying that cataract incisions may be made in the 
cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye); Ex. 2004 ¶ 18 (Dr. Hatch 
testifying that “[d]uring cataract surgery, the surgeon makes a cataract 
incision in the overlying cornea, limbus, or sclera” of a patient’s eye); 
Ex. 2063 ¶ 33 (Dr. Hatch noting that cataract incision in the sclera were 
known, but are a “less common” form of incision); Ex. 1007, 12:24–26 (the 
’024 patent expressly disclosing that “as is known in the art,” “relaxing 
incisions may be made in the limbus 408, or sclera 410”); see Koninklijke 
Philips N.V. v. Google LLC, 948 F.3d 1330, 1339 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (noting 
that it is appropriate to consider admissions in a patent’s specification “when 
assessing whether patent’s claims would have been obvious”). 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
58 
Finally, we find that Petitioner sufficiently argued in its briefing that 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have used Blumenkranz’s system to 
make cataract incisions in any of the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s 
eye, as opposed to limiting its arguments to incision in the cornea. For 
example, the Petition expressly states that Blumenkranz discloses a delivery 
system that could be used to deliver a cataract incision in the sclera of a 
patient’s eye. Pet. 31 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 68–71, 274). Dr. Lubatschowski 
also testifies in support of the Petition that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art “would have used Blumenkranz’s system to deliver a first treatment 
pattern to the cornea, limbus, or sclera to form a cataract incision.” Ex. 1001 
¶ 274. 
With respect to relaxing incisions, Dr. Lubatschowski testifies that the 
relaxation incision could be made “along or near limbus tissue” or in “other 
target tissue,” as opposed to “along corneal tissue.” Ex. 1001 ¶ 275; Pet. 33. 
The sclera is a tissue type that is not corneal tissue and is “near limbus 
tissue.” See, e.g., Ex. 2062 ¶ 21 (Dr. Kang describing the tissues of the eye 
and their relative locations); Ex. 2063 ¶ 14 (Dr. Hatch describing the basic 
anatomy of the eye). Moreover, the ’024 patent concedes that it was known 
in the art that relaxing incisions could be made in any of the cornea, limbus, 
or sclera of a patient’s eye. Ex. 1007, 12:24–26. 
As noted by Patent Owner, after discussing the various disclosures of 
Blumenkranz and Swinger, the Petition asserts that “[b]ased on these 
teachings, it would have been obvious [for a person of ordinary skill in the 
art] to use Blumenkranz’s system to create a corneal incision that provides 
access for lens removal instrumentation.” Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶ 274); 
Sur-Reply 5. According to Patent Owner, this assertion led them to address 
only the question of whether Blumenkranz could be used for corneal 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
59 
incisions, and not whether the system would have been used to form cataract 
incisions in the limbus or sclera. Tr. 113:20–115:6. 
We agree that the Petition could have been clearer on this point. 
However, at the beginning of the section cited by Patent Owner, Petitioner 
expressly asserts that Blumenkranz could be used to target the sclera of a 
patient’s eye to form a cataract incision. Pet. 31. Consistent with this 
disclosure, and in the section identified by Patent Owner, Petitioner cites 
repeatedly to Dr. Lubatschowski’s testimony that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art would have used Blumenkranz’s system to deliver a cataract 
incision in any of the cornea, limbus, or sclera. Ex. 1001 ¶ 274. These 
arguments in the Petition reasonably put Patent Owner on notice that 
Petitioner was relying on the ability of Blumenkranz’s system to perform 
cataract incisions in any of the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye. 
See Ex. 1001 ¶ 107 (Dr. Lubatschowski testifying that “another well-known 
aspect of cataract surgery involved incision in the cornea, sclera, or limbus 
to provide a surgeon access to the inner eye chamber”). 
As the sclera is a claimed tissue type for both types of incisions, and it 
is undisputed that Blumenkranz is capable of forming incisions in the sclera, 
we focus on this tissue type for the Blumenkranz-based grounds set forth in 
the Petition. 
b) 
Whether a Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Would have Modified Blumenkranz’s Laser System 
Patent Owner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would not 
have modified Blumenkranz to perform incision in the cornea because 
Blumenkranz’s laser would have been unacceptable for such incisions. 
Patent Owner reasons that “Blumenkranz uses low focusing precision and 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
60 
high laser energy, while corneal incisions require high focusing precision 
and low laser energy.” PO Resp. 25 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶¶ 90–95, 149–183). 
This argument is not persuasive in this case because Petitioner is not 
relying only on incisions in the cornea. Rather, for the reasons set forth 
above, Petitioner contends cataract incisions and relaxation incisions could 
have and would have be made in any of the claimed tissue types, i.e., the 
cornea, limbus, and sclera. 
c) 
Forming Weikert’s Manual Incisions with Blumenkranz’s Laser 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s proffered motivation for 
forming Weikert’s manual cataract incisions using Blumenkranz’s laser is 
that laser systems are “more accurate and precise.” PO Resp. 33 (citing 
Pet. 28–29). Patent Owner asserts that this argument fell apart during cross-
examination, with Dr. Lubatschowski unable to identify “the advantages and 
disadvantages, from a clinical perspective, of using a blade versus a laser for 
a surface cut,” testifying that the benefits of using lasers compared to manual 
blade methods “depends on the situation,” and as a “non-ophthalmologist,” 
he did not want to “make any judgement calls.” Id. at 32–33 (quoting 
Ex. 2041, 107:8–22, 108:3–7, 109:9–15). 
Patent Owner also contends Weikert’s manual incision methods 
provide “predicable and reproducible incision profiles,” and are “effective,” 
“low-cost, and low-risk.” Id. at 33. And, given the lack of evidence that 
laser incisions would be more accurate or more precise than manual 
methods, Patent Owner contends “[a] skilled artisan would have had no 
motivation to undertake the expensive task of redesigning Blumenkranz’s 
laser delivery optics.” Id. at 34. 
Petitioner argues in its Reply that there was a consistent, 
acknowledged progression in the art from manual to more precise laser 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
61 
methods, and there was “general excitement and optimism over how manual 
procedures could be improved by replacing them with lasers.” Pet. Reply 
15. And, because lasers were known to perform some aspects of cataract 
surgery, Petitioner contends a person of ordinary skill in the art “would have 
been motivated to improve all aspects of cataract surgery, including 
Weikert’s relaxing incisions.” Id. at 13–14. 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner argues that the idea that skilled 
artisans would have used lasers for “all aspects” of cataract surgery is 
“[n]onsense,” as “[e]ven today, ophthalmologists perform the claimed 
incisions manually, even while performing other aspects of cataract surgery 
with a laser.” Sur-Reply 17–18 (citing Ex. 2065, 85:3–8; Ex. 1074, 50:17–
55:4). And, given the “effective,” “low-cost,” “reproducible,” and “low-
risk” manual blade methods discussed in Weikert, Patent Owner contends 
there was simply no need or desire to implement laser based surgical 
systems for these incisions. Id. at 18. 
On this record, we find that there was a consistent progression in the 
art towards performing all aspects of eye surgery using lasers. For example, 
Weikert discloses that “the advent of excimer laser surgery has led to a 
tremendous decrease” in manual corneal incisions to correct refractive error. 
Ex. 1019, 217. Indeed, “[a]s technological advances continue” in various 
laser surgery techniques, including “crystalline lens removal,” Weikert asks: 
“Is there a future role for refractive keratotomy in modern refractive 
surgery?” Id. 
We further find that the consistent push to perform various incisions 
in the eye using a laser was based on the view that such incisions are more 
precise and accurate than manual incisions performed by a surgeon. 
Consistent with this conclusion, Blumenkranz discloses a laser surgery 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
62 
system that allows “rapid and precise openings in the lens capsule and 
fragmentation of the lens nucleus and cortex” using “3-dimensional 
patterned laser cutting.” Ex. 1017 ¶ 9. Similarly, Swinger discloses a 
femtosecond laser system that can perform corneal and lens procedures, and 
states that prior art mechanical and manual incisions in the cornea were 
unable to “precisely and reproducibly cut living corneal tissue with a 
minimum of trauma to the cornea.” Ex. 1021, 6:59–64, 8:55–57, 34:30–67, 
Fig. 15A1 (comparing the smooth contoured incision of the invention to the 
irregular opening created using manual techniques). In contrast to those 
manual techniques, Swinger discloses that its laser surgery system allows for 
“accurate control of tissue removal.” Id. at 9:1–6. 
Consistent with the disclosures of the prior art, Dr. Lubatschowski 
testifies that laser-surgical incisions are “accurate and precise.” Ex. 1001 
¶¶ 91, 130, 177. Likewise, Dr. Hatch and Dr. Kang testify that femtosecond 
laser surgery allows for incisions to be performed in an accurate and 
“precise way.” Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 27, 60 (noting that Kurtz’s laser creates “a 
precise incision in the cornea”); Ex. 2062 ¶ 33 (Dr. Kang testifying that 
nanosecond laser pulses can provide “accurate, nonthermal ablation”). 
Thus, we find persuasive Petitioner’s argument that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have sought to use Blumenkranz’s laser system to create 
cataract and relaxation incisions with improved accuracy and precision. 
Often, cataract incisions and relaxation incisions are made in the 
cornea of the eye. Dr. Lubatschowski testifies, however, that it was 
understood in the art that access to the anterior chamber can be 
accomplished through incisions in any of the cornea, limbus, or sclera of the 
eye. Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 22, 117, 200. Likewise, Dr. Hatch testifies that cataract 
incisions in the sclera were known in the art. Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 30, 33 (noting that 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
63 
cataract incisions in the sclera were known, but “less common”). As such, 
we find that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that 
Blumenkranz’s system was capable of making the corneal and relaxation 
incisions generally discussed in Weikert in the sclera of a patient’s eye, and 
would have sought to do so as this is a known tissue type in which to place 
cataract and relaxing incisions. See Ex. 1007, 12:24–26 (“Likewise, as is 
known in the art, such relaxing incisions may be made in the limbus 408, or 
sclera 410.”). 
d) 
Conclusion—Independent Claim 1 
In view of the foregoing, and upon review of the parties’ arguments 
and evidence as a whole, we find that Blumenkranz, Weikert, and Kurtz, 
when considered in light of the knowledge of one of ordinary skill in the art, 
teach or suggest every limitation of claim 1 of the ’024 patent. Petitioner 
also explains sufficiently why one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
sought to combine the disclosures of these references to arrive at the subject 
matter of claim 1 with a reasonable expectation of success. Thus, Petitioner 
demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that the subject matter of 
claim 1 would have been obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert. 
3. 
Analysis – Claims 3–6, 8–10, 12–14, 17, 20–24, and 26 
Petitioner identifies where Blumenkranz, Weikert, and Kurtz teach or 
suggest the subject matter of claims 3–6, 8–10, 12–14, 17, 20–24, and 26. In 
particular, Petitioner demonstrates that: Blumenkranz discloses delivering 
multiple treatment patterns simultaneously (claims 3, 9, 13, and 24) (id. at 
34 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶ 101; Ex. 1001 ¶ 279)); Blumenkranz discloses 
measuring the surface profile of a surface of the cornea of the patient’s eye, 
and that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have used this data to 
control the formation of the second treatment pattern that is intended to treat 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
64 
astigmatism (claim 4) (id. at 35–36 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 56, 57, 59, 68, 73–
74, 78, 85; Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 282–283)); Blumenkranz discloses measuring 
scattering properties from different locations of a patient’s eye and using this 
information to position one of the cataract incision or relaxing incisions in a 
patient’s eye (claim 5) (id. at 36–37 (citing Ex. 1007, 6:58–67, 10:45–52; 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 284)); Blumenkranz discloses generating an aiming beam, 
deflecting the aiming beam to form an aiming pattern, and delivering the 
aiming pattern to target tissue to visually indicate a position of the cataract 
or relaxing incisions (claims 6, 10, and 14) (id. at 37 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 56, 
75, 77, 84–85)); Weikert discloses the use of relaxation incisions to correct 
pre-existing astigmatism and/or surgically-induced astigmatism (claim 17) 
(id. at 41 (citing Ex. 1019, 1–2, 11–12; Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 118, 299)); 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert teach or suggest a first treatment pattern 
that is formed at a limbal angle of about 30 degrees as seen from above the 
eye (claim 20) (id. at 42 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 61–62, 68–69; Ex. 1018, Figs. 
1A–1H; Ex. 1001 ¶ 300; Ex. 1007, 10:67–11:1 (the ’024 patent indicating 
that 30 degree angles are “standard” in cataract surgery))); Blumenkranz, 
Kurtz, and Weikert teach or suggest not forming the cataract incision at or 
near a steep axis of the cornea (claim 21) (id. at 42–43) (citing Ex. 1019, 14–
15; Ex. 1001 ¶ 301)); Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert teach or suggest a 
cataract incision that is delivered to the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a 
patient’s eye (claim 23) (id. at 31–34, 44); and Kurtz discloses incisions that 
include a bevel feature, “which was also a well-known, self-healing incision 
shape” (claim 26) (id. at 45 (Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 16–17, Figs. 1A–1F; Ex. 1017 
¶ 99; Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 308–309)). 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
65 
 
With respect to independent claims 8, 12, and 22, Petitioner identifies 
where Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert teach or suggest every limitation of 
these claims. Pet. 38–40, 43–44. 
 
Patent Owner does not directly contest Petitioner’s arguments with 
respect to claims 3–6, 8–10, 12–14, 17, 20–24, and 26, beyond those 
discussed above with respect to independent claim 1. 
 
Upon review of the arguments and evidence of record, we determine 
that Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 
3–6, 8–10, 12–14, 17, 20–24, and 26 would have been obvious over 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert. 
4. 
Analysis – Claims 7, 11, and 15 
Claims 7, 11, and 15, depend from independent claims 1, 8, and 12, 
respectively, and further require “capturing an image of the target tissue, 
displaying the captured image, and modifying a composition and location of 
at least one of the first and second treatment patterns on the patient’s eye in 
response to input received from a user input device.” Ex. 1007, 14:44–48, 
15:11–15, 15:45–49. 
Pointing to the disclosures of paragraph 77, Petitioner argues that 
Blumenkranz’s system has a camera for capturing an image of the target 
tissue, a display device, and a graphic user interface for modifying the 
composition and location of a treatment pattern(s). Pet. 37–38 (citing 
Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 77, 88, Figs. 11, 12, 14). 
Patent Owner argues in response that the GUI disclosed in 
paragraph 77 of Blumenkranz is a system for generically processing user 
input, and not a GUI that allows a user to modify a composition and location 
of a treatment pattern. PO Resp. 60–61. Patent Owner further argues that 
Figures 11, 12, and 14 of Blumenkranz merely depict the GUI generically, 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
66 
with no disclosure of the capabilities of the GUI. Id. at 60. Patent Owner 
acknowledges that Dr. Lubatschowski also cites to Kurtz and Weikert for 
this claim limitation, but contends theories set forth in an expert declaration 
that are not incorporated or made in the Petition must be disregarded. Id. at 
61. 
Petitioner argues in Reply that there is no dispute that Blumenkranz 
discloses a GUI with the claimed functionality, as is expressly set forth in 
paragraph 77 of Blumenkranz, and that paragraph 73 of Blumenkranz 
confirms this by unambiguously disclosing that the GUI of Blumenkranz 
allows a surgeon to modify the composition and location of a treatment 
pattern. Pet. Reply 27–28 (citing Ex. 1073, 198:13–199:14; Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 73, 
77, 88, Fig. 15; Ex. 1001 ¶ 288). And, although paragraph 73 of 
Blumenkranz is cited only in Dr. Lubatschowski’s declaration, Petitioner 
contends it is acceptable to cite additional paragraphs of a reference in a 
Reply to respond to arguments raised in the Patent Owner Response. Id. at 
27 n.11. 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner asserts that this new paragraph of 
Blumenkranz (paragraph 73) may not be relied upon in the Reply but, in any 
event, it does not cure the deficiencies in the Petition because it only 
discusses an alignment beam/pattern, which Patent Owner contends is not a 
GUI. Sur-Reply 29 (citing Ex. 1073, 291:20–25, 280:4–281:3). 
Blumenkranz discloses a camera, a display device, and a GUI. 
Ex. 1017 ¶ 77, Fig. 11, 12, 14. In Blumenkranz, an aiming beam may be 
directed to the patient’s eye and displayed on a screen, “such as a graphical 
user interface.” Id. ¶ 77. Blumenkranz also discloses that the alignment 
beam may allow the “surgeon to adjust the size, location and shape of the 
treatment pattern.” Id. ¶ 73. When considered in combination, we agree 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
67 
with Petitioner that paragraphs 73 and 77 would indicate to one of ordinary 
skill in the art that the GUI of Blumenkranz allows a surgeon to “adjust the 
size, location and shape of the treatment patterns.” Id. ¶¶ 73, 77. Thus, we 
find that Blumenkranz discloses the subject matter of claims 7, 11, and 15. 
We further find that Petitioner did not shift its argument in Reply and 
that it was not improper to point out, in responding to Patent Owner’s 
arguments, further disclosures of Blumenkranz—discussing the same 
general embodiment identified in the Petition—that confirm the assertion in 
the Petition that Blumenkranz teaches or suggests a camera, a display 
device, and a GUI that allows a surgeon to adjust the size and location of a 
treatment pattern. See Apple Inc. v. Andrea Elects. Corp., 949 F.3d 697, 
706–707 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (explaining that a petitioner may introduce new 
evidence in reply, as long as petition does not raise a new legal argument 
and is a legitimate reply to evidence introduced by the patent owner). 
Accordingly, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert teach or suggest every 
limitation of claims 7, 11, and 15. 
5. 
Analysis – Claim 25 
Claim 25 depends from claim 23, which depends from independent 
claim 22, and further requires “wherein the incisions formed by delivering 
the second treatment pattern leaves at least 200 μm of tissue thickness. 
Ex. 1007, 16:46–48. 
Petitioner contends that Weikert “teaches that the corrective effect of 
relaxing incisions depends on the length, depth, and number” of relaxing 
incisions. Pet. 45 (citing Ex. 1019, 218). Thus, Petitioner contends “the 
depth of the incision is nothing more than a result-effective variable subject 
to routine optimization.” Id. (citing MPEP 2144.04). As such, Petitioner 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
68 
contends it would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art “to 
deliver a relaxation incision that left at least 200 μm of tissue thickness when 
such a depth achieved the desired astigmatism correction.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 307). 
In response, Patent Owner relies on the same arguments discussed 
above with respect to the combination of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, and 
Petitioner asserts the same general counter-arguments in its Sur-Reply. 
PO Resp. 56–60; Pet. Reply 26; Sur-Reply 28–29. Accordingly, for the 
reasons set forth above with respect to the combination of Kurtz, Swinger, 
and Weikert, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claim 25 would have been obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and 
Weikert. 
6. 
Analysis – Claim 2 
Claim 2 depends from claim 1 and requires “wherein the second 
treatment pattern is delivered along corneal tissue anterior to the limbus 
tissue of the patient’s eye.” Ex. 1007, 14:25–27. Because we find that 
claim 2 would have been obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, we do 
not address whether claim 2 would have also been obvious over 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert. 
7. 
Claim 16 over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert, as well as 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, and Swinger 
Claim 16 depends from claim 1 and further requires “wherein the 
relaxation incision is formed from the inside of the target tissue towards the 
outside of the target tissue without extending to the outside of the target 
tissue.” Ex. 1007, 15:50–53. 
Petitioner contends that claim 16 would have been obvious over both 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert, as well as Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
69 
and Swinger. Pet. 40–41, 45–46. Petitioner’s arguments with respect to 
claim 16 rely on forming incisions in the cornea from a posterior-to-anterior 
direction. Id. As we decline to address whether Blumenkranz would have 
been modified for surgery on the cornea, and because we have found that 
claim 16 would have been obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, we do 
not address Petitioner’s arguments with respect to whether claim 16 would 
have been obvious based on its asserted Blumenkranz-based grounds. 
III. 
CONCLUSION11 
Based on the evidence and arguments presented during the trial, 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–17 
and 20–26 are unpatentable. 
In summary: 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–17, 
20–2612 
103(a) 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, 
Weikert 
1–15, 17, 20–
26 
 
1613 
103(a) 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, 
Weikert, Swinger 
 
 
 
11 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
12 For the reasons discussed above, we do not address whether claim16 
would have been obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert. 
13 For the reasons discussed above, we do not address Petitioner’s alternative 
ground addressing whether claim 16 would have been obvious over 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, and Swinger. 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
70 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–3, 6, 
16, 17, 
20–26 
103(a) 
Kurtz, Swinger, 
Weikert 
1–3, 6, 16, 17, 
20–26 
 
4, 5, 7–
15 
103(a) Kurtz, Swinger, 
Weikert, and Benedikt 
4, 5, 7–15 
 
Overall Outcome 1–17, 20–26 
 
 
VI. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–17 and 20–26 of the ’024 patent are 
unpatentable; and 
 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2021-00845 
Patent 9,233,024 B2 
71 
PETITIONER: 
Gregg F. LoCascio 
W. Todd Baker 
Noah S. Frank 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
gregg.locascio@kirkland.com 
todd.baker@kirkland.com 
noah.frank@kirkland.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Michael Morin 
Jonathan Strang 
Giri Pathmanaban 
Susan Tull 
Inge A. Osman 
Allison Harms 
Roger Chin 
LATHAM & WATKINS LLP 
michael.morin@lw.com 
jonathan.strang@lw.com 
giri.pathmanabn@lw.com 
susan.tull@lw.com 
inge.osman@lw.com 
allison.harms@lw.com 
roger.chin@lw.com