--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
 
 
 
 
 Paper 46 
571-272-7822 
 
 
 
 Date: January 31, 2025 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
PARSE BIOSCIENCES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
10X GENOMICS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
 
Before MICHAEL J. FITZPATRICK, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and 
DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
FITZPATRICK, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Petitioner, Parse Biosciences, Inc., filed a Petition to institute an inter 
partes review of all claims, namely claims 1–26, of U.S. Patent No. 
10,240,197 B1 (“the ’197 patent”) pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 311(a). Paper 1 
(“Pet.”). Patent Owner, 10X Genomics, Inc., filed a Preliminary Response 
pursuant to 37 C.F.R. § 42.107(b). Paper 6 (“Prelim. Resp.”). After initially 
denying the Petition, we granted it on rehearing and instituted an inter partes 
review. Paper 9 (“Dec. on Reh’g”). 
During the review, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response to 
the Petition (Paper 19 (“PO Resp.”)), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 25 
(“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 31 (“PO Sur-
reply”). Additionally, each party filed a motion to exclude. Paper 37 (“Pet. 
Mot. To Exclude”); Paper 31 (“PO Mot. To Exclude”).1 
An oral hearing was held November 6, 2024. A transcript of the 
hearing is of record in this case. Paper 45 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6, and this Final Written 
Decision, issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a), addresses issues and 
arguments raised during the trial. For the reasons discussed below, we 
determine that Petitioner has proven, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that claims 1–26 of the ’197 patent are unpatentable. 
 
1 Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude does not identify any exhibits it seeks to 
exclude and instead exclusively targets arguments. See Pet. Mot. To 
Exclude 1 (“Pursuant to FRE 401, 402, and 403, Petitioner moves to exclude 
all arguments in Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply (Paper 31) (‘POSR’) that pertain 
to a restriction enzyme known as BtsI.”). Petitioner’s Motion is improper 
and denied. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) (providing for a “motion to exclude 
evidence” (emphasis added)). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
3 
A. Real Parties In Interest 
Each party identifies itself as the sole real party in interest. Pet. 3; 
Paper 4, at 1. 
B. Related Matters 
The parties identify 10x Genomics v. Parse Biosciences, Inc., 22-cv-
01117 (D. Del.) as involving the ’197 patent. Pet. 3; Paper 4, at 1. 
Additionally, the parties identify IPR2023-00876 and IPR2023-00958. 
Pet. 4; Paper 4, at 1. In IPR2023-00876, the Board issued a final written 
decision that all claims of related U.S. Patent No. 10,155,981 B2 (“the ’981 
patent”) are unpatentable, and Patent Owner has filed a Notice of Appeal. 
IPR2023-00876, Papers 47 and 48. In IPR2023-00958, the Board soon will 
be entering a final written decision regarding the claims of related U.S. 
Patent No. 10,697,013 B1 (“the ’013 patent”). 
C. The ’197 Patent 
The ’197 patent is titled “Methods For Analyzing Nucleic Acids From 
Single Cells.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The focus of the ’197 patent 
Specification, other than the claims, however, is directed to the “reflex 
method.” For example, the “Summary of the Invention” states in its entirety 
the following: 
Aspects of the present invention are drawn to processes for 
moving a region of interest in a polynucleotide from a first 
position to a second position with regard to a domain within the 
polynucleotide, also referred to as a “reflex method” (or reflex 
process, reflex sequence process, reflex reaction, and the like). 
In certain embodiments, the reflex method results in moving a 
region of interest into functional proximity to specific domain 
elements present in the polynucleotide (e.g., primer sites and/or 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
4 
MID[2]). Compositions, kits and systems that find use in 
carrying out the reflex processes described herein are also 
provided. 
Ex. 1001, 1:52–62. 
The ’197 patent’s filing date is November 16, 2018. Id., code (22). 
However, it claims priority through numerous continuation applications and 
ultimately to a provisional application filed August 20, 2009. Ex. 1001, 
codes (63), (60), 1:7–23. The Petition does not challenge the asserted 
priority date of August 20, 2009. See Pet. 6 (“[T]he earliest priority date of 
the ’197 Patent is August 20, 2009.”). 
D. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenged all of the claims of the ’197 patent, namely 
claims 1–26. Claim 1 is the sole independent claim and reproduced below 
with the Petition’s bracketed labels: 
[1A] 1. 
A method of counting nucleic acids in a 
sample, the method comprising: 
[1B] (a) providing a sample comprising a plurality of 
cells, wherein a cell of the plurality of cells comprises a 
plurality of sample polynucleotides; 
[1C] (b) generating a plurality of tagged polynucleotides 
from the plurality of sample polynucleotides of said cell and a 
plurality of oligonucleotide tags, wherein a tagged 
polynucleotide of the plurality of tagged polynucleotides 
comprises: 
 
2 The acronym “MID” is short for “multiplex identifier” and “refers to a tag 
or combination of tags associated with a polynucleotide whose identity (e.g., 
the tag DNA sequence) can be used to differentiate polynucleotides in a 
sample.” Ex. 1001, 6:33–36. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
5 
[1D] (i) a sample sequence from a sample 
polynucleotide of the plurality of sample 
polynucleotides; 
[1E] (ii) a first tag sequence distinguishing said 
sample polynucleotide from sample polynucleotides from 
other cells; and 
[1F] (iii) a second tag sequence distinguishing 
said sample polynucleotide from other sample 
polynucleotides from said cell; 
[1G] (c) sequencing the tagged polynucleotide to 
determine the sample sequence, the first tag sequence, 
and the second tag sequence; and 
[1H] (d) using the first tag sequence and the second tag 
sequence to count a number of sample polynucleotides in 
said plurality of sample polynucleotides of said cell. 
Ex. 1001, 30:15–39; Pet. 27–44. 
C. The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts the following grounds of unpatentability: 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §3 Basis 
1–4, 6–11, 20, 23–25 
 103(a) 
Linnarsson,4 McCloskey5 
 
3 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 
which was enacted September 16, 2011, made amendments to 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 102 and 103. AIA § 3(b)–(c). Those amendments became effective 
eighteen months later on March 16, 2013. Id. at § 3(n). Because the 
application from which the ’197 patent issued claims priority to an 
application filed before March 16, 2013, any citations herein to 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 102 and 103 are to their pre-AIA versions. Id. at § 3(n)(1). 
4 WO 2010/117620 A2, published Oct. 14, 2010 (“Linnarsson,” Ex. 1003). 
5 Megan L. McCloskey et al., Encoding PCR Products with Batch- 
Stamps and Barcodes, 45 BIOCHEM. GENET., 761–767 (2007) 
(“McCloskey,” Ex. 1004). 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
6 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §3 Basis 
5, 12, 21, 22, 26 
 103(a) 
Linnarsson, McCloskey, and 
“further in view of the 
knowledge of a [person of 
ordinary skill in the art]” 
13–19 
103(a) 
Linnarsson, McCloskey, 
McCloskey II6 
Pet. 4–5. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Claim Construction 
The challenged claims should be read in light of the Specification, as 
it would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Suitco 
Surface, Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally 
give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re 
Translogic Tech., Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary 
and customary meaning is the meaning that the term would have to a person 
of ordinary skill in the art in question.” (internal quotation marks omitted)); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs 
according to the same standard as used in federal court). 
The Petition states that “Petitioner does not believe that any terms 
require explicit construction in view of the prior art being presented.” Pet. 
26. Despite this stated position, Petitioner argues that the ’197 patent 
provides a definition for the claim term “sample,” namely, “a quantity of 
material from a biological, environmental, medical, or patient source in 
 
6 US 2007/0020640 A1, published Jan. 25, 2007 (“McCloskey II,” 
Ex. 1055). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
7 
which detection, measurement, or labeling of target nucleic acids is sought.” 
Id. (quoting Ex. 1001, 12:7–10). Patent Owner, in its Preliminary Response, 
stated that it “agrees that at this time, solely for purposes of an institution 
decision on the Petition, no terms require explicit construction.” Prelim. 
Resp. 46. In instituting the IPR, we found no need to provide an express 
construction of any claim term. See generally Dec. on Reh’g; see also 
Paper 7, at 6 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
In the Patent Owner Response, Patent Owner repeats that it “does not 
believe any term needs construction,” but nonetheless “applies the Petition’s 
definition for ‘sample.’” PO Resp. 23. We apply this same definition in our 
analysis. 
B. Obviousness Generally 
A claim is unpatentable “if the differences between the subject matter 
sought to be patented and the prior art are such that the subject matter as a 
whole would have been obvious at the time the invention was made to a 
person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject matter pertains.” 
35 U.S.C. § 103(a). “Obviousness is a question of law based on underlying 
facts.” MobileMedia Ideas LLC v. Apple Inc., 780 F.3d 1159, 1167 (Fed. 
Cir. 2015). The underlying facts include (i) the scope and content of the 
prior art, (ii) any differences between the prior art and the claimed invention, 
(iii) the level of ordinary skill in the field of the invention, and (iv) any 
relevant objective considerations of nonobviousness. Id. (citing Graham v. 
John Deere of Kan. City, 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966)). Further, if all the 
elements of an invention are found in a combination of prior art references, 
then: 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
8 
a proper analysis under § 103 requires, inter alia, consideration 
of two factors: (1) whether the prior art would have suggested to 
those of ordinary skill in the art that they should make the 
claimed composition or device, or carry out the claimed process; 
and (2) whether the prior art would also have revealed that in so 
making or carrying out, those of ordinary skill would have a 
reasonable expectation of success. 
Medichem, S.A. v. Rolabo, S.L., 437 F.3d 1157, 1164 (Fed. Cir. 2006). 
C. Level Of Ordinary Skill In The Art 
In determining whether an invention would have been obvious at the 
time it was made, we consider the level of ordinary skill in the pertinent art 
at the time of the invention. Graham, 383 U.S. at 17. “The importance of 
resolving the level of ordinary skill in the art lies in the necessity of 
maintaining objectivity in the obviousness inquiry.” Ryko Mfg. Co. v. 
Nu-Star, Inc., 950 F.2d 714, 718 (Fed. Cir. 1991). The “person having 
ordinary skill in the art” is a hypothetical construct, from whose vantage 
point obviousness is assessed. In re Rouffet, 149 F.3d 1350, 1357 (Fed. Cir. 
1998). 
According to Petitioner: 
A person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) relating to 
the ’197 Patent would have had (1) a Masters degree and/or 
Ph.D. in molecular biology, genetics, chemistry, engineering, or 
a related discipline and at least two years of post-Masters, 
postdoctoral, or industry experience or (2) a Bachelor of Science 
in such disciplines and at least five years of academic or industry 
experience (including any experimental work toward a graduate 
degree), relating to DNA sequencing technologies, amplification 
methods, and gene expression analysis. EX1002 ¶ 52. Further, 
a POSA would have been familiar with associated tools, 
methods, and techniques including: (1) polynucleotide tagging, 
(2) amplification, (3) use of tags to overcome amplification bias, 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
9 
(4) single cell analysis, (5) ligation and primer extension, and (6) 
sequencing. See generally EX1002 ¶¶ 53, 72–99. 
Pet. 13–14.7 
Patent Owner does not directly dispute Petitioner’s proposal but does 
offer its own proposal. PO Resp. 22. Patent Owner proposes that the skilled 
artisan “would have had a Ph.D. in molecular biology, molecular genetics, 
biochemistry, physics, mechanical engineering, or a related discipline, with 
two years of academic, research, or industry experience in the field of 
genomic or transcriptome sequencing.” Id. (citing Ex. 2013 ¶¶25–268). 
Both of the parties’ proposals as to the level of ordinary skill in the art 
are consistent with the disclosure of the ’197 patent and the asserted prior 
art. The distinction between the parties’ proposals would not change the 
outcome of this Decision. Thus, we adopt and apply Patent Owner’s 
proposal. 
D. The Prior Art 
“A petitioner in an inter partes review may request to cancel as 
unpatentable 1 or more claims of a patent only on a ground that could be 
raised under section 102 or 103 and only on the basis of prior art consisting 
of patents or printed publications.” 35 U.S.C. § 311(b). Petitioner here 
asserts three printed publications: Linnarsson (Ex. 1003), McCloskey (Ex. 
1004), and McCloskey II (Ex. 1055). 
 
7 Exhibit 1002 is a declaration by Petitioner’s witness, Gregory Cooper, 
Ph.D. 
8 Exhibit 2013 is a declaration by Patent Owner’s witness, John 
Quackenbush, Ph.D. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
10 
1. Linnarsson 
Linnarsson is titled “Gene Expression Analysis In Single Cells.” 
Ex. 1003, code (54). Linnarsson discloses “a method of preparing 
[complimentary DNA or] cDNA libraries which can be used to analyze gene 
expression in a plurality of single cells.” Id. at 3:22–23. In one 
embodiment, 
the method includes the steps of releasing [messenger RNA or] 
mRNA from each single cell to provide a plurality of individual 
mRNA samples, synthesizing a first strand of cDNA from the 
mRNA in each individual mRNA sample and incorporating a tag 
into the cDNA to provide a plurality of tagged cDNA samples, 
pooling the tagged cDNA samples and amplifying the pooled 
cDNA samples to generate a cDNA library having double-
stranded cDNA. 
Id. at 3:26–30. Linnarsson discloses the following “overview” of such a 
method: 
(A) the tissue of interest is dissected; (B) a plurality of single 
cells are selected; (C) single cells are placed in separate wells of 
a 96-well plate and lysed; tagged reverse transcription is 
performed on each sample to produce cDNA; (D) cDNA samples 
are pooled and amplified; (E) sequencing is performed to obtain 
100 million reads; and (F) identification of expressed genes and 
identification of cells from which they originated. 
Id. at 4:8–13. Linnarsson discloses that the tag may be incorporated during 
cDNA synthesis via a tagged cDNA synthesis primer (“CDS”) and/or a 
tagged template switching oligonucleotide (“TSO”). Id. at 18:31–32 (“In 
some aspects of the invention, a tag can be incorporated into the cDNA 
during its synthesis. For example, the CDS and/or the TSO can include a 
tag.”). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
11 
Linnarsson claims priority to U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 
61/164,759 (“Linnarsson Provisional,” (Ex. 1015)), filed on March 30, 2009. 
Ex. 1003, code (30). Petitioner argues that the Linnarsson Provisional 
supports at least one claim of Linnarsson, and, thus, Linnarsson is prior art 
as of the March 30, 2009, filing date of the Linnarsson Provisional. Pet. 
14–16. As such, Petitioner asserts that Linnarsson is prior art to the 
challenged claims under 35 U.S.C. § 102(e). See id. at 15 (“Linnarsson is 
prior art to the challenged claims even if the Challenged Claims of the ’197 
Patent are entitled to their earliest priority date of August 20, 2009.”). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that Linnarsson is prior art to the 
challenged claims. Indeed, in its Preliminary Response, Patent Owner 
pointed out that Linnarsson “was the basis of multiple rejections by the 
Office in the ’957 application that matured into the related ’981 (against 
which ’197 is terminally disclaimed).” Prelim. Resp. 6 (citing Ex. 1005, 
114; Ex. 2001, 153–56). This is true. In fact, Linnarsson was cited as an 
anticipatory reference twice during the examination of the ’957 application. 
See Ex. 2001, 154 (Dec. 27, 2017, Final Action: “Claim(s) 1–6 are rejected 
under pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 102(A)(1)/(A)(2) as being anticipated by 
Linnarsson.”), 193 (July 10, 2018, Final Action stating the same). 
Patent Owner, however, does dispute that Linnarsson is analogous art. 
PO Resp. 70–71. We address that issue below. 
2. McCloskey 
McCloskey is titled “Encoding PCR Products with Batch-stamps and 
Barcodes.” Ex. 1004, 1. McCloskey explains that when employing the 
polymerase chain reaction (“PCR”), there is “always uncertainty concerning 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
12 
the source of the template DNA that gave rise to a particular PCR product.” 
Id. McCloskey reports that it solved this problem by using 
an encoding oligonucleotide with five distinct informational 
regions (Fig. 1): (1) the batch-stamp, unique to each experiment, 
specifies the DNA source such as the patient or sample 
identification, and the date of reaction; (2) the random barcode 
distinguishes among sequences arising from different cell or 
allele copies; (3) the primer-binding site facilitates specific PCR 
amplification; (4) the genomic target-binding site targets the 
locus to be encoded prior to amplification; and (5) the extra 5ˊ 
bases serve as an internal sentinel of recoding. This encoding 
oligonucleotide is annealed to denatured DNA and extended by 
Sequenase (USB) (Fig. 1). Sequenase-extension products are 
column-filtered to remove any unincorporated, encoding 
oligonucleotides and amplified using standard PCR protocols 
(Fig. 1). 
Ex. 1004, 2. Such an encoding oligonucleotide with two tag sequences is 
the heart of what Petitioner relies upon with respect to McCloskey. See, 
e.g., Pet. 22 (“McCloskey discloses a method of DNA analysis for single-
cell samples that utilizes an ‘encoding oligonucleotide’ having ‘five distinct 
information regions,’ two of which are tag sequences that distinguish, 
respectively, polynucleotides and samples.”). 
According to the face of McCloskey, it was published in 2007, which 
is more than one year before the earliest possible effective filing date of the 
challenged claims (i.e., August 20, 2009). Ex. 1004, 1. As such, Petitioner 
asserts that McCloskey is prior art to the challenged claims under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(a) and (b). Pet. 21. 
Patent Owner disputes that McCloskey is prior art, which we address 
below. PO Resp. 21–22. Patent Owner also disputes that McCloskey is 
analogous art, which we also address below. Id. at 70–71. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
13 
3. McCloskey II 
McCloskey II is titled “Molecular Encoding Of Nucleic Acid 
Templates For PCR And Other Forms Of Sequence Analysis.” Ex. 1055, 
code (54). Petitioner asserts that the disclosure of McCloskey II is “similar” 
to that of McCloskey, with the main difference being that “McCloskey II 
discloses that its barcode sequence may comprise up to 30 nucleotides.” Pet. 
26 (citing Ex. 1055 ¶21). 
McCloskey II was published in 2007 (see Ex. 1055, code (43)), which 
is more than one year before the earliest possible effective filing date of the 
challenged claims (i.e., August 20, 2009). As such, Petitioner asserts that 
McCloskey II is prior art to the challenged claims under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a) 
and (b). See Pet. 25. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that McCloskey II is prior art to the 
challenged claims. Indeed, in its Preliminary Response, Patent Owner 
pointed out that McCloskey II was considered as prior art during prosecution 
of a related application. Prelim. Resp. 11 (citing Ex. 2002, 335–336). 
Patent Owner, however, does dispute that McCloskey II is analogous art, 
which we address next. PO Resp. 70–71. 
4. Linnarsson, McCloskey, and McCloskey II are 
Analogous Art 
“Although § 103 does not, by its terms, define the ‘art to which [the] 
subject matter [sought to be patented] pertains,’ this determination is 
frequently couched in terms of whether the art is analogous or not, i.e., 
whether the art is ‘too remote to be treated as prior art.’” In re Clay, 966 
F.2d 656, 658 (Fed. Cir. 1992) (quoting In re Sovish, 769 F.2d 738, 741 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
14 
(Fed. Cir. 1985)). “Whether a reference in the prior art is ‘analogous’ is a 
fact question.” Clay, 966 F.2d at 658. “Two criteria have evolved for 
determining whether prior art is analogous: (1) whether the art is from the 
same field of endeavor, regardless of the problem addressed, and (2) if the 
reference is not within the field of the inventor’s endeavor, whether the 
reference still is reasonably pertinent to the particular problem with which 
the inventor is involved.” Id. at 658–59. 
Patent Owner argues that “[n]owhere does Petitioner assert—let alone 
attempt to show— that any of the three references named in its grounds 
(primary reference Linnarsson and secondary references McCloskey and 
McCloskey II) is analogous art to ’197.” PO Resp. 70 (citing Pet. 38–40, 
65–7). As Patent Owner explains it, the Petition asserts that the references 
are analogous to each other but does not assert that they are analogous to the 
challenged claims. Id. (citing Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH v. Mylan 
Pharms. Inc., 66 F.4th 1373, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2023)). 
Patent Owner is correct that, under Sanofi-Aventis, a petitioner bears 
the burden of persuasion to establish that an asserted prior art reference is 
analogous art to the claimed invention. See Sanofi-Aventis, 66 F.4th at 1377 
(“We agree with [the patent owner] that [the petitioner] did not carry its 
burden to argue that de Gennes is analogous to the [challenged] patent.”); id. 
(“In evaluating whether a reference is analogous, we have consistently held 
that a patent challenger must compare the reference to the challenged 
patent.”); id. at 1378–79 (“We have routinely held that the petitioner has the 
burden of proving unpatentability.”). However, as we noted when instituting 
this proceeding, “Sanofi-Aventis further held: ‘A petitioner is not required to 
anticipate and raise analogous art arguments in its petition; instead a 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
15 
petitioner can use its reply to “respond to arguments raised in the 
corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary response, patent owner 
response, or decision on institution.”’” Dec. on Reh’g 15 (quoting Sanofi-
Aventis, 66 F.4th at 1379 (quoting 37 C.F.R. § 42.23)). 
In its Reply, Petitioner argues that Linnarsson is analogous art 
because, like the specification and claims of the ’197 patent, it “deal[s] with 
‘analysis of gene expression in single cells or in a plurality of single cells’ 
based on nucleic acid tagging and sequencing.” Pet. Reply 26 (citing 
Ex. 1003, Abstr., 1:6–9, 3:25–4:2, 9:23–10:2, 10:15–30, Fig. 11, claims 1, 
23, 24; Ex. 1001, code (54), Abstr., 6:33–7:22, claim 1; Ex. 1070 ¶¶169). In 
its Reply, Petitioner also argues that McCloskey and McCloskey II are 
analogous art because, like the specification and claims of the ’197 patent, 
“both references deal with tagging polynucleotides for amplification, with 
McCloskey even teaching a two-part tag that identifies the ‘DNA source 
such as the patient or sample identification’ and also ‘distinguishes among 
sequences arising from different cell or allele copies.’” Pet. Reply 26–27 
(footnote omitted) (citing Ex. 1004, 2, Fig. 1; Ex. 1001, code (54), Abstr., 
6:33–7:22, claim 1; Ex. 1070 ¶170); see also Ex. 1055 ¶¶5–11. 
We find that all three references are analogous art to the ’197 patent, 
as there is ample supporting evidence in the record, including that to which 
the Reply cites (citations identified in the immediately preceding paragraph). 
Indeed, Patent Owner does not dispute the merits of Petitioner’s Reply 
arguments. PO Sur-reply 30–31. Rather, Patent Owner, argues that we 
“should not now permit Petitioner to rewrite its clearly-deficient Petition.” 
Id. at 31. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
16 
Petitioner’s Reply does not re-write its Petition. What Petitioner’s 
Reply does, in response to Patent Owner’s arguments, is precisely what 
Sanofi-Aventis contemplates as being proper in a reply brief. Indeed, in 
ruling against the petitioner in Sanofi-Aventis, the Federal Circuit 
specifically noted that the petitioner could have used its reply brief “to 
explain how [the prior art reference] is analogous to the [challenged] patent” 
but did not do so. 66 F.4th at 1379–1380. Here, in contrast, Petitioner uses 
its Reply brief to explain how the references are analogous to the ’197 
patent. Petitioner’s explanation in its Reply brief is both proper and 
persuasive. 
5. McCloskey is a Prior Art Printed Publication; Patent 
Owner’s Motion to Exclude is Granted-in-Part and 
Denied-in-Part 
McCloskey is an article titled “Encoding PCR Products with 
Batch-stamps and Barcodes,” and authored by Megan L. McCloskey, 
Reinhard Stoger, R. Scott Hansen, and Charles D. Laird. Ex. 1004, 1. 
Petitioner argues that McCloskey is a prior art printed publication because it 
was published in BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS in 2007, as indicated on the cover 
of McCloskey. Pet. 21 (citing Ex. 1004, 1; Ex. 1028). Exhibit 1028 is not 
relevant to the prior art status of McCloskey and appears to have been 
prepared for another matter. See Ex. 1028 ¶¶43, 50, 57 (discussing three 
references, none of which is McCloskey, McCloskey II, or Linnarsson). 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner failed to establish McCloskey is, 
in fact, prior art to ’197.” PO Resp. 21 (citing Standard Innovation Corp. v. 
Lelo, Inc., No. IPR2014-00148, Paper 41 at 18–28 (Apr. 23, 2015); 
Dropbox, Inc. v. Synchronoss Techs., No. IPR2016-00850, Paper 41 at 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
17 
18–23 (Oct. 5, 2016); Liquidia Techs. v. United Therapeutics Corp., No. 
IPR2020-00770, Paper 45, at 56–57 (Oct. 8, 2021)). Patent Owner does not 
explain how Petitioner allegedly failed to prove McCloskey is prior art. 
Instead, Patent Owner implies, via its description of Standard Innovation’s 
holding, that Petitioner failed to prove that McCloskey is what it has been 
represented to be and/or that it was actually published in 2007. PO Resp. 21. 
With its Reply, Petitioner submitted a second declaration from the 
same witness who executed the irrelevant Exhibit 1028, i.e., Sylvia Hall-
Ellis, Ph.D. Ex. 1085. In that second declaration, Dr. Hall-Ellis includes an 
Exhibit A, which she testifies includes a copy of McCloskey that she 
obtained from Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering & Technology. 
Id. ¶¶43–50, “Exhibit A.” Dr. Hall-Ellis testifies that McCloskey is the 
article it appears to be, was published in BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS in 2007, 
and was received, catalogued, and indexed, and made publicly available by 
Linda Hall Library on or shortly after January 3, 2008. Id. ¶¶43–50. 
Patent Owner filed a Motion to Exclude the second Hall-Ellis 
declaration (Ex. 1085) and McCloskey (Ex. 1004). PO Mot. To Exclude. 
With respect to the second Hall-Ellis declaration, Patent Owner 
objected to its admissibility on the basis that, among other things, it “should 
have been served, but was not, as supplemental evidence within ten business 
days of [Patent Owner] 10x’s timely objection under 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.64(b)(2)” to McCloskey. Paper 27, 4.9 More specifically, Patent 
 
9 In stating its objection to Exhibit 1085, Patent Owner, at one point, refers 
to the second Hall-Ellis Declaration as “EX1065.” Paper 27, 4. We 
understand that Patent Owner meant to refer to Exhibit 1085, as it had done 
 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
18 
Owner had previously objected -- on February 15, 2024 -- to McCloskey as 
allegedly unauthenticated, undated (absent hearsay), and thus irrelevant as 
not a prior art printed publication as to the challenged claims. Paper 11, 1–2. 
Clearly, the second Hall-Ellis declaration is offered to prove that 
McCloskey is a prior art printed publication. See, e.g., Ex. 1085 ¶50 (“In 
view of the foregoing, it is my opinion that [McCloskey] was publicly 
available no later than [January 3, 2008].”). Thus, the second Hall-Ellis 
declaration should have been served within ten business days of Patent 
Owner’s February 15, 2024, objection to the admissibility of McCloskey. 
See 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(b)(2) (“The party relying on evidence to which an 
objection is timely served may respond to the objection by serving 
supplemental evidence within ten business days of service of the 
objection.”). 
In its Opposition to the Motion to Exclude, Petitioner argues that, 
under Hulu LLC v. Sound View Innovations, LLC, No. IPR2018-01039, 
Paper 29 (Dec. 20, 2019) (precedential), it was allowed to wait until its 
Reply to file the second Hall-Ellis declaration. Paper 37, 2. The Board in 
Hulu does state that, “if the patent owner challenges a reference’s status as a 
printed publication, a petitioner may submit a supporting declaration with its 
reply to further support its argument that a reference qualifies as a printed 
publication.” Hulu at 15 (37 C.F.R. § 42.23). However, the Board’s 
statement was referring to the scope of permissible reply arguments under 
37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b). See Hulu at 14 (quoting 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b)’s 
 
in the prior sentence and in the subtitle to the relevant portion of its 
Objection. Id. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
19 
requirement that “[a] reply may only respond to arguments raised in the 
corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary response, or patent 
owner response”). The Board in Hulu does not purport to interpret 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64 or even discuss supplemental evidence. Petitioner clearly 
missed the deadline imposed by 37 C.F.R. § 42.64(b)(2), which was 
triggered by Patent Owner’s February 15, 2024, objection to McCloskey. 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is granted with respect to the second 
Hall-Ellis declaration (i.e., Ex. 1085). 
Despite the exclusion of the second Hall-Ellis declaration, there is 
ample evidence in the record demonstrating that McCloskey is a prior art 
printed publication. McCloskey itself states: “Received: 31 January 2007 / 
Accepted: 29 May 2007 / Published online: 23 October 2007.” Ex. 1004, 1. 
McCloskey additionally states that it was published in a 2007 print issue of 
“Biochem Genet,” with Petitioner adding that the full name of the journal is 
BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS and that McCloskey was published in a December 
2007 volume of the journal. Id.; Pet. 29. McCloskey also includes a 
copyright notice by “Springer Science+Business Media, LLC” with a date of 
date of 2007. Ex. 1004, 1. Patent Owner argues that this is unreliable 
hearsay that should be excluded. PO Mot. To Exclude 4 (citing Neste Oil 
Oyj v. REG Synthetic Fuels, LLC, No. IPR2013-00578, Paper 53 at 5–7 
(Mar. 12, 2015); Standard Innovation Corp. v. Lelo, Inc., No. IPR2014-
00148, Paper 4210 at 13–18, 21–22 (Apr. 23, 2015)). We are not persuaded 
 
10 Patent Owner actually cited to “Pap.41” of Standard Innovation. PO Mot. 
To Exclude 4. There is no Paper 41 in the record of that case. We presume 
Patent Owner intended to cite Paper 42, which is the final written decision in 
that case. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
20 
by Patent Owner’s argument or its reliance on these cases. The facts before 
us are different. 
In Neste Oil, the Board “note[d] that the alleged ‘stamps’ of Exhibits 
1125 and 1132 are actually handwritten dates, added to the documents by an 
unknown person at an unknown time.” Neste Oil, Paper 53 at 6. In contrast, 
the dates relied upon by Petitioner are printed, appear to have been included 
at the time of printing, and appear to have been printed by, or at the direction 
of, the journal and/or copyright holder, both of which are identified by 
McCloskey. Ex. 1004, 1. 
In Standard Innovation, the alleged prior art exhibits were “printouts 
of … webpages” bearing a copyright indication of “© 2003-2013,” which 
the petitioner argued was proof of subset of the webpages being 
disseminated publicly in 2003. Standard Innovation, Paper 42 at 13. This is 
a far cry from McCloskey, which is a journal article and which includes 
specific date information, not only of publishing, but also of when the 
journal received and accepted the article for publication as well as when it 
was copyrighted. Ex. 1004, 1. 
That McCloskey is what it purports to be (a journal article) and that it 
was published in 2007 are corroborated by multiple pieces of evidence. 
McCloskey names four authors, all of whom are named inventors of 
McCloskey II. Ex. 1004, 1; Ex. 1055, code (76). Patent Owner concedes 
that McCloskey and McCloskey II involve the same subject matter, having 
argued that the consideration of McCloskey II supported discretionary denial 
of the Petition based on McCloskey. See, e.g., Prelim. Resp. 25 
(“McCloskey is cumulative of McCloskey II.”). Notably, McCloskey II was 
published on January 25, 2007. Ex. 2001, code (43). That is just days 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
21 
before McCloskey was received by BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS on January 31, 
2007. See EX. 1004, 1 (“Received: 31 January 2007 / Accepted: 29 May 
2007 / Published online: 23 October 2007”). In other words, it appears that 
the authors sought to have their research published in a scientific journal 
promptly after the subject matter of their research had been published by the 
Office. 
Further, the existence of McCloskey and its publication year of 2007 
is confirmed by other references in the record. See Ex. 1029, code (56) 
(United States Patent identifying as a cited reference: “McCloskey, et al. 
Encoding Pcr products with batch-stamps and barcodes. Biochem Genet. 
Dec. 2007;45(11-12):761-7. Epub Oct. 23, 2007.”); Ex. 1053, code (56) 
(same); Ex. 1060, 13 (article’s bibliography citing “McCloskey ML, Stöger 
R, Hansen RS, Laird CD. Encoding PCR products with batch-stamps and 
barcodes. Biochem. Genet 2007;45:761–767. [PubMed: 17955361]”). 
Patent Owner points out that one of the three just-cited references of 
record, i.e., Exhibit 1053, “issued in 2017 and thus post-dates the priority 
date by eight years, and therefore does not constitute evidence that 
McCloskey was publicly accessible as of the 2009 priority date.” PO Mot. 
To Exclude 6 (citing Ex. 1053). Although Exhibit 1053, published in 2017, 
is not contemporaneous evidence of the 2007 publication of McCloskey, it 
nonetheless is evidence helping to corroborate that McCloskey was, in fact, 
published in 2007. More importantly, additional corroborative evidence 
exists in the record. In particular, another of the three references cited 
above, i.e., Ex. 1060, was published shortly after McCloskey, in December 
2008, and references McCloskey as being published in the same page range 
(pages 761–767) of the same volume (45) of the same periodical 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
22 
(BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS) as appears on McCloskey itself. Compare Ex. 
1060, 13 (“Biochem. Genet 2007;45:761–767”), with Ex. 1004, 1 (“Biochem 
Genet (2007) 45:761–767”). This evidence is the figurative nail in the coffin 
for Patent Owner’s argument that McCloskey is not a prior art printed 
publication.11 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is denied with respect to 
McCloskey (i.e., Ex. 1004). In sum, Petitioner has shown that McCloskey is 
a printed publication as of 2007 and, thus, prior art to the challenged claims 
of the ’197 patent. 
E. Ground I: Claim 1 
Petitioner argues that claim 1, along with claims 2–4, 6–11, 20, 23–
25, would have been obvious over Linnarsson and McCloskey. Pet. 4. 
 
11 During the hearing, counsel for Patent Owner stressed the applicability of 
Medivis, Inc. v. Novarad Corp., No. IPR2023-00042 to the present set of 
facts. Tr. 82:21–83:2. Patent Owner cites a first decision from Medivis as 
stating that “any reference can state it was published without actually being 
published.” PO Mot. To Exclude 5–6 (quoting Medivis Paper 35 at 28 (Mar. 
6, 2024)). Patent Owner quotes a second decision from Medivis as stating 
that “the Petition [in Medivis] . . . cites no evidence for public accessibility, 
except the references . . . themselves. This is insufficient and tantamount to 
submitting no proof of public accessibility.” Id. at 6 (quoting Medivis Paper 
37 at 4 (Apr. 23, 2024)). We find Medivis inapposite to the facts before us. 
McCloskey need not stand on its own statement of publication. Instead, we 
have three other references in the record corroborating that McCloskey was 
published in 2007. Exs. 1029, 1053, 1060. We also have McCloskey II 
indisputably being published by the Office on January 25, 2007, just days 
before McCloskey, which Patent Owner characterizes as “cumulative of 
McCloskey II” (Prelim. Resp. 25), states that it was “[r]eceived” by 
BIOCHEMICAL GENETICS on January 31, 2007. Ex. 1055, code (43); Ex. 
1004, 1. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
23 
Claim 1 is directed to “[a] method of counting nucleic acids in a 
sample.” Ex. 1001, 30:16–17. The method involves tagging sample 
polynucleotides with “(ii) a first tag sequence distinguishing said sample 
polynucleotide from sample polynucleotides from other cells; and (iii) a 
second tag sequence distinguishing said sample polynucleotide,” and 
ultimately “(d) using the first tag sequence and the second tag sequence to 
count a number of sample polynucleotides in said plurality of sample 
polynucleotides of said cell.” Id. at 30:28–39. 
In mapping the prior art to claim 1, the Petition breaks the claim into 
eight portions, labeled [1A] through [1H], and organizes its arguments 
accordingly. See Pet. 27–46. 
For limitations [1A]– [1E] and [1G], Petitioner relies on Linnarsson 
alone, which discloses incorporating tags into “cDNA during its synthesis,” 
wherein each tag has a “barcode” unique to the particular single cell whose 
mRNA generated the cDNA sample “such that once the tagged cDNA 
samples [are subsequently] pooled, the tag can be used to identify which 
single cell from each cDNA sample originated.” Ex. 1003, 18:31–19:11; see 
Pet. 27 (regarding [1A]), 28 (regarding [1B), 29–32 (regarding [1C]), 33–36 
(regarding [1D]), 36–37 (regarding [1E]), 44 (regarding [1G]). 
However, the remaining limitations, i.e., [1F] and [1H], limit the 
generating of a plurality of tagged polynucleotides such that (1) each tagged 
polynucleotide includes two tag sequences in which the “second tag 
sequence distinguish[es] said sample polynucleotide from other sample 
polynucleotides from said cell” and (2) the tags may ultimately be used “to 
count a number of sample polynucleotides in said plurality of sample 
polynucleotides of said cell.” Ex. 1001, 30:21–39 (claim 1). For these 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
24 
limitations, Petitioner relies on modifying Linnarsson in view of 
McCloskey. Pet. 37–46. 
As explained below, we find that Petitioner has shown that the 
asserted prior art satisfies each limitation of the claim and that the subject 
matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time of the claimed 
invention – August 20, 2009. 
1. [1A] “A method of counting nucleic acids in a 
sample, the method comprising:” 
A claim’s preamble is not necessarily limiting. See, e.g., Pitney 
Bowes Inc. v. Hewlett Packard Co., 182 F.3d 1298, 1305 (Fed. Cir. 1999). 
The Petition all but presumes that the preamble of claim 1 is limiting and 
directs us to prior art disclosures of the subject matter. See Pet. 27 (“To the 
extent the preamble is limiting, Linnarsson discloses this limitation.”). For 
example, Petitioner directs us to Linnarsson’s disclosure that “[s]equence 
reads are mapped to the genome to reveal sites of transcription, and 
quantitation is based simply on hit counts, with great sensitivity and nearly 
unlimited dynamic range.” Pet. 27 (quoting Ex. 1003, 2:21–22); see also 
Ex. 1003, 36:31–33 (cited at Pet. 27). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches the preamble 
of claim 1. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
2. [1B] “(a) providing a sample comprising a plurality 
of cells, wherein a cell of the plurality of cells 
comprises a plurality of sample polynucleotides” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses this limitation. Pet. 28. 
Petitioner cites multiple disclosures from Linnarsson in support, including 
that “[s]ingle cells useful in the methods described herein can be obtained 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
25 
from a tissue of interest, or from a biopsy, blood sample, or cell culture.” 
Ex. 1003, 13:11–12 (cited at Pet. 28). As for the recitation that “a cell of the 
plurality of cells comprises a plurality of sample polynucleotides,” Petitioner 
cites disclosure from Linnarsson that “single cells are placed in separate 
wells of a 96-well plate and lysed [and] tagged reverse transcription is 
performed on each sample to produce cDNA” and, “[i]n some aspects of the 
invention, mRNA can be released from the cells by lysing the cells.” Ex. 
1003, 4:10–11, 13:28 (cited at Pet. 28). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1B]. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
3. [1C] “(b) generating a plurality of tagged 
polynucleotides from the plurality of sample 
polynucleotides of said cell and a plurality of 
oligonucleotide tags” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses this limitation. Pet. 29–32. 
Petitioner cites multiple disclosures from Linnarsson in support, including 
that “tagged reverse transcription is performed on each sample to produce 
cDNA” and: 
As the tag is present in the CDS and/or the TSO it will be 
incorporated into the cDNA during its synthesis and can 
therefore act as a “barcode” to identify the cDNA. Both the CDS 
and the TSO can include a tag. The CDS and the TSO can each 
include a different tag such that the tagged cDNA sample 
comprises a combination of tags. 
Ex. 1003, 4:11, 19:4–7 (cited at Pet. 29). Petitioner also directs us to 
figures of Linnarsson showing tags that have been incorporated into 
polynucleotides. Pet. 30–32 (citing Ex. 1003, Figs. 3–4). 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
26 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1C]. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
4. [1D] “wherein a tagged polynucleotide of the 
plurality of tagged polynucleotides comprises: (i) a 
sample sequence from a sample polynucleotide of the 
plurality of sample polynucleotides” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses this limitation. Pet. 33–36. 
Petitioner, with the support of testimony from Dr. Cooper, explains that by 
virtue of the way a CDS and a TSO work, the sequence of a polynucleotide 
(whether it is mRNA in the case of a CDS or cDNA in the case of a TSO) is 
preserved as the amplification occurs. See, e.g., Ex. 1002 ¶148 (Dr. Cooper 
testifying that Linnarsson Figure 2 shows “that the resulting double-stranded 
cDNA comprises one strand . . . which is identical to the original sample 
mRNA.”), ¶149 (Dr. Cooper testifying that “a cDNA synthesized from a 
sample mRNA comprises the same sample sequence.”); Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 
1002 ¶¶148–149). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1D]. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
5. [1E] “wherein a tagged polynucleotide of the 
plurality of tagged polynucleotides comprises: . . . (ii) 
a first tag sequence distinguishing said sample 
polynucleotide from sample polynucleotides from 
other cells” 
Petitioner argues that Linnarsson discloses this limitation. Pet. 36–37. 
Petitioner cites multiple disclosures from Linnarsson in support, including 
that “tagged reverse transcriptase is performed on each sample to produce 
cDNA” and this allows for “identification of expressed genes and 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
27 
identification of cells from which they originated.” Ex. 1003, 4:8–13 (cited 
at Pet. 36); see also Ex. 1003, 19:5–11 (disclosing that the use of its tagged 
CDS and TSO results in tagged cDNA). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1E].12 See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
6. [1F] “wherein a tagged polynucleotide of the 
plurality of tagged polynucleotides comprises: . . . 
(iii) a second tag sequence distinguishing said sample 
polynucleotide from other sample polynucleotides 
from said cell” 
Limitation [1F] recites “a second tag sequence,” which is in addition 
to the “first tag sequence” recited in limitation [1E]. Petitioner relies on a 
modification of Linnarsson in view of McCloskey to reach this dual-tag 
feature. See, e.g., Pet. 37 (“The combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey 
teaches this claim element.”). 
First, Petitioner directs us to McCloskey’s disclosure of an “encoding 
oligonucleotide” that comprises two tag sequences. Pet. 37–38 (citing Ex. 
1004, 1–3, Fig. 1.). Figure 1(A) of McCloskey is reproduced below. 
 
12 Patent Owner, however, does dispute that Petitioner’s modification of 
Linnarsson in view of McCloskey fails to satisfy limitation [1E]. PO Resp. 
41. We address this argument in the next section, which concerns the 
proposed modification. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
28 
 
Ex. 1004, Fig. 1(A). Figure 1(A) of McCloskey above shows encoding 
oligonucleotide having “five distinct regions,” namely “a genomic target-
binding site, a batch-stamp, a barcode, a primer-binding site for PCR, and 
extra bases that serve as internal sentinels of recoding as well as tethering 
the oligonucleotide to itself.” Ex. 1004, 3. Petitioner argues that 
“McCloskey’s encoding oligonucleotide comprises two tag sequences: (1) a 
‘batch-stamp’ sequence . . . to identify the experimental batch or genomic 
source (e.g., a single cell) and (2) a ‘barcode’ . . . to distinguish 
polynucleotide sequences ‘arising from different cell or allele copies.’” Pet. 
37–38 (quoting Ex. 1004, 2). As noted by Petitioner, in McCloskey, “the 
batch-stamp, unique to each experiment, specifies the DNA source such as 
the patient or sample identification, and the date of reaction” and “the 
random barcode distinguishes among sequences arising from different cell or 
allele copies.” Pet. 38 (quoting Ex. 1004, 2). 
The Petition additionally relies on McCloskey for teaching “that the 
‘batch-stamps and barcodes [should] be used when amplifying irreplaceable 
DNAs and cDNAs for . . . single cell . . . analyses,’ and that its method of 
tagging applies ‘to single-stranded [DNA or] cDNA templates.’” Pet. 38 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
29 
(quoting Ex. 1004, 1–2).13 Based on these teachings and declaration 
testimony of Dr. Cooper, Petitioner persuasively argues that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would “would have understood that McCloskey’s 
reference to ‘different cell or allele copies’ encompasses cDNA (i.e., sample 
polynucleotides) from single cell experiments.” Id. at 51 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶65, 184; Ex. 1004, 1–2). 
Ultimately, Petitioner argues that “[i]t would have been obvious to 
combine Linnarsson’s methods of cDNA library preparation and analyzing 
tagged nucleic acids with McCloskey’s teachings to use an encoding 
oligonucleotide comprising a second tag sequence that distinguishes sample 
polynucleotides derived from the same single cell.” Pet. 38–39. Petitioner 
argues that the modification “would be identical to the approach already set 
forth in Linnarsson, except that the cell-tag sequence in Linnarsson would be 
conceptually divided into two portions: one that codes for the unique cell 
and one that codes for the unique molecule.” Pet. 43. As Dr. Cooper 
explains it: 
The only difference between Linnarsson and McCloskey 
is that Linnarsson discloses annealing one or more 
oligonucleotides (i.e., the CDS and/or TSO) each comprising one 
tag sequence, whereas McCloskey discloses annealing an 
oligonucleotide comprising two tag sequences. . . . However, a 
POSA would have found this difference to be trivial because a 
POSA could conceptually divide each of Linnarsson’s cell-tag 
sequence into two portions, wherein the first portion performs 
the function of McCloskey’s “batch-stamp,”, used to track 
individual cells, and the second portion performs the function of 
 
13 The Petition cites to pages 1 and 5 of Exhibit 1004 for these quotes. 
Pet. 38. However, we located the quotes on pages 1 and 2. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
30 
McCloskey’s “barcode”, used to differentiate polynucleotides 
within a cell. 
Ex. 1002 ¶168. 
We are persuaded that such a modification would have resulted in the 
claimed subject matter, including the use of a dual-tag that satisfies 
limitations [1E] and [1F]. 
As alluded to above, Patent Owner argues that the proposed 
modification would complicate satisfaction of limitation [1E], which we 
addressed in the prior section. Specifically, Patent Owner argues that, “in 
attempting to establish obviousness of element [1F], Petitioner and its expert 
improperly abandon their relied-on existing Linnarsson cell-tag (the 
Petition’s ‘first tag’ for elements [1E] and [1H])”). PO Resp. 41. As Patent 
Owner explains it, “Petitioner cannot rely on disclosure in one reference to 
cover a limitation, and then reverse course and modify that same disclosure 
using another reference in a subsequent limitation.” Id. at 43. 
Patent Owner’s argument is not persuasive. Petitioner is not reversing 
course or abandoning its reliance on Linnarsson’s cell tag. Petitioner is 
proposing a modification to Linnarsson’s cell tag such that it would be 
conceptually divided into two sequences that carry out the same functions as 
McCloskey’s batch stamp and bar code. Pet. 43; Ex. 1002 ¶168. 
 
Further, and as discussed below in Sections II.E.(9) and (10), we are 
persuaded that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have had a 
sufficient reason to make the modification and a reasonable expectation of 
success in doing so. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
31 
7. [1G] “(c) sequencing the tagged polynucleotide to 
determine the sample sequence, the first tag sequence, 
and the second tag sequence” 
Petitioner argues that “Linnarsson teaches that after generating the 
tagged polynucleotides, ‘sequencing is performed’ thereon.” Pet. 44 
(quoting Ex. 1003, 4:12). Petitioner further argues that a person of ordinary 
skill in the art “would have understood that such sequencing is performed on 
the entire tagged polynucleotide, which includes the sample sequence and 
both tag sequences.” Pet. 44 (emphasis added) (citing Ex. 1002 ¶176). 
Petitioner directs us to additional portions of Linnarsson that discuss 
sequencing, including its teaching that the generated “cDNA library can be 
sequenced to provide an analysis of gene expression in single cells or in a 
plurality of single cells.” Ex. 1003, 21:24–25 (cited at Pet. 44); see also Ex. 
1003, 19:28–32, 21:13–25 (cited at Pet. 44). 
Patent Owner disputes that Linnarsson teaches sequencing of an entire 
tagged polynucleotide and instead teaches sequencing of only portions or 
fragments of tagged polynucleotides. PO Resp. 26–32. One might 
reasonably assume, based on those arguments, that Patent Owner construes 
the limitation to require sequencing the entire tagged polynucleotide. But 
Patent Owner does not. Patent Owner’s position, which we explain in more 
detail below, is a curious one. It is not persuasive. 
In the Patent Owner Response, Patent Owner argues that Petitioner 
has not shown that Linnarsson teaches sequencing the entirety of cDNA 
molecules and has shown only that Linnarsson teaches sequencing of 
fragments of the cDNA molecules. According to Patent Owner, 
Petitioner ignores that Linnarsson’s disclosed STRT method (the 
process on which Petitioner relies, supra, 6–7) sequences only 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
32 
the “5' fragment” and fails to address whether or how 
“sequencing is [or would be] performed on the entire tagged 
polynucleotide,” or whether or how sequencing only the “5' 
fragment” (i.e., what Linnarsson actually discloses) is sufficient 
to satisfy Petitioner’s argument for meeting the claim element. 
PO Resp. 26–27 (alterations in original) (citing Ex. 2013 ¶59); see also PO 
Resp. 27 (“Petitioner’s own citations fail to show Linnarsson discloses 
sequencing the entirety of the ‘tagged polynucleotide.’”). 
In its Reply, Petitioner maintains that Linnarsson, in fact, teaches 
sequencing the entire[ty] of tagged polynucleotides. See, e.g., Pet. Reply 5 
(“Patent Owner’s contention that Linnarsson does not disclose sequencing 
“entire” polynucleotides . . . is based on the mistaken view that Linnarsson 
requires the fragmentation approach of Figure 11,” which it does not.). We 
need not find whether it does, however, because Petitioner persuasively 
argues that the “sequencing” limitation does not require sequencing of an 
entire tagged polynucleotide. Pet. Reply 5 (citing Ex. 1070 ¶¶23–32, 77–92; 
Ex. 1069, 12:12–19, 67:16–22, 68:16–17:2; Ex. 1071, 75:3–7, 78:15–24, 
80:8–19, 171:24–172:19, 173:8–20). 
Indeed, Patent Owner does not argue that the “sequencing” limitation 
requires sequencing of an entire tagged polynucleotide. PO Sur-reply 4–5; 
Tr. 27:22–23 (Counsel for Petitioner confirming “we’ve never argued” that 
the limitation requires sentencing the entire tagged polynucleotide). Rather, 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner’s sole argument for disclosure of the 
sequencing limitation” is that Linnarsson discloses sequencing the entire 
polynucleotide. PO Sur-reply 4. In Patent Owner’s view, any reliance by 
Petitioner on sequencing less than an entire and unfragmented tagged 
polynucleotides constitutes a new and improper argument. See id. at 5 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
33 
(“Petitioner is foreclosed from starting over now with improper new 
arguments for this limitation.”). We disagree with Patent Owner’s 
characterization of Petitioner’s argument. 
It cannot be disputed that Linnarsson explicitly teaches “sequencing is 
performed” on tagged polynucleotides after they are amplified, as set forth 
in the following disclosure: 
Figure l, panels A–F, show an overview of a method of 
analyzing gene expression in a plurality of single cells. (A) the 
tissue of interest is dissected; (B) a plurality of single cells are 
selected; (C) single cells are placed in separate wells of a 96-well 
plate and lysed; tagged reverse transcription is performed on 
each sample to produce cDNA; (D) cDNA samples are pooled 
and amplified; (E) sequencing is performed to obtain 100 million 
reads; and (F) identification of expressed genes and identification 
of cells from which they originated. 
Ex. 1003, 4:8–13 (emphasis added). Nor can it be disputed that Petitioner 
cited this very disclosure as teaching limitation [1G]. See Pet. 44 
(“Linnarsson teaches that after generating the tagged polynucleotides, 
‘sequencing is performed’ thereon. See EX1003 at 4:8–13.”). This alone 
adequately supports Petitioner’s challenge, and it is not a new or improper 
argument. 
8. [1H] “(d) using the first tag sequence and the second 
tag sequence to count a number of sample 
polynucleotides in said plurality of sample 
polynucleotides of said cell.” 
As discussed above, Petitioner proposes that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art would have combined Linnarsson’s and McCloskey’s teachings 
such “that the cell-tag sequence in Linnarsson would be conceptually 
divided into two portions: one that codes for the unique cell and one that 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
34 
codes for the unique molecule.” Pet. 43. In relation to limitation [1H], 
Petitioner argues that “McCloskey discloses that these tags allow the precise 
count of sample polynucleotides in each sample single-cell to be 
determined.” Pet. 45. In support, Petitioner quotes McCloskey’s teaching 
that “counting sequences with nonredundant barcodes provides a 
quantitative measure of template diversity.” Id. (quoting Ex. 1004, 6). 
Petitioner also offers Dr. Cooper’s testimony that “tagging and counting 
nucleic acid molecules were well-known” before the claimed invention. Ex. 
1002 ¶79. Dr. Cooper’s testimony in that regard is founded, in part, on the 
’197 patent stating that “[a]ny convenient method for tagging and/or 
counting individual nucleic acid molecules with unique tags may be 
employed” and citing prior art patents and applications purportedly 
disclosing such methods of tagging and counting. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 
22:38–45). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[1H]. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that it does. 
9. Reason To Combine 
“[A] patent composed of several elements is not proved obvious 
merely by demonstrating that each of its elements was, independently, 
known in the prior art.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 418 
(2007). “[I]t can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted 
a person of ordinary skill in the relevant field to combine the elements in the 
way the claimed new invention does.” Id.; see also In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 
977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (“[R]ejections on obviousness grounds cannot be 
sustained by mere conclusory statements; instead, there must be some 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
35 
articulated reasoning with some rational underpinning to support the legal 
conclusion of obviousness”). 
Petitioner argues that “[i]t would have been obvious to combine 
Linnarsson’s methods of cDNA library preparation and analyzing tagged 
nucleic acids with McCloskey’s teachings to use an encoding 
oligonucleotide comprising a second tag sequence that distinguishes sample 
polynucleotides derived from the same single cell” and presents two 
rationales in support. Pet. 38–39. First, Petitioner argues that doing so 
would have been an obvious design choice. Id. at 39–40. Second, Petitioner 
argues a skilled artisan would have made the combination because 
Linnarsson discloses a problem, PCR-induced amplification bias, for which 
McCloskey teaches a solution. Id. at 40–42. As discussed below, we find 
each of these rationales independently sufficient to support the proposed 
modification. 
a) Obvious Design Choice 
The Supreme Court has “set forth an expansive and flexible approach” 
to “the question of obviousness” under 35 U.S.C. § 103. KSR, 550 U.S. at 
415. In KSR, the Supreme Court held the following: 
When a work is available in one field of endeavor, design 
incentives and other market forces can prompt variations of it, 
either in the same field or a different one. If a person of ordinary 
skill can implement a predictable variation, § 103 likely bars its 
patentability. For the same reason, if a technique has been used 
to improve one device, and a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would recognize that it would improve similar devices in the 
same way, using the technique is obvious unless its actual 
application is beyond his or her skill. [The relevant question is] 
whether the improvement is more than the predictable use of 
prior art elements according to their established functions. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
36 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417; see also Uber Techs., Inc. v. X One, Inc., 957 F.3d 
1334, 1338 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (quoting the same excerpt from KSR and 
referring to it as a “discussion of design choices and predictable variations”). 
Here, Petitioner argues that “using an oligonucleotide comprising a 
second tag to distinguish sample polynucleotides derived from the same 
single cell would have been an obvious design choice” in view of 
McCloskey’s teaching of an encoding oligonucleotide with two tags and the 
fact that both references relate to tagging and amplifying polynucleotides for 
genetic analysis. Pet. 39–40 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶168). Indeed, Linnarsson 
teaches the use of an encoding oligonucleotide with one tag sequence for 
correlating tagged polynucleotides according to one feature (cell origin), and 
McCloskey teaches the use of an encoding oligonucleotide with two tag 
sequences for correlating tagged polynucleotides according to two features 
(sample origin and polynucleotide). Ex. 1003, 4; Ex. 1004, 2. 
Patent Owner does not show that the proposed modification would 
have been beyond the level of skill in the art. Nor does Patent Owner show 
that the modification would have resulted in anything beyond what would 
have been predicted based on these prior art teachings. In fact, the Patent 
Owner Response does not even address Petitioner’s design choice rationale. 
PO Resp. 32–40. 
We find Petitioner’s unrebutted rationale of obvious design choice 
persuasive. 
b) Solving Amplification Bias 
Although we find Petitioner’s “design choice” rationale adequate, we 
also address Petitioner’s additional rationale that a skilled artisan would 
have made the combination because Linnarsson discloses a problem, 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
37 
PCR-induced amplification bias, for which McCloskey teaches a solution. 
Pet. 40–42 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶91–93, 164–167; Ex. 1003, 2:3–15, 11:6–10; 
Ex. 1004, Abstract). Indeed, Linnarsson explicitly states “there is potential 
amplification bias” in its described methods. Ex. 1003, 2:12–13; see also id. 
at 11:6–10 (describing a way to reduce the amount of amplification needed 
and thus also reduce the amount amplification bias). And, McCloskey 
teaches that its method of using batch-stamps and barcodes “solve[s] th[e] 
source-uncertainty problem for DNA sequences generated by standard 
PCR,” which can be caused by “contamination, biased amplification, and 
product redundancy.” Ex. 1004, Abstr. 
Patent Owner argues that the amplification bias rationale “[f]ails” 
because the proposed modification would not actually solve the problem of 
amplification bias. PO Resp. 32. This is so, Patent Owner explains, because 
“McCloskey does not have enough barcodes to tag each mRNA molecule of 
Linnarsson.” Id. at 34 (emphasis omitted). Thus, according to Patent 
Owner, it “would be impossible, using McCloskey’s 7-nucleotide barcode 
(amounting to only 16,348 unique barcodes), to distinguish the 50,000 – 
300,000 mRNA molecules Petitioner admits POSITA would have expected 
to be present in the cell.” Id. at 35. 
Petitioner replies that (1) Linnarsson is not limited to mammalian 
cells, (2) neither the claims of the ’197 patent nor Petitioner’s rationale 
requires all of the mRNAs present in a cell to be tagged, and (3) 
McCloskey’s disclosure is not limited to 16,384 unique barcodes. Pet. 
Reply. 8–12. We agree with Petitioner on all accounts as discussed below. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
38 
(1) 
Linnarsson is not Limited to Mammalian Cells 
Petitioner argues that neither the claims of the ’197 patent nor the 
disclosure of Linnarsson is limited to mammalian cells. Pet. Reply 6. 
Petitioner quotes Linnarsson’s disclosure that, “in general, cells from any 
population can be used in the methods, such as a population of prokaryotic 
or eukaryotic single celled organisms including bacteria or yeast.” Id. at 9 
(quoting Ex. 1003, 13:14–16). Petitioner also cites to Dr. Cooper’s 
testimony regarding various bacteria that are known to “contain only a little 
over 1,000” different mRNA molecules. Id. (citing Ex. 1070 ¶¶121–122). 
Patent Owner argues that “the Petition repeatedly relied on eukaryotic 
cells” from Linnarsson and thus it is improper for the Petitioner, in its Reply, 
to rely on yeast or bacteria.14 PO Sur-reply 14–15 (citing Pet. 28, 31–35). 
Neither of Patent Owner’s citations to the Petition adequately supports its 
argument. 
Page 28 of the Petition states that “Linnarsson explains that the 
sample of single cells can take various forms.” Pet. 28 (emphasis added). 
Further, page 28 of the Petition quotes Linnarsson’s disclosure that the 
single cells may be obtained from, among other sources, a “cell culture,” 
which term certainly would be understood to not exclude bacteria. Id. 
(quoting Ex. 1003, 13:11–12). 
Pages 31 to 35 of the Petition discuss Figures 2, 3 and 11 of 
Linnarsson. Pet. 31–35. Patent Owner states that these figures “analyzed 
 
14 Patent Owner’s argument is not factually persuasive. Also, it is not 
logical given that yeast is eukaryotic. See Ex. 1071, 131:6–7 (Patent 
Owner’s declarant, Dr. Quackenbush, testifying on cross-examination in 
related IPR2023-00876 that yeast is eukaryotic). 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
39 
eukaryotic (mouse) cells.” PO Sur-reply 14 (citing Ex. 1003, 10:12, 23:20, 
31:3, 37:16). However, the Petition’s discussion of these figures does not 
mention mouse or eukaryotic cells. Nor does Linnarsson limit Figures 2, 3, 
and 11 to mouse or eukaryotic cells. In fact, Linnarsson states that its 
“figures are intended to illustrate broad concepts of the invention by 
reference to representative examples for ease of discussion.” Ex. 1003, 4:4–
5. Linnarsson indisputably is not limited to mouse or eukaryotic cells. See 
Id. at 13:14–16 (“[I]n general, cells from any population can be used in the 
methods, such as a population of prokaryotic or eukaryotic single celled 
organisms including bacteria or yeast.”). 
The Petition’s discussion of the cells in Linnarsson is not limited to 
mice, mammals, or even eukaryotes. Instead, in multiple instances, the 
Petition discusses cells used in Linnarsson generically without limiting them 
to any particular kingdom, class, or species. For example, the Petition 
introduces Linnarsson as “disclos[ing] a method of preparing a cDNA 
library for sequencing by appending unique oligonucleotide sequences, or 
‘tags,’ to cDNA samples originating from a plurality of cells.” Pet. 16 
(citing Ex. 1003, 10:15–22). Further, the disclosure of Linnarsson, to which 
the Petition cites in support, repeatedly refers to “cells” without any 
qualification. Ex. 1003, 10:15–22. 
In sum, Linnarsson is not limited to mammalian or eukaryotic cells. 
Nor is the Petition’s reliance on Linnarsson limited to mammalian or 
eukaryotic cells. 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
40 
(2) 
Not all of the Polynucleotides Present in a Cell 
must be Tagged 
Petitioner argues that, “even assuming the claims required tagging 
mRNA from a mammalian cell, they do not require tagging all the mRNA 
molecules in such a cell.” Pet. Reply 10. Patent Owner concedes that 
claim 1 (and other claims) do not require tagging all of the polynucleotides 
(e.g., mRNA) but interprets Petitioner’s obviousness challenge as being 
premised on it. See PO Sur-reply 17 (“While the claims don’t require 
‘tagging all the mRNA molecules’ ([Pet Reply] 10), Petitioner’s stated 
theory does to motivate combining with McCloskey. [PO Resp.] 32–37.”). 
It is not. 
In attempting to prove its point, Patent Owner relies on Petitioner’s 
argument that a person of ordinary skill in the art “would’ve been motivated 
to tag ‘each sample polynucleotide’ to resolve amplification bias.” PO Sur-
reply 17 (citing Pet. 41–43). However, each sample polynucleotide is not 
the same as each polynucleotide or all polynucleotides. And, consistent with 
the Petition, Dr. Cooper does not state that all polynucleotides within a cell 
must be differentiated. See Ex. 1002 ¶168 (testifying that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art “could conceptually divide each of Linnarsson’s cell-
tag sequence into two portions, wherein . . . the second portion performs the 
function of McCloskey’s ‘barcode’, used to differentiate polynucleotides 
within a cell.” Ex. 1002 ¶168 (emphasis added)). 
 Indeed, in district court, Patent Owner conceded that “‘sample 
polynucleotides’ are the polynucleotides in a cell that are being sampled 
(i.e., the polynucleotides of interest), not all polynucleotides of that cell.” 
Ex. 1072, 23 (emphasis added). Patent Owner further cautioned that, “[t]o 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
41 
argue that ‘sample polynucleotides’ means every polynucleotide of the cell 
would rewrite the claim and replace ‘sample’ with ‘all.’” Id. at 24. Yet, that 
is essentially what Patent Owner is doing with Petitioner’s reason to 
combine—replacing the words “each sample” with “all.” 
Still, Patent Owner argues that Dr. Cooper, in addressing dependent 
claim 25, equates “sample polynucleotides” of a cell with “substantially all 
mRNA molecules of said cell.” PO Resp. 18 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶222). Claim 
25, as will be discussed below, depends from claim 1 and recites that “said 
plurality of sample polynucleotides comprises substantially all mRNA 
molecules of said cell.” Ex. 1001, 32:20–22. Patent Owner’s citation to 
paragraph 222 of Dr. Cooper’s testimony conflates Petitioner’s position 
regarding how the combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey results in 
claim 25 (as well as claim 1) with its reason for combining Linnarsson and 
McCloskey. 
In paragraph 222, Dr. Cooper did not testify that the combination must 
result in all polynucleotides being tagged, as argued by Patent Owner. 
Ex. 1002 ¶222. And, in the preceding paragraph, Dr. Cooper testified that 
“Linnarsson describes that the plurality of sample polynucleotides may 
comprise mRNA molecules” and “[i]t is my opinion that Linnarsson also 
teaches that said plurality of sample polynucleotides can comprise 
substantially all mRNA molecules of said cell.” Id. ¶221. 
In sum, Patent Owner’s characterization of the Petition’s reason to 
combine is erroneous and, thus, Patent Owner’s arguments against the 
Petition’s reason to combine are not persuasive. Neither claim 1 nor 
Petitioner’s rationale requires all of the polynucleotides present in a cell to 
be tagged. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
42 
(3) 
McCloskey is not Limited to 16,384 Unique 
Barcodes 
Petitioner argues that McCloskey’s disclosure is not limited to 16,384 
barcodes. Pet. Reply 10–11. Petitioner is correct, as McCloskey states the 
following: 
The number of distinguishable barcodes in a population of 
oligonucleotides used in a reaction is determined by the number 
of random bases, n. This enables one to distinguish among 4n 
allele copies per reaction. We currently use seven nucleotides 
for the barcode, giving 16,384 possible barcodes for each 
encoding oligonucleotide. 
Ex. 1004, 4. Not only is McCloskey not limited to 16,384 possible 
barcodes, it teaches precisely how to manipulate that number as needed. Id. 
In fact, McCloskey’s authors/researchers stress that using seven nucleotides 
is what they “currently use.” Id. (emphasis added). 
In its Sur-reply, Patent Owner does not dispute that McCloskey 
teaches how to increase the number of possible barcodes. Instead, Patent 
Owner argues that “Petitioner Relied Only on McCloskey’s Seven-
Nucleotide Barcode” and using more nucleotides for the barcodes 
constitutes a “new argument” that “should have been ‘presented earlier . . . 
to make out a prima facie case of unpatentability.’” PO Sur-reply 20–21 
(quoting Juniper Networks, Inc. v. Swarm Tech. LLC, No. IPR2021-01445, 
Paper 62, at 28–29 (Feb. 7, 2023)). We disagree. 
In making the argument that “Petitioner Relied Only on 
McCloskey’s Seven-Nucleotide Barcode,” Patent Owner does not cite 
directly to anything in the Petition that supports it. PO Sur-reply 20. 
Instead, Patent Owner cites to paragraph 168 of Dr. Cooper’s declaration, in 
which Dr. Cooper testified, among other things, that a skilled artisan “could 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
43 
have conceptually designated the first 6-8 nucleotides of Linnarsson’s cell-
tag sequence to identify the single-cell origin of the tagged polynucleotide, 
and use the next 7 nucleotides to distinguish the tagged polynucleotide from 
other one from the same single cell.” Ex. 1002 ¶168. Patent Owner points 
out that page 43 of the Petition cites to paragraph 168 of Exhibit 1002. PO 
Sur-reply 20. However, page 43 of the Petition does not refer to the second 
sequence (or barcode) being seven nucleotides, let alone limit the sequence 
to that number. See Pet. 43 (“A POSA would have understood that 
Linnarsson’s oligonucleotide tags—CDS or TSO—could be modified 
through routine methods to incorporate a second tag sequence to uniquely 
identify each sample polynucleotide according to McCloskey’s teachings. 
EX1002 ¶ 168.”). Nor did Dr. Cooper box himself into a seven-nucleotide 
second sequence. Rather, Dr. Cooper testified that a skilled artisan “could 
conceptually divide each of Linnarsson’s cell-tag sequence into two 
portions, wherein the first portion performs the function of McCloskey’s 
‘batch-stamp,’, used to track individual cells, and the second portion 
performs the function of McCloskey’s ‘barcode’, used to differentiate 
polynucleotides within a cell,” without making any mention of the barcode 
being seven nucleotides, let alone limited to that. Ex. 1002 ¶168. Dr. 
Cooper then stated “[f]or example,” before opining that the first tag could be 
“6–8 nucleotides” and the second tag could be the “next 7 nucleotides.” Id. 
Petitioner’s argument that the barcode size could be increased as 
needed is based on McCloskey itself and is properly responsive to Patent 
Owner’s argument that 16,384 unique barcodes would not be enough. 
Further, the very reference Petitioner cites for the barcode feature, 
McCloskey, is clear that seven is not mandatory and provides a precise 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
44 
formula for increasing (or decreasing) the number of possible barcodes. Ex. 
1004, 4. 
Neither McCloskey nor Petitioner’s reliance on McCloskey is 
restricted to using barcodes that are seven nucleotides long. 
In sum, we find Petitioner’s rationale that a skilled artisan would have 
made the proposed combination to solve the problem of amplification bias 
persuasive. 
10. Reasonable Expectation of Success 
“[A]n obviousness determination requires not only the existence of a 
motivation to combine elements from different prior art references, but also 
that a skilled artisan would have perceived a reasonable expectation of 
success in making the invention via that combination.” Medichem, 437 F.3d 
at 1165. “While the definition of ‘reasonable expectation’ is somewhat 
vague, [Federal Circuit] case law makes clear that it does not require a 
certainty of success.” Id. 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in making the proposed 
modification because Linnarsson and McCloskey both teach adding 
oligonucleotides comprising a tag to polynucleotides, with the difference 
being that McCloskey’s oligonucleotide comprises two tag sequences, 
whereas Linnarsson’s has only one tag sequence. Pet. 42–43 (citing Ex. 
1003, 19:5–10; Ex. 1004, 2); see also Ex. 1002 ¶168 (Dr. Cooper testifying 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art “would have found this difference to 
be trivial”). Petitioner argues that the person of ordinary skill in the art 
“would have understood that Linnarsson’s tagged oligonucleotides—CDS or 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
45 
TSO—could be modified through routine methods to incorporate a second 
tag to uniquely identify each sample polynucleotide according to 
McCloskey’s teachings.” Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶168). According to 
Petitioner, the proposed modification “would be identical to the approach 
already set forth in Linnarsson, except that the cell-tag sequence in 
Linnarsson would be conceptually divided into two portions: one that codes 
for the unique cell and one that codes for the unique molecule.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶169). The cited testimony of Dr. Cooper indeed supports the 
argument. Ex. 1002 ¶¶168–169. 
Patent Owner argues that there would not have been a reasonable 
expectation of success “of tagging each sample polynucleotide—i.e., all the 
mRNA molecules in a sample—by incorporating McCloskey’s barcode into 
Linnarsson because McCloskey would not have provided enough unique 
barcodes to do so.” PO Resp. 40. Patent Owner also argues that there 
would not have been a reasonable expectation of success “of sequencing ‘the 
plurality of tagged nucleotides’ in [Petitioner’s] combination for the reasons 
described above in connection with the ‘sequencing’ limitation analysis.” 
Id. at 41. Neither of these are arguments is persuasive because, as discussed 
above, these arguments are based on erroneous claim constructions that 
neither party has advanced, as well as an erroneous interpretation of the 
Petition and McCloskey’s teachings. 
Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation 
of success in combining the teachings of Linnarsson and McCloskey as 
proposed and resulting in the subject matter of claim 1. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
46 
11. Conclusion as to Claim 1 
We conclude that claim 1 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented.15 
F. Ground 1: Dependent Claims 
Each of claims 2–4, 6–11, 20, and 23–25 depends from claim 1. 
Ex. 1001, 30:40–32:25. Petitioner argues the proposed modification of 
Linnarsson in view of McCloskey, as already discussed above in relation to 
claim 1, includes each of the additional limitations recited in these 
dependent claims. Pet. 46–55. We address each claim below. 
1. Claim 2 
Claim 2 recites “wherein the method further comprises amplifying the 
plurality of tagged polynucleotides prior to the sequencing step (c).” Ex. 
1001, 30:40–42. For this limitation, Petitioner directs us to Linnarsson’s 
disclosure that tagged cDNA samples are pooled and amplified and then 
“sequencing is performed to obtain 100 million reads.” Ex. 1003, 4:11–12 
(cited at Pet. 46). Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically 
directed to claim 2, relying exclusively on its dependence from claim 1. See 
PO Resp. 46–47 (arguing only claims 8, 23, 24, and 25 separately from 
claim 1). 
 
15 “[E]vidence rising out of the so-called ‘secondary considerations’ must 
always when present be considered en route to a determination of 
obviousness.” Stratoflex, Inc. v. Aeroquip Corp., 713 F.2d 1530, 1538 (Fed. 
Cir. 1983). The record before us, however, lacks any secondary 
considerations evidence. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
47 
We conclude that claim 2 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
2. Claims 3 and 4 
Claim 3 recites “wherein the plurality of sample polynucleotides is 
selected from DNA and RNA.” Ex. 1001, 30:43–44. Claim 4 recites 
“wherein the plurality of sample polynucleotides comprises mRNA.” Id. at 
40:45–46. For these limitations, Petitioner directs us to Linnarsson’s 
disclosure of sample polynucleotides being mRNA. Pet. 46 (citing Ex. 
1003, 3:26–27); see also id. at 47 (claim 4 analysis relying on claim 3 
analysis). Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically 
directed to claim 3 or claim 4, relying exclusively on their dependence from 
claim 1. PO Resp. 46–47. 
We conclude that claims 3 and 4 would have been obvious over 
Linnarsson and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence 
presented. 
3. Claim 6 
Claim 6 recites “wherein an oligonucleotide tag of said plurality of 
oligonucleotide tags comprises said first tag sequence and said second tag 
sequence.” Ex. 1001, 30:50–52. For this limitation, Petitioner directs us to 
what it has already demonstrated above in connection with claim 1, namely 
that McCloskey teaches an encoding oligonucleotide with two sequences 
and that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have “use[d] the approach 
of McCloskey and conceptually divide Linnarsson’s tag sequence . . . into 
two portions.” Pet. 47. Patent Owner does not present any arguments 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
48 
specifically directed to claim 6, relying exclusively on its dependence from 
claim 1. PO Resp. 46–47. 
We conclude that claim 6 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
4. Claim 7 
Claim 7 recites “wherein an oligonucleotide tag of said plurality of 
oligonucleotide tags comprises a sequence that is configured to hybridize to 
said sample polynucleotide.” Ex. 1001, 30:53–56. For this limitation, 
Petitioner directs us to Linnarsson’s teaching of a CDS including a cell tag 
and an RNA complementary sequence that “‘is at least partially 
complementary to one or more RNA in an individual mRNA sample,’ which 
allows the CDS ‘to hybridize to at least some mRNA in an individual 
mRNA sample to direct cDNA synthesis using the mRNA as a template.’” 
Pet. 48 (quoting Ex. 1003, 15:2–6). 
Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically directed to 
claim 7, relying exclusively on its dependence from claim 1. PO Resp. 46–
47. 
We conclude that claim 7 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
5. Claim 8 
Claim 8 recites “wherein the plurality of tagged polynucleotides is 
generated by (i) hybridizing an oligonucleotide tag of said plurality of 
oligonucleotide tags to said sample polynucleotide and (ii) extending said 
oligonucleotide tag or said sample polynucleotide or both.” Ex. 1001, 
30:57–61. For this limitation, Petitioner directs us to Linnarsson’s teaching 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
49 
of a CDS that “includes a sequence of thymines that hybridizes with a 
sequence of adenines making up the poly-A tail of the template mRNA 
strand (i.e. ‘said sample polynucleotide’)” and “further teaches extending the 
CDS using a reverse transcriptase enzyme.” Pet. 49 (citing Ex. 1003, 5:29–
31, 15:1–6, 16:10–15, 16:22–26, 18:19–24, Figs. 2, 11). Petitioner’s claim 8 
analysis does not mention Linnarsson’s TSO. Id. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s reliance on only Linnarsson’s 
CDS but not its TSO “is incompatible with Petitioner’s primary theory to the 
extent it relies on the ‘conceptually divided’ tag being inserted into 
Linnarsson’s TSO, and Petitioner’s ‘alternativ[e]’ theory, which requires 
there be a tag in both the CDS and TSO.” PO Resp. 46 (citing Pet. 43, 49). 
In its Reply, Petitioner points out that Patent Owner does not dispute 
Petitioner’s arguments as to Linnarsson’s CDS. Pet. Reply 15.16 Petitioner 
also points out that Dr. Quackenbush conceded “that ‘hybridization using a 
label’ is a conventional technique in the ’197 patent.” Id. (citing Ex. 1069 at 
31:9–32:3); see also Ex. 1001, 13:37–40 (“Such conventional techniques 
include polymer array synthesis, hybridization, ligation, and detection of 
hybridization using a label.”). 
In its Sur-reply, Patent Owner offers nothing further as to claim 8. In 
other words, all Patent Owner offers as to claim 8 is that the Petition 
addressed satisfaction of the limitation via Linnarsson’s CDS only, and not 
 
16 In its Reply, Petitioner argues that Linnarsson’s TSO (in addition to its 
CDS) could be hybridized to the sample polynucleotide and extended. Pet. 
Reply 15. Petitioner’s attempted reliance on Linnarsson’s TSO to meet the 
limitation added by claim 8 is a new argument, which we will not consider. 
See Pet. 49 (relying only on Linnarsson’s TSO for claim 8). 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
50 
also via its TSO. Such does not rebut Petitioner’s clear evidence of 
obviousness of the subject matter of claim 8. 
We conclude that claim 8 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
6. Claims 9 and 10 
Claim 9 recites “wherein the plurality of tagged polynucleotides is 
generated through at least one linear amplification reaction.” Ex. 1001, 
30:62–64. Claim 10 recites “wherein the plurality of tagged polynucleotides 
is generated through at least one reverse transcription reaction.” Id. at 
30:65–67. For these limitations, Petitioner directs us to Linnarsson’s 
teaching of performing reverse transcription on sample mRNA molecules to 
generate cDNA molecules and Dr. Cooper’s testimony that reverse 
transcription is a type of linear amplification. Pet. 49–50 (citing Ex. 1003, 
3:25–30, 22:24–26, 14:9–32; Ex. 1002 ¶202. 
Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically directed to 
claim 9 or claim 10, relying exclusively on their dependence from claim 1. 
PO Resp. 46–47. 
We conclude that claims 9 and 10 would have been obvious over 
Linnarsson and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence 
presented. 
7. Claim 11 
Claim 11 depends from claim 1 and recites “wherein the plurality of 
tagged polynucleotides is generated through at least one polymerase chain 
reaction (PCR).” Ex. 1001, 31:1–3. For this limitation, Petitioner directs us 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
51 
to Linnarsson’s teaching of employing PCR amplification. Pet. 50 (quoting 
Ex. 1003, 10:18–22, 20:3–6). 
Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically directed to 
claim 11, relying exclusively on its dependence from claim 1. PO Resp. 46–
47. 
We conclude that claim 11 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
8. Claim 20 
Claim 20 depends from claim 1 and recites “wherein said plurality of 
sample polynucleotides are randomly associated with said plurality of 
oligonucleotide tags to generate said plurality of tagged polynucleotides.” 
Ex. 1001, 32:1–4. For this limitation, Petitioner argues that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art “would understand that by adding the 
oligonucleotide tags to a mixture containing sample polynucleotides under 
the conditions disclosed in Linnarsson, the tags would randomly associate 
with the sample polynucleotides to generate the plurality of tagged 
polynucleotides.” Pet. 51 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶210; Ex. 1007, 2); see also 
Ex. 1007, 2 (“hybridization of DNA molecules with identical sequences is 
competitive and therefore, the tags are selected randomly”). 
Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically directed to 
claim 20, relying exclusively on its dependence from claim 1. PO Resp. 46–
47. 
We conclude that claim 20 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
52 
9. Claims 23 and 24 
Claim 23 depends from claim 1 and recites “wherein step (d) 
comprises using said first tag sequence to distinguish (i) the number of 
sample polynucleotides having said sample sequence from said cell from (ii) 
the number of sample polynucleotides having said sample sequence from 
other cells.” Ex. 1001, 32:9–14. Claim 24 depends from claim 1 and recites 
“wherein step (d) comprises determining the number of different second tag 
sequences associated with said sample sequence, thereby estimating the 
number of sample polynucleotides having said sample sequence from said 
cell.” Id. at 32:15–19. Petitioner argues that the proposed combination of 
Linnarsson and McCloskey satisfies the additional subject matter recited in 
these claims. Pet. 52–54. In that regard, Petitioner argues that the addition 
of the second tag, as taught by McCloskey, facilitates the “distinguishing” 
recited in claim 23 and the “determining” recited in claim 24. Id. (referring 
back to the Petition’s analysis of claim 1 and citing Ex. 1002 ¶215). 
Patent Owner responds by referring back its own claim 1 arguments, 
stating, “[a]s explained above, Petitioner’s combination does not provide 
enough second tags to tag ‘each’ or ‘substantially every’ mRNA molecule in 
the cells Petitioner identifies.” PO Resp. 46–47. Patent Owner’s arguments 
are not persuasive for multiple reasons already discussed above. 
Specifically, Linnarsson is not limited to mammalian or eukaryotic cells; not 
all polynucleotides present must be tagged; and McCloskey is not limited to 
16,384 unique barcodes. 
We conclude that claims 23 and 24 would have been obvious over 
Linnarsson and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence 
presented. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
53 
10. Claim 25 
Claim 25 recites “wherein said plurality of sample polynucleotides 
comprises substantially all mRNA molecules of said cell.” Ex. 1001, 32:20–
22. For this limitation, Petitioner argues that “it would have been obvious to 
tag substantially every sample polynucleotide[] from a cell.” Pet. 55. 
Petitioner further argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art “would 
have understood” that Linnarsson “contemplates the analysis of substantially 
all mRNA molecules of a cell,” as “the purpose of Linnarsson’s method is 
gene expression analysis.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶222; Ex. 1003, 1:11–12, 
1:25–26). Petitioner quotes Linnarsson’s statement that “direct sequencing 
of the all, or parts, of the mRNA content of a tissue is being increasingly 
used.” Id. (quoting Ex. 1003, 1:25–26) (Petitioner’s emphasis)). 
Patent Owner’s argument in response is the same as that for claims 23 
and 24, namely that “Petitioner’s combination does not provide enough 
second tags to tag ‘each’ or ‘substantially every’ mRNA molecule in the 
cells Petitioner identifies.” PO Resp. 46–47. In relation to claim 25, Patent 
Owner’s argument appears commensurate with the scope of the claim. 
However, it remains unpersuasive. As discussed above, Linnarsson is not 
limited to mammalian or eukaryotic cells and instead encompasses 
prokaryotic cells, some of which contain less than 1000 mRNAs according 
to Petitioner’s unrebutted evidence. See Ex. 1070 ¶122 (testifying E. coli 
has “a little over 4,000 genes and ~1,380 mRNA molecules in each cell” and 
Carsonella ruddii has “only 182 genes and will thus have even fewer mRNA 
molecules.”). Moreover, McCloskey is not limited to 16,384 unique 
barcodes and teaches precisely how to increase that number. See Ex. 1004, 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
54 
4 (teaching formula of 4 to the nth power where n is number of nucleotides 
in barcode). 
We conclude that claim 25 would have been obvious over Linnarsson 
and McCloskey as asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
G. Ground II 
In Ground II, Petitioner argues that claims 5, 12, 21, 22, and 26 would 
have been obvious over Linnarsson, McCloskey, and the knowledge of a 
person of ordinary skill in the art. Pet. 4–5. 
1. Claim 5 
Claim 5 depends from claim 1 and recites “wherein the plurality of 
tagged polynucleotides is generated through at least one ligation reaction.” 
Ex. 1001, 30:47–79. For this limitation, Petitioner relies on a further 
modification of Linnarsson and McCloskey. 
Petitioner argues that it would have “a simple and obvious design 
choice with a reasonable expectation of success” to ligate (as opposed to 
hybridizing) an oligonucleotide comprising tag sequences to Linnarsson’s 
CDS or TSO. Pet. 56. This is so, according to the Petition, because “it was 
well-known and routine in the art to attach tag sequences to other sequences 
by ligation.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶225). In addition to citing Dr. Cooper’s 
testimony on that point, the Petition points to admissions in the ’197 patent. 
Id. For example, the ’197 patent states: 
The practice of the present invention may employ, unless 
otherwise indicated, conventional techniques and descriptions of 
organic chemistry, polymer technology, molecular biology 
(including recombinant techniques), cell biology, biochemistry, 
and immunology, which are within the skill of the art. Such 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
55 
conventional techniques include polymer array synthesis, 
hybridization, ligation, and detection of hybridization using a 
label. 
Ex. 1001, 13:32–39 (emphasis added). The ’197 patent lists nine references 
that describe ligation reactions and incorporates them by reference. Id. at 
6:23–25 (“A variety of template-driven ligation reactions are described in 
the following references, which are incorporated by reference.”). The 
Petition also directs us to positions Patent Owner took in litigation involving 
other patents. See Pet. 57 (“Patent Owner stated with respect to the Fodor 
Patents, for instance, that ‘the specification admits that “in one 
embodiment” of the invention “the label-tag is attached by ligation” and that 
“methods of ligation will be known to those of skill in the art.”’” (quoting 
Ex. 1007, 11–12)). 
Petitioner further argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
“would have had a reasonable expectation of success in ligating a second 
sequence to Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO” and that “it would have been 
obvious to do this by using a linker molecule” in view of Hug.17 Pet. 57–58 
(citing Ex. 1007, 8; Ex. 1002 ¶¶228–229). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s ligation theory is unclear, 
improperly relies on art not listed in Ground 2, lacks sufficient motivation,18 
 
17 Hubert Hug et al., Measurement of Number of Molecules of a Single 
mRNA Species in a Complex mRNA Preparation, 221 J. THEOR. BIO., 
615-624 (2003) (Ex. 1007, “Hug”). 
18 The Patent Owner Response inadvertently states the opposite, but it is 
clear to us that Patent Owner intended to argue a lack of motivation. See PO 
Resp. 49 (“Petitioner’s claim 5 argument fails because it provide a sufficient 
motivations to ligate a tag.”). 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
56 
and lacks a reasonable expectation of success. PO Resp. 48–68. We 
disagree, as discussed next. 
a) 
Petitioner Ligation Theory is Not Unclear 
Patent Owner argues “Petitioner’s ligation theory is unclear.” PO 
Resp. 49. Patent Owner directs us to certain cross-examination testimony of 
Dr. Cooper, but fails to explain how it demonstrates a lack of clarity. Id. 
(citing Ex. 2020, 41:22–44:20). We find the proposed modification to be 
clear; the second tag sequence is added by ligation. See Pet 57 (“Given the 
undisputedly well-known and routine nature of ligation to attach label tags to 
polynucleotides, a POSA would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success in ligating a second sequence to Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO.”). 
Further, we have reviewed the cross-examination testimony of Dr. Cooper 
that is cited by Patent Owner. We find it consistent with the modification as 
proposed in the Petition and reproduce it below. 
[Counsel for Patent Owner:] And that second tag wouldn’t 
already exist in your ground -- or in your Claim 5 theory. Right? 
What I’m trying to get at is, you’re not saying that a POSITA 
would have modified the Ground 1 combination to remove the 
tags from Linnarsson and McCloskey’s CDS and/or TSO? 
[Dr. Cooper:] Correct, it does not involve removing any tags. 
This is talking about essentially making the process a little bit 
modular, where you have one set of tags that are for putting on 
your first cell tag and then another set of tags that – for the 
purpose of keeping your process flexible and weighted and give 
you twice -- to optimize it you keep that second barcoding tag 
which is used to separate molecules in a separate reaction in a 
second step. 
Ex. 2020, 44:5–20. 
In sum, Patent Owner’s argument that “Petitioner’s ligation theory is 
unclear” (PO Resp. 49) is not persuasive. 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
57 
b) Ground 2’s Citations to Additional (Unlisted) 
References Is Not Improper 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner’s Ground 2 combinations 
improperly rely on art not listed in the Grounds to supply limitations in the 
dependent claims and modify the Ground 1 Linnarsson-McCloskey 
combination.” PO Resp. 48. This argument is not persuasive. 
The Petition is clear that, in addition to Linnarsson and McCloskey, 
Ground 2 relies on the knowledge of the skilled artisan. See, e.g., Pet. 55 
(“Claims 5, 12, 21–22, and 26 of the ’197 Patent would have been obvious 
over the combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey, and further in view of 
the knowledge of a POSA.”). To that end, the Petition cites numerous 
evidentiary sources probative of the fact that ligation was well-known, 
routine, and conventional in the art. Those sources include Dr. Cooper’s 
testimony, admissions made in the ’197 patent, prior art references cited in 
the ’197 patent, and prior art references cited in the Petition, including Hug. 
Pet. 56–59. Additionally, Patent Owner’s declarant, Dr. Quackenbush does 
“not contest[] that ligation was a well-known method of attaching 
oligonucleotides.” Ex. 1071, 187:23–25; see also id. at 188:17–8 (“I told 
you earlier ligation was a conventional technique.”), 186:6–9 (“Ligation is a 
method that was known in the art just like PCR was known in the art.”).19 
 
19 More broadly, during his cross-examination, Dr. Quackenbush could not 
describe anything he thought was “inventive” about the claims of the ’197 
patent, stating during his deposition: “I’m not prepared to offer an opinion 
about the inventive concepts in the patent today.” Ex. 1069, 14:1–3. Yet, in 
his declaration, Dr. Quackenbush implies a familiarity with the “invention” 
of the ’197 patent, including a section titled “The ’197 Patent’s Invention.” 
Ex. 2013 ¶¶27–32. In that section, he testifies: “Until inventions such as the 
 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
58 
As to Hug, Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
“could have used Hug’s method as one exemplary method to ligate the 
oligonucleotide comprising the tag sequences to Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO.” 
Pet. 58 (citing Ex. 1007, 9; Ex. 1002 ¶¶228–229). 
Patent Owner does not explain what is allegedly “improper[]” about 
Petitioner’s citation to Hug. PO Resp. 48–49. Patent Owner cites three 
cases, but none of them supports Patent Owner’s position. 
Patent Owner first cites Applied Materials, Inc. v. Demaray LLC, 
No. IPR2021-00103, Paper 52, at 36–42 (June 29, 2022). PO Resp. 48. The 
Board in Applied Materials did not hold, as Patent Owner suggests, that it 
was improper for a petitioner to rely on unlisted references; rather, the Board 
merely held that the petitioner did not explain how its unlisted references 
applied to its unpatentability challenge. See Applied Materials, Paper 52 at 
40 (“Petitioner’s remaining citations to [various unlisted references] do not 
sufficiently explain how such teachings apply to [the primary prior art 
reference’s] system.”). 
Patent Owner next cites DSS Technology Management, Inc. v. Apple 
Inc., 885 F.3d 1367, 1374 (Fed. Cir. 2018), arguing that it “identif[ies] ‘three 
 
’197 Patent, most nucleotide sequencing was performed using 
polynucleotides (e.g., DNA or RNA) from a population of cells in a process 
called bulk analysis.” Id. ¶29 (emphasis added). Near the end of his 
declaration, Dr. Quackenbush “conclude[s] that each of the Challenged 
Claims is not invalid as obvious under 35 U.S.C. § 103.” Id. ¶117. The 
inventiveness (or not) of the claims of the ’197 patent was squarely within 
the scope of Dr. Quackenbush’s direct testimony. His refusal or inability, on 
cross-examination, to identify anything inventive about the claims reinforces 
our ultimate conclusion that they are unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
59 
caveats’ to using common sense in obviousness analysis, warning it is not 
‘typically invoked’ ‘to supply a missing claim limitation’.” PO Resp. 48–49 
(quoting DSS Tech. Mgmt., 885 F.3d at 1374). This holding is inapposite 
here. Petitioner is not relying on common sense to supply the “ligation 
reaction” limitation; Petitioner is arguing, with overwhelming supporting 
evidence, that ligation was well-known, routine, and conventional in the art. 
Finally, Patent Owner cites AI-Site Corporation v. VSI International, 
Inc., 174 F.3d 1308, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 1999), highlighting its holding that, 
“[r]arely, however, will the skill in the art component operate to supply 
missing knowledge or prior art to reach an obviousness judgment.” PO 
Resp. 49 (quoting AI-Site Corp., 174 F.3d at 1324). This holding is 
inapposite here because ligation is not missing from the prior art. Petitioner 
has demonstrated, and Patent Owner cannot reasonably dispute, that ligation 
was known in the art. 
In sum, the Petition’s citation to Hug without identifying it as a 
printed publication upon which Ground 2 is based is not improper. Hug is 
informative of the knowledge of the skilled artisan. 
c) Petitioner Identifies Sufficient Reasons to Combine 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner has not demonstrated a sufficient 
reason why a person of ordinary skill in the art would have ligated a second 
sequence to Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO. PO Resp. 49–51. In advancing this 
argument, however, Patent Owner erroneously characterizes the Petition, 
stating that “Petitioner’s sole purported justification for the Ground 2 
combination is the conclusory assertion that ‘it would allow for added 
flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an experiment.’” Id. at 49–50 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
60 
(emphasis added) (quoting Pet. 58). In fact, the Petition also relied on 
“design choice.” Pet. 56. 
The Petition argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art “would 
have been motivated to utilize this design choice because it would allow for 
added flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an experiment.” Pet. 58 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶230). In support, the Petitioner further states, “[a]s Dr. 
Cooper explains, this approach would be entirely equivalent to the method 
already disclosed by the combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey, except 
that instead of having the tag sequence be part of the CDS or TSO prior to 
extension, the tag sequences are added to the CDS or TSO after extension.” 
Id.; Ex. 1002 ¶¶224–227; see also Ex. 2020, 42:9–15 (Dr. Cooper: “And so 
then the question becomes how does one add the second tag effectively to a 
Linnarsson process. And there’s really only a couple of options. Right? 
There is to build it into the primers they used to make the cDNA or to ligate 
it on after you’ve made that initial cDNA.”). 
Patent Owner does not show that the proposed modification would 
have been beyond the level of skill in the art. Nor does Patent Owner show 
that the modification would have resulted in anything beyond what would 
have been predicted based on these prior art teachings. In fact, the Patent 
Owner Response does not even address Petitioner’s design choice rationale. 
PO Resp. 49–50 (erroneously asserting that the Petition relies solely on 
providing “added flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an 
experiment”). We find Petitioner’s unrebutted rationale of obvious design 
choice persuasive. 
Although we find Petitioner’s “design choice” rationale adequate, we 
also address Petitioner’s additional rationale that a skilled artisan would 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
61 
have made the modification because “it would allow for added flexibility in 
selecting tag sequences during an experiment.” Pet. 58 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶230). Patent Owner argues that this stated benefit is a “conclusory 
assertion” that is “parroted verbatim with no further explanation or evidence 
by its expert.” PO Resp. 50 (citing Pet. 58; Ex. 1002 ¶230). However, Dr. 
Cooper does provide some explanation, testifying: 
A POSA would have understood that such an approach, 
using ligation to add the tag sequences to the CDS and/or TSO, 
would have been entirely equivalent to the method disclosed by 
the combination of Linnarsson and McCloskey. The only 
difference is in the timing: with the combination of Linnarsson 
and McCloskey discussed above, Section XII.A.1, the tag 
sequence is part of the CDS or TSO prior to extension whereas 
by using ligation, the tag sequence is added after extension. 
Using ligation to add the tag after extension would allow for 
increased flexibility in selecting tag sequences during an 
experiment. Thus, a POSA would have understood that using 
ligation was a routine choice and would have been motivated to 
use ligation because of the increased flexibility in tag choice. 
Ex. 1002 ¶230. Thus, Dr. Cooper suggests that the added flexibility stems 
from the different (delayed) timing of selecting tag sequences. 
As Petitioner points out, Patent Owner could have cross-examined Dr. 
Cooper about this testimony but chose not to do so. Pet. Reply 21. Patent 
Owner responds that it was under no obligation to “ask deposition questions 
to enable Petitioner’s expert to volunteer new opinions.” PO Sur-reply 2; 
see also id. at 27 (characterizing Petitioner’s failure to cross-examine 
argument as “improperly flip[ping] the burden” onto Patent Owner). We 
agree that Patent Owner was not obligated to ask any particular questions of 
Dr. Cooper during his deposition. However, Patent Owner’s decision to not 
inquire as to the meaning or further details of the “added flexibility” 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
62 
identified by Dr. Cooper undermines its argument that it has been deprived 
of the same. 
In sum, although the Petition does not elaborate as to the details of the 
“added flexibility,” the Petition clearly identified it as a benefit, citing Dr. 
Cooper’s testimony as its evidentiary support. Patent Owner has not 
rebutted that it is a benefit. 
d) Petitioner Has Demonstrated a Reasonable 
Expectation of Success 
Petitioner argues that a person or ordinary skill in the art “would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in ligating a second sequence to 
Linnarsson’s CDS or TSO” due to “the undisputedly well-known and 
routine nature of ligation to attach label tags to polynucleotides.” Pet. 57. 
Patent Owner does not dispute “the fact that ‘ligation’ itself was a known, 
conventional technique as of the priority date.” PO Resp. 52. 
Patent Owner nonetheless argues that the proposed combination lacks 
a reasonable expectation of success. Id. at 52–68. This is so, according to 
Patent Owner, because “the biotin on [Linnarsson’s] CDS’s 5' end would 
block ligation of a tag to the CDS” and any “tag added [to Linnarsson’s 
TSO] via ligation would not be extended, and would therefore not be 
included in the cDNA that is subsequently amplified during PCR (e.g., in 
Panel C), and would not be part of the ‘tagged polynucleotide’ that is 
sequenced.” Id. at 53, 58–59. In other words, Patent Owner argues that a 
second tag sequence (1) could not be added to Linnarsson’s CDS via ligation 
at all and (2) could not be added to Linnarsson’s TSO such that it could 
ultimately satisfy the function of “distinguishing said sample polynucleotide 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
63 
from other sample polynucleotides from said cell,” as recited in claim 1, 
from which claim 5 depends. 
In its Reply, Petitioner rebuts both arguments. 
As for Patent Owner’s argument regarding a TSO-based approach, 
Petitioner persuasively replies that the person of ordinary skill the art would 
have known when to ligate the second tag sequence such that it would be 
amplified and present for sequencing. Pet. Reply 16–17 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶230; Ex. 2020, 42:4–18; Ex. 1070 ¶¶153–158). The cited evidence 
supports Petitioner’s argument, and we find it persuasive. See, e.g., Ex. 
1002 ¶230 (Dr. Cooper testifying that “with the combination of Linnarsson 
and McCloskey [asserted against claim 1] the tag sequence is part of the 
CDS or TSO prior to extension whereas by using ligation, the tag sequence 
is added after extension”). 
As for Patent Owner’s argument regarding a CDS-based approach, 
Petitioner replies that the argument is erroneously premised on Linnarsson 
requiring the use of biotin. Pet. Reply 23–24 (“Linnarsson discloses 
embodiments—most notably in Figures 3 and 4—that do not use 
fragmentation and capture. Hence there is no biotin that would block 
ligation, nor are there any complications from the use of restriction enzymes 
because such enzymes are simply not used.” (citing Ex. 1070 ¶¶39–61, 96–
100)); see also Pet. Reply 3–8. Petitioner also argues that, if a person of 
ordinary skill in the art wanted to use biotin, she would know “the biotin 
could not be at the end of the CDS or TSO but would instead need to be 
added after ligation or included with the barcode.” Id. at 25 (citing Ex. 1070 
¶¶149–152). 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
64 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s argument that Linnarsson does 
not require biotin is a new and improper argument on reply. PO Sur-Reply 
23. We disagree. Petitioner’s argument is directly responsive to Patent 
Owner’s argument. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b) (“A reply may only respond to 
arguments raised in the corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary 
response, patent owner response, or decision on institution.”). Petitioner’s 
argument is not only proper, but also persuasive; Linnarsson does not 
require biotin. See Ex. 1003, 3:25–4:2 (“Summary of the Invention” not 
mentioning biotin), 5:28–29 (“Figure 11 [which does include biotin], panels 
A-F, show graphical representation of steps optionally used in the STRT 
method.” (emphasis added)), Figs. 3–4 (not including biotin). 
Patent Owner additionally argues that “Petitioner has not explained 
how Linnarsson’s method would work without biotin.” PO Sur-Reply 23. 
However, Petitioner bears no burden in that regard. See Apple Inc. v. 
Corephotonics, Ltd., 861 F. App'x 443, 450 (Fed. Cir. 2021) (holding that in 
the context of AIA trial proceedings, “regardless of the forum, prior art 
patents and publications enjoy a presumption of enablement, and the 
patentee/applicant has the burden to prove nonenablement for such prior art” 
and that “[i]t was error for the Board to suggest otherwise”). 
Further, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s argument that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have known how to use biotin in a manner 
that did not interfere with the proposed modification. See Pet Reply 25 
(citing Ex. 1070 ¶¶149–152); Ex. 1071, 175:2–6 (Dr. Quackenbush: “So if 
there’s already a biotin attached, you wouldn’t be able to create that bond, 
hence, ligation wouldn’t occur. And a person in 2009 would have 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
65 
understood this.”); see also KSR, 550 U.S. at 421 (“A person of ordinary 
skill is also a person of ordinary creativity, not an automaton.”). 
In sum, we find that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in the proposed modification. 
2. Claims 12, 21, 22, and 26 
a) Claim 12 
Claim 12 depends from claim 1 and recites: “wherein substantially 
every sample polynucleotide of said plurality of sample polynucleotides is 
associated with the same first tag sequence.” Ex. 1001, 31:4–6. For context, 
recall that claim 1 recites “wherein a cell of the plurality of cells comprises a 
plurality of sample polynucleotides.” Id. at 30:19–20. Thus, claim 5’s 
recitation of “every sample polynucleotide of said plurality of sample 
polynucleotides” refers to sample polynucleotides that are from the same 
cell. Petitioner argues that this feature is taught by Linnarsson’s cell tag. 
Pet. 59 (citing Ex. 1003, 19:5–11). Petitioner further argues that it would 
have been obvious. Id. at 59–61. We agree with Petitioner, as Linnarsson 
explicitly teaches that its “tag can be used to identify which single cell from 
each cDNA sample originated.” Ex. 1003, 19:9–10; see also id. at 4, 8–13 
(teaching “tagged reverse transcription” ultimately leading to “identification 
of expressed genes and identification of cells from which they originated.”). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s challenge to claim 12 “fails as 
the motivation Petitioner provides to modify the Linnarsson-McCloskey 
combination is directed to solving an alleged problem Petitioner claims is 
already solved by the Ground 1 combination. Thus, there would be no 
motivation to further modify Ground 1.” PO Resp. 68. This argument is not 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
66 
persuasive because Petitioner’s Ground 2 challenge to claim 12 does not 
require any further modification than that which was asserted in Ground 1 
against claim 1. All Petitioner additionally relies on for claim 12, relative to 
claim 1 (Ground 1), is that it would have been obvious to tag every sample 
polynucleotide of a cell (as opposed to some subset thereof) with the same 
first tag sequence. Petitioner is not proposing to modify the dual-tag feature 
that is proposed in Ground 1; Petitioner is merely showing that it would have 
been obvious to tag every sample polynucleotide of a cell with the same first 
tag sequence and a person of ordinary skill in the art would have known how 
to do this. See Pet. 60 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶60). 
We conclude that claim 12 would have been obvious over Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, and the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in the art as 
asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
b) Claim 21 
Claim 21 depends from claim 1 and recites: “wherein step (c) 
comprises hybridizing said tagged polynucleotide to a solid support.” Ex. 
1001, 32:5–6. Petitioner quotes Linnarsson as teaching that “any high-
throughput screening methods” can be used for sequencing. Pet. 61 (quoting 
Ex. 1003, 21:16–18. Petitioner argues that the “Roche 454 platform” was 
known and commercially available at the time of the claimed invention and 
further that it used, as a standard step in its sequencing protocol, the 
immobilization of sample nucleotides via hybridization to a solid support. 
Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶240–241; Ex. 1045, 3). Petitioner argues that it would 
have been obvious to use Roche 454 platform with the Linnarsson- 
McCloskey combination as Linnarsson in view of its known availability and 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
67 
Linnarsson’s teaching that “any high-throughput screening methods” could 
be used. Pet. 62. 
Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically directed to 
claim 21 or any additional arguments that we have not already considered 
with respect to other claims. See PO Resp. 49–69 (presenting claim-specific 
arguments for Ground 2 for only claims 5, 12, and 26). 
We conclude that claim 21 would have been obvious over Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, and the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in the art as 
asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
c) Claim 22 
Claim 22 depends from claim 20 and recites: “wherein said solid 
support is a bead.” Ex. 1001, 32:7–8. Petitioner argues that claim 22 would 
have been obvious for the same reasons offered for claim 21. We agree as 
Petitioner has shown that, in the Roche 454 system, the solid support “is a 
bead.” Pet. 62 (citing Ex. 1045, 3–4). 
Patent Owner does not present any arguments specifically directed to 
claim 22 or any additional arguments that we have not already considered 
with respect to other claims. See PO Resp. 49–68. 
We conclude that claim 22 would have been obvious over Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, and the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in the art as 
asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
d) Claim 26 
Claim 26 depends from claim 1 and recites: “wherein said plurality of 
sample polynucleotides comprises a subset of polynucleotides of said cell 
having the same sequence.” Ex. 1001, 32:23–25. In its analysis, Petitioner 
argues that it would have been obvious to modify the Linnarsson-

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
68 
McCloskey combination to target for tagging polynucleotides having “a 
specific sample mRNA sequence of interest.” Pet. 64 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶249). 
In response, Patent Owner argues: “Petitioner needed to show that a 
cell had multiple mRNA molecules with the same sequence. But Petitioner 
did not: its analysis is directed, instead, to an entirely different concept.” PO 
Resp. 68–69. 
We agree with Patent Owner that claim 26 is broader than Petitioner’s 
arguments imply. We interpret claim 26 as requiring that, within “said 
plurality of sample polynucleotides,” there must be at least two 
polynucleotides (e.g., two mRNA molecules) that have the same sequence of 
nucleotides. We do not interpret claim 26 as further requiring that the “same 
sequence” be a specific sequence of interest. 
Petitioner’s apparent misconstruction of claim 26, however, does not 
undermine its ultimate position that claim 26 would have been obvious. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner did not “show that a cell [would have 
had] multiple mRNA molecules with the same sequence.” PO Resp. 68. 
We disagree. 
The very purpose of Linnarsson is to analyze gene expression. 
Ex. 1003, code (54) (“Gene Expression Analysis In Single Cells.”). As Dr. 
Cooper testifies, “[g]enes can be expressed at different levels.” Ex. 1002 
¶64 (citing Ex. 1025, 5). As Dr. Cooper’s cited reference explains: 
Transcription and translation are the means by which cells 
read out, or express, the genetic instructions in their genes. 
Because many identical RNA copies can be made from the same 
gene, and each RNA molecule can direct the synthesis of many 
identical protein molecules, cells can synthesize a large amount 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
69 
of protein rapidly when necessary. But each gene can also be 
transcribed and translated with a different efficiency allowing 
the cell to make vast quantities of some proteins and tiny 
quantities of others (Figure 6-3). Moreover, as we see in the next 
chapter, a cell can change (or regulate) the expression of each of 
its genes according to the needs of the moment—most obviously 
by controlling the production of its RNA. 
Ex. 1025, 5 (emphasis added). 
We conclude that claim 26 would have been obvious over Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, and the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in the art as 
asserted by Petitioner based on the evidence presented. 
H. Ground III 
In Ground III, Petitioner argues that claims 13–19 would have been 
obvious over Linnarsson, McCloskey, and McCloskey II. Id. at Pet. 5. 
Claims 13 through 16 each depend from claim 1 and recite an 
additional limitation regarding how much of “said plurality of sample 
polynucleotides is associated with a unique second tag sequence.” Ex. 1001, 
31:7–17. Claim 13 recites “90 percent,” claim 14 recites “95 percent,” claim 
15 recited “99 percent,” and claim 16 recites “substantially all.” Id. Claims 
17 through 19 ultimately depend from claim 1 and recite a limitation 
regarding “the number of different second tag sequences” in relation to the 
“the number of sample polynucleotides.” Id. at 31:18–26. Claim 17 recites 
that “the number of different second tag sequences is larger than the number 
of sample polynucleotides.” Id. at 31:18–20. Claim 18 recites that it “at 
least ten times” larger. Id. at 31:21–23. Claim 19 recites that it is “at least 
one hundred times” larger. Id. at 31:24–26. 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
70 
For these limitations, Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art “would have understood that increasing the number of 
polynucleotides tagged with a unique second tag sequence increases the 
accuracy of counting, and would have thus been motivated to ensure that 
each polynucleotides [sic] is tagged with a unique second tag sequence.” 
Pet. 65–66 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶252). According to Petitioner, the skilled 
artisan would have used “at least 100 times more” unique second tag 
sequences than polynucleotides to achieve that objective. Id. Petitioner 
further argues that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so. Id. at 66. Petitioner points out that 
McCloskey teaches the skilled artisan that “using second tag sequences each 
containing n number of random base pairs ‘enables one to distinguish among 
4n allele copies per reaction.’” Id. (quoting Ex. 1004, 4). Petitioner also 
points to paragraph 21 of McCloskey II, which teaches that “[t]he length of 
the second sequence is sufficient to provide, with high probability, a unique 
identity to each target nucleic acid molecule in the sample prior to 
amplification.” Ex. 1005 ¶21 (cited at Pet. 67). For example, the length of 
the second sequence can be up 25, 29, or 30 nucleotides. Id. 
Patent Owner argues against Ground 3 on the basis that it employs the 
same motivation as Ground 1. See PO Resp. 69 (“Petitioner repeats [its 
Ground 1] motivation as its Ground 3 motivation.”). According to Patent 
Owner, “there can be no motivation to further ‘modify the Ground 1 
combination in accordance with Ground 3 if, as Petitioner argues, Ground 1 
itself already uniquely tags each molecule, as its supposed motivation for 
this additional Ground 3 modification would have already been 
accomplished.” Id. This argument is not persuasive. 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
71 
The proposed modification of Linnarsson in Ground 1 is the 
essentially the same as the proposed modification of Linnarsson in Ground 
3. As Patent Owner previously argued, McCloskey II is “a more detailed 
version of McCloskey.” Prelim. Resp. 11; see also id. at25 (“McCloskey is 
cumulative of McCloskey II.”). Petitioner’s reliance on McCloskey II 
reflects this fact. In Ground 3, after the Petition cites to McCloskey’s 
“second tag” teachings (which are discussed above in relation to Ground 1), 
the Petition additionally cites to McCloskey II’s more detailed teachings 
regarding the second tag sequence, including that it could be up to 30 
nucleotides long. Pet. 67 (citing Ex. 1055 ¶21). As the Ground 3 
modification is essentially the same, it is logical that the Ground 3 
motivation is essentially the same. 
Furthermore, Patent Owner’s argument that Petitioner’s Ground 3 is 
deficient is premised explicitly on the condition that “Ground 1 itself 
already uniquely tags each molecule.” PO Resp. 70; see also id. at 36 
(Patent Owner agreeing with Petitioner that unique tagging would be 
achieved if one used 100 times more unique tags than the number of sample 
polynucleotides). In other words, Patent Owner argues the motivation for 
the Linnarsson-McCloskey-McCloskey II combination fails because the 
Linnarsson-McCloskey combination (without McCloskey II) already 
achieves subject matter of claims 13 through 19. If that were the case, then 
claims 13 and 19 are unpatentable regardless. 
III. CONCLUSION 
We conclude, based on a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 
1–26 are unpatentable. In summary: 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
72 
 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–26 of U.S. Patent No. 10,240,197 B1 are 
proven unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion To Exclude is 
granted-in-part and denied-in-part (Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is 
granted with respect to the second Hall-Ellis declaration (i.e., Ex. 1085) and 
denied with respect to McCloskey (i.e., Ex. 1004)); 
FURTHER ORDER that Petitioner’s Motion To Exclude is denied; 
and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this Decision is final, a party to 
the proceeding seeking judicial review of the Decision must comply with the 
notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–4, 6–
11, 20, 
23–25 
103(a) 
Linnarsson, 
McCloskey 
1–4, 6–11, 20, 
23–25 
 
5, 12, 21, 
22, 26 
103(a) 
Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, 
“further in view of 
the knowledge of a 
[person of ordinary 
skill in the art]” 
5, 12, 21, 22, 
26 
 
13–19 
103(a) 
Linnarsson, 
McCloskey, 
McCloskey II 
13–19 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–26 
 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2023-00955 
Patent 10,240,197 B1 
 
73 
PETITIONER: 
 
Derek Walter 
Adrian Percer 
William Ansley 
WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES 
derek.walter@weil.com 
adrian.percer@weil.com 
sutton.ansley@weil.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
 
Jon Baughman 
Megan Raymond 
GROOMBRIDGE, WU, BAUGHMAN & STONE 
steve.baughman@groombridgewu.com 
megan.raymond@groombridgewu.com