--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 47 
Tel: 571-272-7822 
Date: July 5, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
GENENTECH, INC., HOFFMAN-LA ROCHE AG, and ABBVIE INC., 
Patent Owner 
 
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
 
Before JEFFREY N. FREDMAN, ZHENYU YANG, and ROBERT A. 
POLLOCK, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
PER CURIAM. 
 
Opinion Concurring-in-part and Dissenting-in-part filed by Administrative 
Patent Judge FREDMAN. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining some challenged claims unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 328(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 2, 
“Pet.”) requesting post-grant review of claims 1–3, 5, 6, 14, 25–27, and 30 
(the “challenged claims”) of U.S. Patent No. 10,993,942 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the 
’942 patent”). Genentech, Inc., Hoffman-La Roche AG, and Abbvie Inc. 
(“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 6 (“Prelim. Resp.”). 
We determined, based on the information presented in the Petition and 
Preliminary Response, that the ’942 patent was eligible for post-grant 
review, and that at least some of the challenged claims were more likely than 
not unpatentable at least based on Petitioner’s challenge under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 112 for a lack of written description support. Paper 8 (“Institution 
Decision” or “Inst. Dec.”). Pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 324, the Board instituted 
trial on July 25, 2022, of all challenged claims on the written description 
ground. Id. 
 
Following institution, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition 
(Paper 24, “PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response 
(Paper 33, “Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 37, “Sur-
reply”). Both Petitioner and Patent Owner filed various Objections to 
evidence (Papers 11, 12, 25, 35). An oral hearing was held on April 18, 
2023, and a transcript has been entered into the record (Paper XX, “Tr.”). 
 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. This Final Written Decision 
is issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 328(a). Based on the record before us, we 
conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 2, 3, 5, 14, 25–27, and 30 of the ’942 patent are 

--- Page 3 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
3 
unpatentable but has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claims 1 and 6 of the ’942 patent are unpatentable. 
B. Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner states that the real parties-in-interest for Petitioner are 
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. Pet. 2. 
Patent Owner states that the real parties-in-interest are Genentech, 
Inc., Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., and AbbVie Inc., the assignees of record for 
U.S. Patent No. 10,993,942. Paper 4, 1. 
C. Related Proceedings 
Petitioner indicates that the ’942 patent was asserted in AbbVie Inc. v. 
Alembic Pharms., Ltd., No. 1-20-cv-01009 (D. Del.) and in AbbVie Inc. v. 
Dr. Reddy’s Labs., Ltd., No. 1-20-cv-00968 (D. Del.). Pet. 2; see Ex. 1003; 
Ex. 1004. 
D. The ’942 Patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’942 patent states the “invention is directed to a combination 
therapy involving a type II anti-CD20 antibody and a selective Bcl-2 
inhibitor for the treatment of a patient suffering from cancer, particularly a 
CD20-expressing cancer.” Ex. 1001, 1:20–23. The ’942 patent teaches that, 
in one embodiment, the anti-CD20 antibody may be the GA101 antibody 
known as obinutuzumab, and “the selective Bcl-2 inhibitor is GDC-0199.” 
Id. at 4:6–7, 4:14–5:2. 
The ’942 patent teaches the treatment may comprise “administering to 
said human a GA101 antibody and/or GDC-0199 in multiple dosing cycles. 
In an embodiment, each dosing cycle of the multiple dosing cycle is for at 
least 1 week.” Id. at 4:12–15. According to the ’942 patent: 

--- Page 4 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
4 
A dosing period as used herein is meant a period of time, during 
which each therapeutic agent has been[] administered at least 
once. A dosing cycle is usually about 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 
11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 
28, 29, or 30 days, and, in one embodiment, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 
12, 13, or 14 days, for example, 7 or 14 days. 
In certain embodiments, a dosing period is a dosing cycle. 
Ex. 1001, 17:29–38. 
The ’942 patent teaches that in “certain embodiments, methods are 
provided for the treatment of a cancer in a human in need thereof comprising 
administering to said human a GA101 antibody and/or GDC-0199 in 
multiple dosing cycles. In an embodiment, each dosing cycle of the multiple 
dosing cycle is for at least 1 week.” Id. at 4:10–15. The ’942 patent teaches 
embodiments where “following the last dosing cycle of multiple dosing 
cycles, GDC-0199 alone can be administered to the human in the absence of 
the GA101 antibody.” Id. at 4:45–49. 
The ’942 patent teaches: 
In certain embodiments, escalating doses of GDC-0199 
are administered to the patient prior to administration of the type 
II anti-CD20 antibody. In other embodiments, escalating doses 
of GDC-0199 are administered to the patient after the type II 
anti-CD20 antibody has been administered to the patient. 
In some embodiments of the method of treatment provided 
herein, the amount of GDC-0199 administered to the patient per 
dose is increased during the first dosing cycle from initial 
amounts of between 10 mg to 80 mg to final amounts of between 
190 mg to 400 mg. In certain embodiments, the amount of GDC-
0199 per dose administered to the patients begins with 50 mg or 
100 mg, and is increased to 300 mg per dose. In some 
embodiments, the amount of GDC-0199 in the initial doses 
administered to the patient can, for example, be between 20 mg 
to 60 mg (e.g., 20 mg, 25 mg, 30 mg, 35 mg, 40 mg, 45 mg, 50 

--- Page 5 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
5 
mg, 55 mg or 60 mg doses), followed by dose amounts of 100 
mg, 200 mg, 300 mg or more of GDC-0199. 
Ex. 1001, 24:42–60. 
Figure 2 of the ’942 patent provides an exemplary dosing schema and 
is reproduced below: 
 
Depicted above, “Schedule A (FIG. 2), consisting of GDC-0199 
administered in escalating doses for 3 weeks prior to the first obinutuzumab 
infusion . . . the dose-finding stage will evaluate whether the administration 
of GDC-0199 prior to the first obinutuzumab infusion (Schedule A) will 
result in a lower incidence of infusion reactions.” Id. at 26:33–42. 
 
The ’942 patent teaches 
GDC-0199 monotherapy may be continued in patients beyond 
6-7 cycles of combination treatment described above (e.g., if 
they have acceptable toxicity and have not yet achieved 
maximal clinical response (i.e., are having continued 
improvement/reduction in tumor burden that has not yet 
stabilized for at least 2 months)). Such patients may continue 
GDC-0199 monotherapy until they have achieved maximal 

--- Page 6 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
6 
response or up to 1 year after the last patient is enrolled, 
whichever occurs first. 
Ex. 1001, 26:59–67. 
E. Illustrative Claims 
The challenged claims are claims 1–3, 5, 6, 14, 25–27, and 30 of the 
’942 patent, of which claims 1, 14, and 26 are the independent claims. 
Claims 1, 2, and 14 are illustrative of the challenged claims and recite: 
1. 
A method for treating chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or 
small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL) in a patient, the method 
comprising orally administering GDC-0199 in escalating doses 
to the patient, wherein the escalating doses comprise a dose of 
50 mg of GDC-0199 per day for one week followed by a dose of 
100 mg of GDC-0199 per day for one week. 
2. 
The method of claim 1, wherein the escalating doses further 
comprise a dose of 20 mg of GDC-0199 per day for one week. 
14. 
A method for treating chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or 
small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL) in a patient, the method 
comprising orally administering GDC-0199 in escalating doses 
to the patient, wherein the escalating doses comprise a dose of 
20 mg per day for one week, a dose of 50 mg per day for one 
week, a dose of 100 mg per day for one week, a dose of 200 mg 
of GDC-0199 per day for one week, and a dose of 400 mg per 
day. 
Ex. 1001, 35:43–53; 3:58–65. 
F. The Instituted Ground of Unpatentability 
We instituted trial based on the challenge to the patentability of 
certain claims of the ’942 patent presented in the Petition. Pet. 1–4, 6. 
References 
Basis 
Claims Challenged 
Written Description 
§ 112(a) 
1–3, 5, 6, 14, 25–27, 30 

--- Page 7 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
7 
Petitioner relies on the Declaration of Jeffrey A. Gordon, M.D. See 
Ex. 1020. In support of its Response, Patent Owner relies upon the 
Declaration of Jeffrey P. Sharman, M.D. See Ex. 2008. 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner contends that: 
A person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) in the field of the 
patent between 2012 and 2013, or in 2020, would have held an 
MD with experience in clinical oncology or pharmacology, a 
PhD in pharmacology, pharmaceutical chemistry, cancer 
biology, or a related discipline, or a PharmD with experience in 
clinical oncology. A person of ordinary skill would also have 
practical working knowledge of oncology. A POSA would also 
have had experience with the design of studies necessary for 
drug development. This description is approximate, and 
additional experience could make up for less education and vice 
versa. 
Pet. 10–11 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 38). 
Patent Owner contends “that a POSA for purposes of the ’942 patent 
would have had at least an M.D. and several years of experience treating 
patients with hematological malignancies (i.e., blood cancers). Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 
96, 98.” PO Resp. 16. Patent Owner contends that “[u]nlike Petitioner’s 
definition, Patent Owners’ definition properly accounts for the ’942 patent’s 
focus on the treatment of CLL/SLL by requiring experience with treating 
patients with hematological malignancies.” Id. at 17 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 96). 
We do not discern a substantive difference between the parties’ 
respective definitions for the level of ordinary skill in the art. Although 
Petitioner did not expressly recite hematological malignancies, Petitioner did 
refer to expertise in clinical oncology and cancer biology, which would 

--- Page 8 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
8 
encompass the blood cancers recited by Patent Owner. Accordingly, we find 
the parties’ respective definitions to be equivalent and consistent with the 
level of ordinary skill in the art as reflected by the prior art in this 
proceeding. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) 
(explaining that specific findings regarding ordinary skill level are not 
required “where the prior art itself reflects an appropriate level and a need 
for testimony is not shown” (quoting Litton Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State 
Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 1985))). 
We find that Dr. Gordon and Dr. Sharman are both qualified to opine 
from the perspective of a skilled artisan as both are persons of at least 
ordinary skill in the art, based on either party’s definition. Ex. 1020, ¶¶ 8–
19; Ex. 2008, ¶¶ 11–24. 
B. Claim Construction 
Petitioner contends that the preamble recitation to treat particular 
cancers is a limitation. See Pet. 22. Patent Owner contends that 
“[c]onstruing that term is unnecessary to resolve any controversy.” Prelim. 
Resp. 14. Patent Owner also contends that the standard understanding of the 
transitional term comprising should be applied. See id. at 15–16. 
The parties do not identify any issue relating to the preamble that 
needs to be addressed to resolve the sole written description challenge and 
the parties do not dispute that the transitional term “comprising” is 
“inclusive or open-ended and does not exclude additional, unrecited 
elements or method steps.” Georgia-Pacific Corp. v. US. Gypsum Co., 195 
F.3d 1322, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 1999). We therefore find that there are no terms 
that need claim construction. See, e.g., Wellman, Inc. v. Eastman Chem. 
Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2011) (“[C]laim terms need only be 

--- Page 9 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
9 
construed ‘to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’”) (quoting 
Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 
1999)). 
C. Principles of Law 
The test for written description is “whether the disclosure of the 
application . . . reasonably conveys to those skilled in the art that the 
inventor had possession of the claimed subject matter as of the filing date.” 
Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2010) 
(en banc). “Based on that inquiry, the specification must describe an 
invention understandable to that skilled artisan and show that the inventor 
actually invented the invention claimed.” Id. “[W]hile the description 
requirement does not demand any particular form of disclosure, or that the 
specification recite the claimed invention in haec verba, a description that 
merely renders the invention obvious does not satisfy the requirement.” Id. 
at 1352 (citations omitted). “[T]he test requires an objective inquiry into the 
four corners of the specification from the perspective of a person of ordinary 
skill in the art.” Id. at 1351. 
We analyze the asserted ground of unpatentability in accordance with 
the above-stated principles. 
D. Written Description – Claim 1 
1. Petitioner’s position 
Petitioner asserts “the claims lack written description support in the 
provisional, which is missing much content from the ’942 patent’s 
specification.” Pet. 10. Petitioner asserts that: 
The ’942 specification describes a combination therapy by 
administering two compounds, but its claims are directed to a 

--- Page 10 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
10 
monotherapy only requiring one. The patent’s specification does 
not 
describe 
the 
claimed 
escalating-dose 
GDC-0199 
monotherapy. Indeed, the ’942 patent’s title calls the invention a 
“combination therapy” of a Bcl-2 inhibitor (e.g., GDC-0199) and 
an antibody. So does its summary, its abstract, and its 
embodiments. So too do all its examples and figures. Further, the 
specification focuses on not just any antibody, but an anti-CD20 
antibody—and not just any anti-CD20 antibody, but the type II 
variety. 
Id. at 5. Petitioner also asserts the ’942 patent claims “a specific 
combination of GDC-0199 dose amounts, times, duration, and sequence—a 
particular escalating-dose GDC-0199 monotherapy—that was not described 
in its specification. Nor is there guidance in the specification to select these 
parameters from a laundry list of options.” Id. at 6. Petitioner asserts 
“before the generics were sued, Patent Owner filed the application leading to 
the ’942 patent as a continuation of the ’595 application. This was the first 
time in the priority chain that a GDC-0199 monotherapy was claimed. . . .” 
Id. at 18. 
Petitioner asserts “Patent Owners and their expert failed to account for 
numerous neon-bright signs in the specification—e.g., that ‘the invention’ is 
limited to combination therapies, and that the experiments do not disclose 
GDC-0199 alone or escalating doses as treatment methods.” Pet. Reply 3 
(citing Pet. 29–42). Petitioner asserts “[t]he inquiry is whether a POSA 
would recognize that Patent Owners had invented an effective dose regimen. 
The answer is no. Petitioner’s evidence established that a POSA would not 
recognize which combinations of doses were effective.” Id. at 6. Petitioner 
asserts the “patent fails to describe any antibody-free monotherapy 
treatment, much less escalating-dose monotherapy.” Id. at 10. 
Petitioner asserts 

--- Page 11 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
11 
Patent Owners and their expert do not rebut Dr. Gordon’s view 
that a POSA would not consider one dosing cycle in a larger 
treatment plan to constitute the whole method of treatment. See, 
e.g., Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 120-21. This is precisely what Example 2 
teaches: “[t]wo schedules … consisting of GDC-0199 
administered in escalating doses for 3 weeks prior to the first 
obinutuzumab infusion, and … consisting of obinutuzumab 
administered first followed by escalating dose levels of GDC-
0199.” Ex. 1001, 26:31-37 (emphasis added); see also id. at 
26:49-58 (calling both Example 2 schedules a “combination 
treatment”). 
Id. at 10–11. Petitioner asserts that although “Patent Owners tout isolated 
references to ‘GDC-0199 alone’ or ‘a GA101 antibody and/or GDC-0199’ 
as adequate support for the claims, POR 22-23, this is wrong. The patent 
plainly says, as Dr. Gordon pointed out, that these references are specific 
dosing cycles within a broader method of treatment.” Id. at 11. 
Petitioner asserts 
Patent Owners cannot point to an example demonstrating that the 
inventors possessed at filing the later-claimed method for 
treating both CLL and SLL using a 50 mg daily dose for one 
week followed by a 100 mg dose for another week. The full scope 
of claim 1 requires description of a therapy with only these two 
doses, even if other doses can be present. 
Pet. Reply 15. Petitioner asserts “Example 2 is a research plan, not an 
example of actual treatment: it is a hypothetical dose-finding Phase I clinical 
trial that would evaluate the dosing schemes in Schedules A/B (Figures 
2/3).” Pet. Reply 16. Petitioner asserts “claim 1’s two-dose regimen 1 is not 
Example 2’s three-dose regimen. Although claim 1 allows additional doses, 
its full scope requires supporting at least its two-dose-only regimen, in which 
100 mg is a final dose.” Pet. Reply 16. Petitioner asserts “[n]othing in 
Example 2 (or elsewhere) suggests a reason to use GDC-0199 alone to treat 

--- Page 12 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
12 
SLL and CLL.” Pet. Reply 17. Petitioner asserts “claim 1 covers treating 
both SLL and CLL. To adequately describe that scope, the specification had 
to disclose treating both diseases with the claimed method.” Pet. Reply 18. 
2. Patent Owner’s position 
Patent Owner asserts that “the challenged claims encompass both 
monotherapy and combination therapy, and the ’942 patent specification 
provides sufficient written description support for both. Institution Decision 
at 12-13. Dr. Sharman agrees. Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 101-121.” PO Resp. 21. Patent 
Owner asserts 
the challenged claims recite methods of treatment “comprising” 
the administration of GDC-0199. It is well-settled law that “the 
transitional term ‘comprising’ . . . is ‘inclusive or open-ended and 
does not exclude additional, unrecited elements or method 
steps.’” See Institution Decision at 13 (citing Georgia-Pacific, 
195 F.3d at 1327). Here, the use of the term “comprising” 
establishes that the claims encompass both the administration of 
GDC-0199 alone, or in combination with other therapeutic 
agents. 
PO Resp. 21–22. Patent Owner asserts “[e]xamples 1, 3, and 4 of the 
specification show that monotherapy with GDC-0199 is efficacious. 
Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 108-117. Example 1 tested the anti-tumor activity of GDC-0199 
administered alone, obinutuzumab (a GA101 antibody) administered alone, 
and their combination.” PO Resp. 23. Patent Owner asserts as “compared to 
a placebo, GDC-0199 administered alone for 3 weeks ‘demonstrated stasis 
followed by tumor growth delay’ and showed 80% tumor growth inhibition. 
Ex. 1001, 25:65-67, 26:4-7; see also Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 60, 82, 110.” PO Resp. 23. 
Patent Owner asserts “[a]s Dr. Sharman opines, from the results of Example 
1, as illustrated in Figure 1, a POSA would have recognized that GDC-0199 
has independent activity in inhibiting tumor growth. Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 59, 111.” 

--- Page 13 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
13 
PO Resp. 23. Patent Owner asserts that Figure 2 “instructs that GDC-0199 is 
administered at a dose of 50 mg per day for the first week, followed by 100 
mg per day for the second week—the dosing recited in claim 1. Ex. 1001, 
Fig. 2; see also id., 24:34-44.” PO Resp. 26. 
Patent Owner asserts 
as Dr. Sharman explains, CLL and SLL both result from the 
proliferation of malignant B-cells, are often referred to together 
as CLL/SLL, and are treated by hematologic oncologists, i.e., 
specialists in the treatment of blood cancers. See Ex. 2008, ¶ 42. 
Petitioner, however, would have Dr. Sharman not read the 
specification as a whole, and not bring the knowledge and skill 
of a POSA to his reading of the specification, as is proper for the 
written description inquiry. 
PO Sur-reply 5. Patent Owner also asserts that Dr. Sharman 
squarely refuted Dr. Gordon’s opinions, explaining 
that 
‘Dr. Gordon’s assertion that the invention of the ’942 patent is 
limited to combination therapy is inconsistent with the plain text 
of the ’942 patent, which expressly discloses GDC-0199 
monotherapy . . . as well as how a POSA would understand the 
disclosure.’ Ex. 2008, ¶ 107 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 113-117); see 
also id., ¶¶ 114-117. Not only was Dr. Gordon’s opinion 
rebutted, it is contrary to the express disclosures of the ’942 
patent. 
PO Sur-Reply 9. Patent Owner asserts that “[n]owhere in the ’942 patent do 
Patent Owners disclaim GDC-0199 monotherapy.” PO Sur-Reply 10. Patent 
Owner asserts “[a]t bottom, Petitioner’s arguments regarding claim 1 are 
simply an effort to detract from the express disclosures of the specification.” 
PO Sur-Reply 13. Patent Owner asserts “Example 2 explicitly discloses 
administering a 50 mg daily dose of GDC-0199 for a week to previously 
untreated CLL patients, followed by a 100 mg daily dose of GDC-0199 for a 
week, as claimed in claim 1.” PO Sur-Reply 13–14. 

--- Page 14 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
14 
3. Analysis 
To prevail in this post-grant review of the challenged claims, 
Petitioner must prove unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence. 35 
U.S.C. § 326(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). The petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the challenged claims are unpatentable. 
See Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
This burden of persuasion never shifts to the patent owner. See Dynamic 
Drinkware, LLC v. Nat'l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 
2015) (discussing the burden of proof in inter partes review). 
a. Experts’ views of descriptive support for claim 1 in 
’942 patent 
Dr. Gordon1 challenges descriptive support for claim 1 in the ’942 
patent, stating “even if there are points where the specification mentions 
administering a dose of just GDC-0199, it is disclosing doing so as part of a 
combination therapy.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 69. Dr. Gordon does acknowledge that 
“within a co-administration method of treatment, individual dosing cycles 
might be one compound or the other” but asserts “that the whole method of 
 
1 We note that in the Gordon Deposition, Dr. Gordon acknowledged 
authorship of only two articles in the field of hematological oncology. 
Ex. 2030, 45:12–14. Dr. Gordon did not recollect when asked “Have you 
used murine models to evaluate promising candidates for therapeutic use?” 
Ex. 2030, 54:22–24. Dr. Gordon was unable to answer specific questions 
regarding the eleven articles on his CV without reviewing the articles and 
was unable to confirm his research experience, Ex. 2030:57:3–13. In 
response to a question “What is your role in these two [clinical] trials”, 
Dr. Gordon was unable to recollect. Ex. 2030, 66:4–6. When asked “Are you 
a principal investigator on this trial?” and “Did you have any responsibility 
for designing the [clinical] trial?” Dr. Gordon answered “I do not recollect.” 
Ex. 2030, 66:10–18. 

--- Page 15 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
15 
treatment uses both.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 76. Dr. Gordon states “[a]t no point does 
the specification include every element of the claim (GDC-0199 
monotherapy, as well as dose amount, timing, and sequence) in a single 
example.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 131.2 
Dr. Sharman3 supports a finding of descriptive support in the ’942 
patent, explaining that 
in the case of CLL/SLL, historically they were thought of as 
separate diseases, but as we gained more understanding 
scientifically of these diseases, we realized it’s really just one 
manifestation of the same -- excuse me -- two manifestations of 
the same disease, so it's commonplace in the literature to refer 
to CLL, slash, SLL as a single entity. 
Ex. 1034, 18:5–11. Dr. Sharman stated that a proposed trial in the ’942 
patent disclosed that an “exemplary dose escalation for treatment of patients 
with CLL is illustrated in Figure 2 of the patent, which . . . shows a dose 
escalation where GDC-0199 is administered at a starting daily dose of 50 mg 
per day for the first week, followed by a daily intermediate dose of 100 mg 
per day for the second week.” Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 69–70. In the deposition, 
Dr. Sharma stated that “GDC-0199 is given as monotherapy from cycle 1 
 
2 We note that Dr. Gordon does not specifically address the disclosure in the 
example shown in Figure 2 relative to the recitations of claim 1, but rather 
asserts that this example “discusses a combination therapy.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 124. 
3 We note that in the Sharman Deposition (Ex. 1034), Dr. Sharman 
acknowledged involvement in the Genetech study which compared 
“venetoclax to chemotherapy, and in the context of leading that study as the 
principal investigator, I have provided feedback on study design and 
oversight.” Ex. 1034, 23:9–12. Dr. Sharman stated “I have helped with the 
development of several additional therapeutic drugs for Genentech, so I have 
had similar roles on other molecules.” Ex. 1034, 24:17–19. 

--- Page 16 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
16 
day 1 all the way to the completion of therapy at week 28, which is cycle 7 
day 28.” Ex. 1034, 87:16–19. 
 
We find Dr. Sharman’s statements and deposition testimony have 
substantially greater credibility than Dr. Gordon’s statements and deposition 
testimony based on Dr. Sharman’s significantly greater relevant experience 
in treatment and study of hematological cancers using chemotherapeutic 
agents and based on Dr. Sharman’s superior recollection and more complete 
analysis of the record found in the ’942 patent. In particular, we found 
Dr. Gordon’s statement that no example “includes” every element of claim 1 
factually incorrect as contradicted by at least Figure 2 of the ’942 patent 
where the ordinary understanding of includes to mean encompasses is used. 
See Ex. 1020 ¶ 131. Ebit Sys. Am., LLC v. Thales Visonix, Inc., 881 F.3d 
1354, 1358 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (“The PTAB [i]s entitled to weigh the 
credibility of the witnesses ....”). 
b. Descriptive support analyzed in view of intrinsic ’942 
Specification, expert declarations, and case law 
 
It is well-settled that the “transition ‘comprising’ in a method claim 
indicates that the claim is open-ended and allows for additional steps.” 
Invitrogen Corp. v. Biocrest Mfg., L.P., 327 F.3d 1364, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 
2003). Likewise, “[t]he statutes permit, and it is the settled practice of the 
Patent Office, many times sustained by this Court, to allow claims to a 
combination and also its subcombinations.” Special Equipment Co. v. Coe, 
324 U.S. 370, 377 (1945). 
We find that Figure 2 of the ’942 patent and the associated example 
provide literal and express descriptive support for claim 1 of the ’942 patent. 
As descriptive support for claim 1, the ’942 patent teaches treatment of 

--- Page 17 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
17 
leukemia or lymphoma, including chronic lymphocytic leukemia and small 
lymphocytic lymphoma (Ex. 1001, 16:21–22), by orally administering the 
Bcl-2 inhibitor GDC-0199 (Ex. 1001, 17:16) in escalating doses of 50 mg 
per day during a first week and 100 mg per day during a second week 
(Ex. 1001, Figure 2). 
Claim 1 of the ’942 patent, as written, does not exclude performance 
of the complete combination therapy shown in Figure 2. Rather, the 
reasonable understanding of the term “comprising” in claim 1 encompasses 
monotherapy with GDC-0199 alone and combination therapy with 
obinutuzumab. Both embodiments are described in the Specification. As 
Patent Owner points out, the ’942 Specification is replete with disclosures to 
administer GDC-0199 by itself to a patient, stating 
“methods are provided for the treatment of a cancer in a human 
in need thereof comprising administering to said human a GA101 
antibody and/or GDC 0199 in multiple dosing cycles”; “GDC-
0199 alone can be administered to the human in the absence of 
the GA101 antibody”; “[p]harmaceutical compositions of the 
anti-BCL-2 active agent alone, e.g., the Bcl-2 inhibitor”; “In 
certain dosing cycles, one therapeutic agent alone is administered 
to the patient”; “the patient can then be administered with GDC-
0199 alone (e.g. in a maintenance phase)”; “escalating doses of 
GDC-0199 are administered to the patient prior to administration 
of the type II anti-CD20 antibody”; “GDC-0199 monotherapy 
may be continued in patients beyond 6–7 cycles of combination 
treatment described above . . . Such patients may continue GDC-
0199 monotherapy until they have achieved maximal response.” 
See, e.g., PO Resp. 8, 9, 12, 22, 47 (citing Ex. 1001, 4:10–13; 4:46–48; 
22:5–6; 24:2–4; 24:16–17; 24:42–44; 26:58–66.) Dr. Sharman states “a 
POSA would have recognized from Example 1 and Figure 1 . . . that both 
GDC-0199 combination therapy and monotherapy were effective methods of 
treating CLL and SLL.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 111. 

--- Page 18 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
18 
 
As discussed in the Institution Decision, we find Petitioner’s argument 
(see Pet. 25–26) relating to a lack of support in US provisional application 
61/698,379 irrelevant because the issue is not whether the claims have 
priority sufficient to defeat intervening prior art but rather whether the 
claims as issued “overreach the scope of the inventor’s contribution to the 
field of art as described in the patent specification.” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 
1353. These claims are fully described in the ’942 patent as discussed 
above. 
As discussed in the Institution Decision, we find Petitioner’s argument 
purporting to limit the disclosure of the ’942 patent solely to combination 
therapies directly inconsistent with the plain text in the ’942 patent. See Pet. 
29–30. Petitioner reiterates these arguments, contending that “Patent Owners 
and their expert failed to account for numerous neon-bright signs in the 
specification—e.g., that ‘the invention’ is limited to combination therapies, 
and that the experiments do not disclose GDC-0199 alone or escalating 
doses as treatment methods.” Pet. Reply 3. 
 
We find this argument unpersuasive because the ’942 patent 
recognizes “GDC-0199 alone can be administered to the human in the 
absence of the GA101 antibody, or the GA101 antibody alone can be 
administered to the patient in the absence of GDC-0199.” Ex. 1001, 4:46–
49. That the ’942 patent teaches alternatives of administering a GA101 
antibody and/or GDC-0199 in multiple dosing cycles demonstrates 
possession by the ’942 patent of three alternative treatments: GA101 
antibody and GDC-0199 together; GA101 antibody alone; and GDC-0199 
alone. Ex. 1001, 4:10–15. 

--- Page 19 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
19 
 
We also agree with Patent Owner that claim 1 encompasses therapies 
with GDC-0199 alone because claim 1 uses the transitional term 
“comprising” that is “inclusive or open-ended and does not exclude 
additional, unrecited elements or method steps.” Georgia-Pacific Corp. v. 
US. Gypsum Co., 195 F.3d 1322, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 1999); see Prelim. Resp. 
15. Claim 1 also does not exclude combination treatment with the GA101 
antibody in addition to the recited dose escalation with GDC-0199. 
Petitioner contends “Patent Owners and their expert do not rebut 
Dr. Gordon’s view that a POSA would not consider one dosing cycle in a 
larger treatment plan to constitute the whole method of treatment. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 120-21.” Pet. Reply 10. Petitioner points to LizardTech, Inc. v. 
Earth Resource Mapping, Inc., 424 F.3d 1336, 1340–46 (Fed. Cir. 2005) and 
contends 
[t]he only difference between LizardTech’s claim 1 (written 
description deemed adequate) and claim 21 (written description 
deemed inadequate) was that the latter omitted a few essential 
steps. Id. at 1340–47. If the open-ended “comprising” claim form 
were controlling, the Court would have determined that claim 21 
was adequately described because its scope would include the 
narrower, adequately described claim 1 and related examples. 
Instead, the Court relied on the alleged advantages of the 
invention, the prosecution history, and statements by the patentee 
about “the invention claimed by applicant as a whole” in 
concluding that claim 21 was too broad without the omitted 
steps. Id. at 1343–45. 
Paper 45, 1 (emphasis added). 
 
We find this argument unpersuasive as Lizardtech explains that 
it is unnecessary to spell out every detail of the invention in the 
specification; only enough must be included to convince a person 
of skill in the art that the inventor possessed the invention and to 
enable such a person to make and use the invention without 

--- Page 20 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
20 
undue experimentation. In this case, however, LizardTech has 
failed to meet either requirement. After reading the patent, a 
person of skill in the art would not understand how to make a 
seamless DWT generically 
and would not understand 
LizardTech to have invented a method for making a seamless 
DWT, except by “maintaining updating sums of DWT 
coefficients.” 
Lizardtech, 424 F.3d at 1345. The Lizardtech facts differ from those of claim 
1 of the ’942 patent because, as supported by Dr. Sharman, the ’942 patent 
both describes and enables the ordinary artisan to treat CLL/SLL with GDC-
0199 in an escalating dose series as described in Figure 2 with a reasonable 
expectation of success. Ex 1001, Figure 2; Ex 2008 ¶¶ 59, 71, 111. For 
example, Dr. Sharman notes that Figure 4 of the ’942 patent “shows that 
GDC-0199 treatment alone shows antitumor activity (tumor growth 
inhibition of 59%) compared to the vehicle alone.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 84. 
Dr. Sharman states a “POSA also would have understood this to be evidence 
of efficacy of both monotherapy and combination therapy.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 85. 
 
Moreover, Lizardtech compared their situation to Tronzo v. Biomet, 
Inc., 156 F.3d 1154, 1159 (Fed. Cir. 1998) where Tronzo found “there was 
nothing in the patent’s specification ‘to suggest that shapes other than 
conical are necessarily a part of the disclosure.’” Lizardtech at 1346. That 
factual determination is very different from claim 1 of the ’942 patent where 
there is no doubt that Figure 2 of the ’942 patent exemplifies administration 
of GDC-0199 alone to chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients in escalating 
doses with 50 mg per day during a first week and 100 mg per day during a 
second week as required by claim 1 of the ’942 patent. Ex. 1001, Figure 2; 
Ex. 1001, 26:27–35. 

--- Page 21 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
21 
 
Petitioner’s reliance on PIN/NIP, Inc. v. Platte Chemical Co., 304 
F.3d 1235, 1247–48 (Fed. Cir. 2002) is also unavailing. Paper 45, 2. In 
PIN/NIP, the issue was that two compounds, known in the prior art, 
unexpectedly suppressed tuber sprouts when used in combination. Id. at 
1244. PIN/NIP therefore interpreted the term “composition” to mean 
mixture of both components. This is unlike claim 1 of the ’942 patent where 
there is no evidence of record that monotherapy as recited in claim 1 would 
have been anticipated or obvious by the prior art. Moreover, unlike in 
PIN/NIP where the “described invention is clear; it is a mixture of the two 
chemicals together” (id. at 1244), the ’942 patent provides express 
disclosures to use monotherapy with GDC-0199 alone as discussed above. 
 
Claim 1 need not include every embodiment in the disclosure of the 
’942 patent so long as there is clear possession of the claimed invention. 
“That claims are interpreted in light of the specification does not mean that 
everything expressed in the specification must be read into all the claims.” 
Raytheon Co. v. Roper Corp., 724 F.2d 951, 957 (Fed. Cir. 1983). 
 
We therefore do not read the combination therapy into claim 1 when 
the ’942 patent discloses that GDC-0199 alone may be administered for 
some period of time. Ex. 1001, Figure 2. See, e.g., ScriptPro LLC v. 
Innovation Assocs., Inc., 833 F.3d 1336, 1341 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (“[A] 
specification’s focus on one particular embodiment or purpose cannot limit 
the described invention where that specification expressly contemplates 
other embodiments or purposes.”). 
Indeed, “[e]ven when the specification describes only a single 
embodiment, the claims of the patent will not be read restrictively unless the 
patentee has demonstrated a clear intention to limit the claim scope using 

--- Page 22 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
22 
‘words or expressions of manifest exclusion or restriction.’” Liebel-
Flarsheim Co. v. Medrad, Inc., 358 F.3d 898, 906 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (quoting 
Teleflex, Inc. v. Ficosa N. Am. Corp., 299 F.3d 1313, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 
2002))). As the evidence shows, the ’942 patent expressly recites 
“administering to said human a GA101 antibody and/or GDC-0199 in 
multiple dosing cycles.” Ex. 1001, 4:10–15 (emphasis added). Similarly, 
the ’942 patent teaches “GDC-0199 alone can be administered to the human 
in the absence of the GA101 antibody.” Ex. 1001, 4:45–49. 
We also find unpersuasive Petitioner’s argument that, “Example 2 is a 
research plan, not an example of actual treatment: it is a hypothetical dose-
finding Phase I clinical trial that would evaluate the dosing schemes in 
Schedules A/B (Figures 2/3).” Pet. Reply 16. And such “a ‘mere wish or 
plan’ is not adequate written description.” Id. (citing Centocor Ortho 
Biotech, Inc. v. Abbott Labs., 636 F.3d 1341, 1348 (Fed. Cir. 2011)). 
“It is well established that a patent may be secured, and typically is 
secured, before the conclusion of clinical trials.” In re Montgomery, 677 
F.3d 1375, 1382 (Fed. Cir. 2012). The clinical trial protocol in Figure 2 of 
the ’942 patent is clearly a disclosure that describes the invention. See, e.g., 
Montgomery, 677 F.3d at 1382 (“[E]ven if HOPE [clinical trial] merely 
proposed administering ramipril for treatment or prevention of stroke 
(without actually doing so), it would still anticipate.”). And Petitioner’s 
reliance on Centocor is misplaced, as in Centocor the concern was that the 
claims recited functional humanized antibodies with particular specificity 
but the Specification at issue did not “disclose any fully-human, high 
affinity, neutralizing, A2 specific antibody.” Centocor, 636 F.3d at 1349. 
The ’942 Specification provides specific details of the particular therapy 

--- Page 23 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
23 
being used, including the particular compound GDC-0199, an example of a 
particular dose escalation of GDC-0199 in a particular patient population. 
See Ex. 1001, Figure 2. 
As discussed in the Institution Decision, we find Petitioner’s argument 
that “Patent Owner claimed a specific combination of GDC-0199 dose 
amounts, times, duration, and sequence—a particular escalating-dose GDC-
0199 monotherapy—that was not described in its specification,” incorrect 
with respect to independent claim 1, based on the complete record developed 
during trial. See Pet. 6. Figure 2 of the ’942 patent shows administration of 
GDC-0199 alone to chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients in escalating 
doses with 50 mg per day during a first week and 100 mg per day during a 
second week as required by claim 1 of the ’942 patent. Ex. 1001, Figure 2; 
Ex. 1001, 26:27–35. 
Also as discussed in the Institution Decision, we find irrelevant 
Petitioner’s argument that Patent Owner filed this application because they 
were motivated by competition with generics. See Pet. 18. “[I]t is not 
improper for an applicant to broaden his claims during prosecution in order 
to encompass a competitor’s products, as long as the disclosure supports the 
broadened claims.” See Liebel–Flarsheim, 358 F.3d at 909 n.2. 
We remain unpersuaded that the case law cited in the Petition 
supports Petitioner’s written description position on claim 1. As Petitioner 
notes, the issue in Gentry Gallery was that “the specification itself only 
described sofas ‘having controls on the console.’” Pet. 29 (citing Gentry 
Gallery, Inc. v. Berkline Corp., 134 F.3d 1473, 1478–79 (Fed. Cir. 1998)). 
However, the ’942 patent does not limit the treatment method to a single 
embodiment, but expressly recognizes “GDC-0199 alone can be 

--- Page 24 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
24 
administered to the human in the absence of the GA101 antibody.” 
Ex. 1001, 4:45–49. Thus, the instant fact pattern differs from Gentry 
Gallery because, here, there is express disclosure of the claimed 
embodiment, and that embodiment is also disclosed in an example. 
Ex. 1001, Figure 2; Ex. 1001, 26:27–35. 
We also find Petitioner’s reliance on ICU Medical unavailing as there 
“the specification describe[d] only medical valves with spikes.” ICU 
Medical, Inc. v. Alaris Medical Systems, Inc., 558 F.3d 1368, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 
2009). In the present case, the ’942 patent expressly describes that “GDC-
0199 alone can be administered to the human in the absence of the GA101 
antibody.” Ex. 1001, 4:45–49. Moreover, the ’942 patent exemplifies a 
situation where GDC-0199 is administered alone for three weeks. Ex. 1001, 
Figure 2; Ex. 1001, 26:27–35. 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner does not show, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claim 1 of the ’942 patent is 
unpatentable for failing to comply with the written description requirement. 
E. Written Description – Claim 2 
Claim 2 depends from claim 1 and further recites “wherein the 
escalating doses further comprise a dose of 20 mg of GDC-0199 per day for 
one week.” 
1. Petitioner’s Position 
Petitioner contends the “claims recite a precisely picked array of 
escalating doses: 50 mg and 100 mg in claim 1, adding a 20 mg cycle in 
claim 2, 200 mg in claim 3, and 400 mg in claim 5—each for ‘one week.’” 
Pet. 43. Petitioner contends that 

--- Page 25 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
25 
[w]here these specific numbers are mentioned in the 
specification, they appear in the context of a summary of “an 
embodiment wherein the GA101 antibody and GDC-0199 are 
administered to the human in multiple dosing cycles.” Ex. 1001, 
4:26-37; see also id. at 24:48-60; Ex. 1020 ¶ 124. And even there, 
nothing in those passages provides guidance, within an 
escalating-dose regimen, that each dose be given for “one week.” 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 124. 
Pet. 43. Petitioner further contends “[e]ven where the phrase ‘escalating 
doses’ appears, it presents as a laundry list, not a teaching.” Pet. 44. 
Petitioner also contends 
Patent Owner might argue that a skilled artisan could combine 
these pieces. But that possibility is not enough. The combination 
must be described. See Biogen, 18 F.4th at 1342-45 (rejecting 
written description despite each claim element being individually 
disclosed in the specification because the “skilled artisan would 
not have recognized” that the specific elements would be linked 
together); LizardTech, Inc. v. Earth Res. Mapping, Inc., 424 F.3d 
1336, 1346 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (explaining that it is not enough that 
each individual element is described) 
Pet. 47. Petitioner contends Patent Owner doesn’t explain “why a POSA 
would do daily dosing instead of weekly. Nor could they, because the patent 
does not explain what step-up dosing accomplished—much less how or why 
to tweak it. . . . That amounts to a hindsight-driven attempt to patch together 
combinations from an amalgam of disclosures.” Pet. Reply 20–21. 
2. Patent Owner’s Position 
Patent Owner contends “Claim 2 recites daily administration of 20 
mg/day for one week before the two weeks of treatment recited in 
independent claim 1 (50 mg/day, then 100 mg/day).” PO Resp. 28. Patent 
Owner contends that 

--- Page 26 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
26 
[c]olumn 24 discloses that “the amounts of GDC-0199 per dose 
administered to the patient are increased during a first dosing 
cycle.” Ex. 1001, 24:34-37. Column 24 then refers to the 
schedule of Example 2 and Figure 2 as an example of this step-
up dosing. Id., 24:37-41 (“See, e.g., FIG. 2 for an exemplary 
dosing scheme . . . .”). Column 24 goes on to disclose a small 
number of alternative dose amounts. 
PO Resp. 30. Patent Owner contends “column 24 discloses only seven 
exemplary “initial doses” below 50 mg, one of which is the 20 mg initial 
dose recited in claim 2. Ex. 2008 ¶ 144.” PO Resp. 32. Patent Owner 
contends that, 
[a]s Dr. Sharman explains, in view of the framework established 
in Example 2 and Figure 2, and the alternative dosing described 
in column 24 for use in that framework, a POSA would have 
readily understood that the inventors were in possession of the 
claimed method of treating CLL/SLL patients with the recited 
dose escalation of GDC-0199. Id. ¶ 147. 
PO Resp. 32. 
3. Analysis 
a. Experts’ views of descriptive support for claim 2 in 
’942 patent 
Dr. Gordon states “[a]t no point does the specification include every 
element of the claim (GDC-0199 monotherapy, as well as dose amount, 
timing, and sequence) in a single example.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 131. Dr. Gordon 
states “the physician would need to decide on doses, for some reason picking 
from 20, 50, 100, 200, and 400 mg as claimed, while ignoring all the others 
mentioned in certain embodiments at various points in the specification.” 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 134. Dr. Gordon states “[a]s a POSA, I see no disclosure why 
one would pick these doses, in this order, for these time periods, and all in 

--- Page 27 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
27 
the absence of an antibody, and for these particular claimed cancers.” 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 135. 
Dr. Gordon, was asked “if you focus on doses -- initial doses lower 
than 50 milligrams, there's only seven examples, right?” Ex. 2030, 163:20–
22. Dr. Gordon answered “No. I count -- lines 57 to 58 they're talking 
about, for example, 20 milligrams, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45. That’s one, two, three, 
four, five – that’s six.” Ex. 2030, 163:23–164:1. 
Dr. Sharman states the Specification at column 24 “discloses a small 
number of alternative dose amounts that can be added to or replace the 
dosing in Figure 2.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 131. Dr. Sharman states 
the specification teaches that “the amount of GDC-0199 in the 
initial doses administered to the patient can, for example, be 
between 20 mg to 60 mg (e.g., 20 mg, 25 mg, 30 mg, 35 mg, 40 
mg, 45 mg, 50 mg, 55 mg or 60 mg doses), followed by dose 
amounts of 100 mg, 200 mg, 300 mg or more of GDC-0199.” Id., 
24:55-60. 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 132. 
Dr. Sharman states “in my opinion, a POSA would have recognized 
that the inventors were in possession of dosing with the additional amounts 
recited in claims 2, 3, and 5—i.e., 20 mg (before the 50 mg dose).” Ex. 2008 
¶ 143. Dr. Sharman states “[s]ince the specification identifies the initial, 
intermediate and final doses that alternatively can be used in the dose 
escalation provided in Figure 2 for treatment of CLL/SLL, this would have 
conveyed to a POSA that a dose escalation with these recited doses would be 
useful in treating CLL/SLL.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 143. Dr. Sharman states 
I note that the specification discloses only seven exemplary 
“initial doses” below 50 mg, one of which is the 20 mg initial 
dose recited in claim 2. Id. (reciting “initial doses” of 10 mg, 20 
mg, 25 mg, 30 mg, 35 mg, 40 mg, 45 mg). The patent as a whole, 

--- Page 28 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
28 
and column 24 specifically, teaches me any one of these initial 
doses can be effectively used in the treatment method according 
to the claimed invention. In my view a POSA would have 
recognized the inventors possessed the claimed invention. 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 144. 
 
Dr. Sharman was asked “[s]o does Column 24 give you any guidance 
about which amounts can be substituted into that scheme and result in 
effective treatment?” Ex. 1034, 100:6–8. Dr. Sharman answered “[w]hen I 
look at this, there is a very narrow range of dosages from which to pick a 
starting dose, specifically between 10 to 80 milligrams, and then specifically 
laid out with the exact dosages of 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60 
milligram dosages.” Ex. 1034, 100:9–14. Responding to a question of “how 
would a POSA know which doses to select?”, Dr. Sharman stated “I find 
that this is a narrow range from which to choose dosages, and a POSA could 
pick based upon clinical experience with the medication.” Ex. 1034, 112:19–
23. 
b. Descriptive support analyzed in view of intrinsic ’942 
Specification, expert declarations, and caselaw 
Claim 2 depends from claim 1. It requires “a dose of 20 mg of GDC-
0199 per day for one week” in addition to the doses recited in claim 1 (i.e., 
“50 mg of GDC-0199 per day for one week followed by a dose of 100 mg of 
GDC-0199 per day for one week”). As explained above, we find the 
Specification sufficiently supports the dosing regime recited in claim 1. 
Patent Owner relies on the disclosures in Figure 2 and column 24 of 
the ’942 patent as support for the addition of 20 mg of GDC-0199. Figure 2 
shows administering GDC-0199 in escalating doses, with 50 mg as the 
starting dose, followed by 100 mg, and ends with 300 mg ending dose. See 

--- Page 29 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
29 
Ex. 1001, Fig. 2. Column 24 discloses “the amount of GDC-0199 in the 
initial doses administered to the patient can, for example, be between 20 mg 
to 60 mg (e.g., 20 mg, 25 mg, 30 mg, 35 mg, 45 mg, 50 mg, 55 mg or 60 mg 
doses).” Ex. 1001, 24:55–59 (emphasis added). Dr. Sharman states “any one 
of these initial doses can be effectively used in the treatment method 
according to the claimed invention.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 144. We understand Dr. 
Sharman as stating that the initial doses disclosed in column 24 may be 
substituted for one another, and we agree that the ’942 patent treats 20 mg 
and 50 mg as alternative initial doses. 
Dr. Sharman also repeatedly testifies that the ’942 patent discloses 
multiple “initial doses.” See Ex. 2008 ¶ 153 (“column 24 discloses that the 
multiple ‘initial doses’ of GDC-0199 can ‘be between 20 mg to 60 mg (e.g., 
20 mg [and] 50 mg . . .)’” (citing Ex. 1001, 24:48–60, brackets added by 
Patent Owner)); ¶ 157 (“Column 24 discusses the dose escalation of Figure 2 
and then discloses that the dose amounts of GDC-0199 in the dose escalation 
of Figure 2 can be changed to include multiple ‘initial amounts’ of ‘between 
20 mg to 60 mg (e.g., 20 mg [and] 50 mg . . .)” (citing Ex. 1001, 24:48–52, 
55–60, brackets added by Patent Owner)). The Specification, however, does 
not support Dr. Sharman’s testimony. Indeed, instead of the conjunctive 
“and” added in the brackets by Patent Owner, the Specification, in fact, 
discloses 20 mg and 50 mg as alternatives with the disjunctive “or.” See Ex. 
1001, 24:57–59. 
Our esteemed colleague in the dissent finds persuasive Dr. Sharman’s 
statement that the doses listed in column 24 can be “added to the amounts 
taught in the Figure 2 exemplary dose escalation.” See infra dissent (citing 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 141 (emphasis added by dissent)). Although the Specification 

--- Page 30 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
30 
may support the addition of intermediate and/or final doses, it does not 
support the addition of other initial doses, to the dosing regime disclosed in 
Figure 2. See Ex. 1001, 24:48–60. 
We acknowledge the ’942 patent uses the term “initial doses” in the 
plural form. Id. In our view, the plural “doses” refers to the multiple 
administrations in the initial cycle, and not multiple initial dosing amounts. 
The Specification supports our reading here. For example, the ’942 patent 
discloses “FIG. 2 for an exemplary dosing scheme where amounts of GDC-
0199 administered to patients in the first dosing cycle escalate from 50 mg 
doses the first week, to 100 mg doses the second week, to 300 mg doses the 
third week.” Id. at 24:37–41 (emphases added). In each instance, the ’942 
patent uses the plural “doses” to refer to the multiple dosing of a single 
amount. 
In addition, logically and grammatically, there cannot be more than 
one initial dose amount. See Ex. 3001 (Merriam-Webster defining “initial” 
as “of or relating to the beginning: INCIPIENT” or “placed at the beginning: 
FIRST”). Thus, if, for example, 20 mg is the initial dose, then 50 mg cannot 
also be an initial dose but rather would be an intermediate or final dose. 
Here, Patent Owner does not argue, and Dr. Sharman does not point to any 
evidence to support, the addition of 50 mg as an intermediate dose. 
The dissent states there are “generic disclosures in the ’942 patent that 
support the use of 20 mg and 50 mg in a single escalating dose series.” See 
dissent. Specifically, the dissent finds “an ordinary artisan would recognize 
selection of 20 mg as an initial value, but then selecting any dose between 20 
mg and 800 mg as an intermediate dose, and would especially recognize 50 
mg as such a dose.” Id. 

--- Page 31 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
31 
This is another instance where we disagree with our dissenting 
colleague. Factually, Patent Owner does not argue 50 mg is an intermediate 
dose. Instead, Patent Owner, relying on Dr. Sharman’s testimony, argues 50 
mg is the second “initial dose,” in addition to the 20 mg initial dose. Legally, 
we emphasize that “[i]t is not sufficient for purposes of the written 
description requirement of § 112 that the disclosure, when combined with 
the knowledge in the art, would lead one to speculate as to modifications 
that the inventor might have envisioned, but failed to disclose.” Lockwood v. 
Am. Airlines, Inc., 107 F.3d 1565, 1572 (Fed. Cir. 1997). 
Here, although the specification of the ’942 patent may be understood 
to provide blazemarks to specific initial dose values, we find no blazemarks 
for selecting two different initial doses in a single treatment regime. Even if 
it would have been obvious to select two initial doses for an escalating 
dosing cycle of GDC-0199, “a description that merely renders the invention 
obvious does not satisfy the [written description] requirement.” Ariad, 598 
F.3d at 1352. 
 
In sum, after reviewing the record, including the statements of Dr. 
Gordon and Dr. Sharman, we agree with Petitioner that a preponderance of 
the evidence on the entire record shows claim 2 lacks written descriptive 
support. 
F. Written Description – Claims 3, 5, 14, 26, 27, 30 
Claim 3 depends from claim 2, claim 5 depends from claim 3, claims 
14 and 26 are independent claims and claims 27 and 30 depend from claim 
26. Each of these claims, like claim 2, includes at least one additional dose 
of GDC-0199. Claims 3, 5, 14, and 27 recite multiple additional doses of 

--- Page 32 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
32 
GDC-0199. Claims 26 and 30 encompass dosing intervals that differ from 
those recited in claim 1. 
1. Petitioner’s position 
Petitioner contends: 
The claims recite a precisely picked array of escalating doses: 50 
mg and 100 mg in claim 1, adding a 20 mg cycle in claim 2, 200 
mg in claim 3, and 400 mg in claim 5—each for “one week.” 
Claim 14 requires all these doses in distinct cycles; claim 26 
requires just 50 mg, 100 mg, and 400 mg, with 20 mg reemerging 
in claim 27. 
Pet. 43. Petitioner contends “the full combination of 20, 50, 100, 200, and 
400 mg is nowhere to be found.” Pet. 43. 
Petitioner contends “the set of possible dosage regimes made by all 
the specification’s lists is a massive genus, and Patent Owner later tried to 
claim advantageous species of that genus without describing them up front 
or providing guidance to their selection. Ex. 1020 ¶ 139.” Pet. 45. Petitioner 
contends “the skilled artisan would need to decide on doses, picking 20, 50, 
100, 200, and 400 mg as claimed—while ignoring others from the list. See 
Ex. 1001, 4:34-37, 24:48–60 (providing laundry list of doses); Ex. 1020 ¶ 
134.” Pet. 47. Petitioner contends the “specification provides no ‘guidance’ 
on how or why one would pick these doses, in this order, for these time 
periods, in the absence of an antibody, to fight a cancer that the specification 
takes pains to explain is antibody-prone. Ex. 1020 ¶ 135.” Pet. 47–48. 
Petitioner contends “even if a skilled artisan could fill in the blanks, ‘a 
description that merely renders the invention obvious does not satisfy the 
requirement.’” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1352.” Pet. 48. 

--- Page 33 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
33 
2. Patent Owner’s position 
Patent Owner contends “[t]hese claims find support in the 
specification, starting from the dosing disclosed in Example 2 and Figure 2, 
coupled with the specification’s teaching of alternative dose amounts to the 
dosing of Example 2 and Figure 2. Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 66-67, 137–148, 169.” PO 
Resp. 29. Patent Owner contends that 
[a] POSA would have recognized that the starting, intermediate, 
and ending dosing of Example 2 and Figure 2 provides a 
framework for treating CLL/SLL with GDC-0199, and that 
column 24 discloses alternative GDC-0199 dose amounts that 
can be effectively used in this framework, leading to the dosing 
of the challenged claims. Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 140-147. Column 24 
discloses that “the amounts of GDC-0199 per dose administered 
to the patient are increased during a first dosing cycle.” Ex. 1001, 
24:34-37. Column 24 then refers to the schedule of Example 2 
and Figure 2 as an example of this step-up dosing. Id., 24:37-41 
(“See, e.g., FIG. 2 for an exemplary dosing scheme . . . .”). 
Column 24 goes on to disclose a small number of alternative dose 
amounts. 
PO Resp. 30. 
 
Patent Owner contends “to the extent that Petitioner contends that the 
specification must provide ‘blaze marks’ to meet the written description 
requirement (a contention with which Patent Owners disagree), that test is 
also met here.” PO Resp. 32. Patent Owner contends 
Column 24 calls out Figure 2 as an “exemplary dosing scheme” 
and guides a POSA to the alternative doses (also listed in column 
24) that can be used in this dosing scheme. Id. Specifically, 
column 24 refers to the dose escalation of Figure 2 and, in the 
same section, directs a POSA to a small number of additional 
doses that can be added to or replace the doses in Figure 2. Id. 
Those additional doses expressly include each of the claimed 
dose amounts in claims 2, 3, and 5. 

--- Page 34 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
34 
PO Resp. 33. Patent Owner similarly contends for claims 14, 26, and 27 that 
the “limitations of each of these claims are supported by express disclosures 
of the specification for the same reasons as described above with respect to 
claims 2, 3, and 5. Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 66-67, 149–158, 169.” PO Resp. 34. 
Patent Owner contends “Column 24 of the ’942 patent discloses a 
small number of doses from which a POSA would have recognized that the 
inventors had possessed the claimed methods using the recited doses and 
combinations. Id. ¶¶ 167-8.” PO Resp. 38. Patent Owner contends 
“Petitioner has pointed to no case law that supports a requirement that the 
specification list out every possible combination of the listed doses to 
establish written description support.” PO Resp. 39. 
3. Analysis 
a. Experts’ views of descriptive support for claims 3, 5, 14, 26 
27, and 30 in ’942 patent 
Dr. Gordon states 
The claims require specific escalating doses: 50 mg and 100 mg 
in claim 1, adding a 20 mg cycle in claim 2, 200 mg in claim 3, 
and 400 mg in claim 5—each for “one week.” Claim 14 requires 
all these doses. Claim 26 requires just 50 mg, 100 mg, and 400 
mg. These all appear in a particular order. In short, the 
combination of these particular doses in these order for these 
times is not disclosed anywhere in the specification. 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 123. Dr. Gordon states “[t]here is nothing in the specification that 
provides any guidance to make this particular combination out of all the 
possible combinations, or suggests that the inventors actually possessed this 
precise combination.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 135. 
Dr. Gordon states: 
When you consider all the possible starting doses, ending doses, 
orders, and timings, the set of possible dosage regimes made by 

--- Page 35 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
35 
all the specification’s lists is a massive set. And I do not see 
adequate guidance within the specification to show that the 
patent applicants described principles of which ones from those 
combinations would work to be efficacious or to avoid TLS or 
other concerns. 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 139. 
Dr. Gordon was asked “Can we go back to Column 24? So I'm 
looking back again at lines 48 through 60. Do you agree that this expressly 
lists just 16 doses?” Ex. 2030, 171:4–8. Dr. Gordon stated: 
No, I don't agree with that statement. That's a generalization. . . . 
there's quite a bit of a range, even though later on in that 
paragraph there are some examples given, those are just 
examples, but that doesn't mean it's an all-exclusive example, 
especially when there's discussion of ranges. . . . So there's 
potentially a lot more than 16 doses if one reads the text of that 
paragraph. 
Ex. 2030, 171:9–172:19. 
Dr. Sharman states “I disagree with Dr. Gordon’s arguments that the 
exact combinations are not taught in the specification, id. ¶ 135, and that the 
specification discloses a “fixed-dose aspect of GDC-0199 administration,” 
id. ¶ 134.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 165. Dr. Sharman states 
a POSA would have recognized that the dosing in Example 2 and 
Figure 2 is “exemplary,” but that the doses in Example 2 and 
Figure 2 are not the only doses to be used. Specifically, column 
24 calls out Figure 2 as an “exemplary dosing scheme” and 
guides a POSA to the alternative doses (also listed in column 24) 
that can be used in this dosing scheme. Id., 24:34-41, 24:48-60. 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 133. Dr. Sharman states “column 24 discloses that the multiple 
‘initial doses’ of GDC-0199 can ‘be between 20 mg to 60 mg (e.g., 20 mg 
[and] 50 mg . . .),’ ‘followed by dose amounts of 100 mg [or] 200 mg,’ with 
a ‘final amount[] of . . . 400 mg.’ Id.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 153. Dr. Sharman states 

--- Page 36 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
36 
that as “a clinician and a POSA at the time, given the teachings of Figure 2, I 
would have found these to be acceptable options for use in a dose escalation 
treatment method.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 153. Dr. Sharman states “[i]n linking the 
dose escalation of Figure 2 to the additional doses in column 24, and given 
the Examples that teach independent activity with GDC-0199, the 
specification provides ‘blaze marks’ that guide me to the claimed invention.” 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 154. 
Dr. Sharman was asked “[h]ow many possible combinations of 16 
dose amounts are there in dose escalation treatment or cycle?” and answered 
“I think that the purpose here is that a dose escalation is safe and effective. 
It’s the totality of therapy that is safe and effective, so the number of 
possible combinations isn’t one I can calculate currently.” Ex. 1034, 146:14–
22. 
b. Descriptive support analyzed in view of intrinsic ’942 
Specification, expert declarations, and caselaw 
 
In the Institution Decision, we provisionally determined that claims 3, 
5, 6, 14, 26, 27, and 30 lacked descriptive support, and the additional 
evidence in the Sharman Declaration does not persuade us otherwise. As we 
analyze these claims, we find support in Schaumann for the logic that 
selection of multiple species is not immediately envisaged and therefore 
reasonably is not described: 
 
Even if we take the 10 examples of the French or the 12 
examples of the Swedish reference, take them apart and 
recombine them into different compounds than those named, we 
do not get a small recognizable class with common properties. 
We would apparently get from the French patent some 130 and 
from the Swedish some 156 compounds. And in doing this we 
are not dealing with such closely related units as the H and CH 3 

--- Page 37 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
37 
and the five hydroxyalkyl components in Petering but with such 
widely differing R 1 choices as p-acylaminobenzene, diphenyl, 
B-naphthalene and dimethylbenzene, to name a few from the 
thirteen possible choices. And for the R 3 choices there are such 
diverse radicals as ethyl, dodecyl, benzyl, and B-naphthyl. We 
will not apply the Petering type of analysis to such a situation. 
Schaumann, 572 F.2d at 316. 
We note regarding claim 26 that the ’942 patent requires not only 
selection of the 400 mg dose but also selection from a large number of 
possible dosing periods: 
A dosing period as used herein is meant a period of time, during 
which each therapeutic agent has been[] administered at least 
once. A dosing cycle is usually about 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 
11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 
28, 29, or 30 days, and, in one embodiment, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 
13, or 14 days, for example, 7 or 14 days. In certain 
embodiments, a dosing period is a dosing cycle. 
Ex. 1001, 17:29–38. Claim 26 administers GDC-0199 doses for 400 mg for 
an undefined period and therefore fails to satisfy the description 
requirement. And while we acknowledge that Dr. Sharman asserts that the 
description in column 24 of the ’942 patent is sufficient to select any 
combination of doses of GDC-0199, we do not, as a matter of law, find this 
persuasive. 
Specifically, Figure 2 shows administration of three doses of GDC-
0199 of 50 mg for a week, 100 mg for a week, and 300 mg for a week. 
Selection of one additional dose for administration with the three recited 
doses in Figure 2 from the list in column 24 is reasonably understood as a 
selection from a genus of at most thirteen recited choices of 10 mg, 20 mg, 
25 mg, 30 mg, 35 mg, 40 mg, 45 mg, 55 mg, 60 mg, 80 mg, 190 mg, 200 
mg, and 400 mg. See Ex. 1001, 24:48–60. However, selection of two 

--- Page 38 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
38 
additional doses for administration with the three recited doses in Figure 2 
would result in a choice from thirteen recited doses multiplied by a choice 
from twelve recited doses, resulting in 156 possible combinations of doses. 
 
While each of these 156 possible dose combinations may be obvious, 
“a description that merely renders the invention obvious does not satisfy the 
requirement.” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1352. And Schaumann found that genus 
sizes of approximately 150 was insufficient to establish anticipation, 
supporting the reasoning that while such selections might, in some 
situations, be obvious, they do not satisfy the anticipation and analogous 
description requirement. Novozmyes found such selection insufficient where 
the patent “provides formal textual support for each individual limitation 
recited in the claims . . . [but] nowhere describes the actual functioning 
[invention] . . . that those limitations together define.” Novozymes A/S v. 
Dupont Nutrition Biosciences APS, 723 F.3d 1336, 1349 (Fed. Cir. 2013). 
Instead, claims 3, 5, 6, 14, 25–27, and 30 seek “to derive written description 
support from an amalgam of disclosures plucked selectively from the” ’942 
patent. Id. at 1349. 
 
We are not persuaded that the sort of picking and choosing required to 
obtain two or more different dose amounts used in each cycle would “clearly 
allow persons of ordinary skill in the art to recognize that [the inventor] 
invented what is claimed.” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1351. “Although this case 
[Purdue] differs from Ruschig in that what was disclosed in Ruschig was a 
genus encompassing potentially half a million compounds, the rationale 
applies equally to this case, in which the . . . patent discloses a multitude of 
pharmacokinetic parameters.” Purdue Pharma L.P. v. Faulding Inc., 230 

--- Page 39 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
39 
F.3d 1320, 1326 (Fed Cir. 2000) (citing In re Ruschig, 379 F.2d 990 (CCPA 
1967). 
Claim 14, in particular, recites a GDC-0199 dosing regimen 
“compris[ing] a dose of 20 mg per day for one week, a dose of 50 mg per 
day for one week, a dose of 100 mg per day for one week, a dose of 200 mg 
of GDC-0199 per day for one week, and a dose of 400 mg per day.” Unlike 
for claim 1, such disclosure is not found in a single example, but results 
from picking and choosing three separate selections from column 24. “The 
written description requirement is not met when, as here, the specification 
provides at best disparate disclosures that an artisan might have been able to 
combine in order to make the claimed invention.” Flash-Control, LLC v. 
Intel Corp., 2021 WL 2944592 *4 (Fed. Cir. 2021) (citing Ariad, 598 F.3d at 
1352.) 
We therefore find persuasive Petitioner’s argument that “the set of 
possible dosage regimes made by all the specification’s lists is a massive 
genus, and Patent Owner later tried to claim advantageous species of that 
genus without describing them up front or providing guidance to their 
selection. Ex. 1020 ¶ 139.” Pet. 45. 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner shows, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 3, 5, 14, 26, 27, and 30 of the ’942 patent are 
unpatentable as failing to comply with the written description requirement. 
G. Written Description – Claims 6 and 25 
Claims 6 and 25 depend from claims 1 and 14, respectively, and 
further require that “administration of GDC-0199 to the patient results in 
reduced tumor burden to the patient with acceptable toxicity.” 

--- Page 40 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
40 
1. Petitioner’s Position 
Petitioner contends “Patent Owners cannot dispute that their patent 
does not explicitly disclose reducing tumor burden See POR 45-48.” Pet. 
Reply 22. Petitioner contends “Patent Owners also fail to argue that the 
patent discloses using an escalating-dose GDC-0199 monotherapy to shrink 
tumors. They can only point to negative controls in examples showing less 
tumor growth. POR 45-46.” Pet. Reply 22. Petitioner contends 
Patent Owners also suggest that “acceptable toxicity” is 
disclosed because a POSA would know it means that “side 
effects should be proportional to risk of the disease.” POR 48. 
But the patent itself says nothing about this. Dr. Sharman only 
testified that a POSA would want to balance efficacy and side 
effects. POR 48; Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 179-80. Again, that is obviousness. 
Pet. Reply 23. 
2. Patent Owner’s Position 
Patent Owner contends “Example 1 of the ’942 patent, the results of 
which are shown in Figure 1 . . . shows that GDC-0199 alone has 
independent activity in reducing tumor burden as compared to the control.” 
PO Resp. 45. Patent Owner contends “[w]ithin 3 weeks of treatment, 
administering GDC-0199 alone led to 80% tumor growth inhibition relative 
to placebo.” PO Resp. 46. Patent Owner contends a “POSA would also have 
recognized that Example 4 specifically states and demonstrates that ‘single-
agent treatment with GDC-0199 following combination with GA101’ 
‘resulted in a significant delay in tumor growth’ and thus ‘sustains efficacy 
in vivo.’ Ex. 1001, 28:13-29; Ex. 2008 ¶ 175.” PO Resp. 47. Patent Owner 
contends: 
As Dr. Sharman explains, it would have been well known to a 
POSA that side effects should be proportional to risk of the 

--- Page 41 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
41 
disease. [Ex. 2008] ¶ 179. A POSA would have wanted the 
likelihood of benefit to outweigh the likelihood of risk, and 
would have understood that unacceptable toxicity occurs when 
side effects cause death, permanent injury or loss of organ 
function, or a similar serious adverse event which would not have 
occurred in the absence of treatment. [Ex. 2008] ¶ 180; Ex. 2025 
at 13–26. 
PO Resp. 48. 
3. Analysis 
a. Experts’ views of descriptive support for claims 6 and 25 in 
’942 patent 
 
Dr. Gordon states “I note that claims 6 and 30 recite a GDC-0199 
monotherapy that ‘results in reduced tumor burden in the patient with 
acceptable toxicity.’ Nothing in the specification discloses this limitation.” 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 81. In his deposition, Dr. Gordon addressed reduced tumor 
burden and stated that “You can delay or inhibit tumor growth and not 
shrink a tumor back, you just can prevent it from getting bigger, which is 
different from shrinking a tumor back.” Ex. 2030, 20:6–9. 
 Dr. Gordon states: 
“Acceptable toxicity” is only mentioned in Example 2, and even 
there it is only mentioned to propose that, during a combination 
therapy treatment, GDC-0199 will continue to be administered 
“if they have acceptable toxicity.” Ex. 1001 at 26:59-67 
(emphasis added). Nowhere else is “toxicity” of GDC-0199 
mentioned at all. Nor are criteria for what is “acceptable.” 
Overall, there is nothing demonstrating that the inventors 
actually possessed the claimed GDC-0199 escalating-dose 
monotherapy with acceptable toxicity. 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 81. Dr. Gordon states “the specification does not explain what 
‘toxicity’ means or how it would be “acceptable.” As a POSA, I understand 
this term to be a completely subjective judgment, as what is acceptable in 

--- Page 42 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
42 
one treatment for one patient might not be acceptable for another.” Ex. 1020 
¶ 82. 
Dr. Sharman states “[e]xample 1 of the ’942 patent shows that GDC-
0199 alone has independent activity in reducing tumor burden as compared 
to the control. Specifically, in Example 1, the administration of GDC-0199 
alone resulted in ‘demonstrated [tumor] stasis followed by tumor growth 
delay.’ Ex. 1001, 25:65-67.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 171. Dr. Sharman states that 
“[w]hile Example 1 and Figure 1 discuss non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma 
(‘NHL’), in my opinion, a POSA would have recognized from Example 1 
that the effects of GDC-0199 alone would also demonstrate independent 
activity when used for the treatment of CLL or SLL.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 172. 
Dr. Sharman states 
The specification further states that “GDC-0199 monotherapy 
may be continued in patients beyond 6–7 cycles of combination 
treatment described above (e.g., if they have acceptable toxicity 
and have not yet achieved maximal clinical response (i.e., are 
having continued improvement/reduction in tumor burden that 
has not yet stabilized for at least 2 months)). 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 177 (citing Ex. 1001, 26:59–64.) Dr. Sharman states “[f]rom the 
disclosure of monotherapy being continued with ‘acceptable toxicity’ and 
where the monotherapy is expected to result in ‘reduction in tumor burden,’ 
a POSA would have recognized that administration of GDC-0199 occurs 
with acceptable toxicity and some reduction in tumor burden, as recited in 
claims 6, 25.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 178. Dr. Sharman states “[a] POSA would have 
understood that ‘acceptable toxicity’ means the side effects of therapy do not 
outweigh the clinical balance of drug activity.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 179. 

--- Page 43 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
43 
b. Descriptive support analyzed in view of intrinsic ’942 
Specification, expert declarations, and caselaw 
Petitioner did not address claims 6 and 25 in the petition.4 The burden 
to show that these claims in the ’942 patent are not described rests on 
Petitioner. See Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (“[T]he petitioner has the burden from the onset to show with 
particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.”) 
[T]he hallmark of written description is disclosure. . . . the test 
requires an objective inquiry into the four corners of the 
specification from the perspective of a person of ordinary skill in 
the art. Based on that inquiry, the specification must describe an 
invention understandable to that skilled artisan and show that the 
inventor actually invented the invention claimed. 
Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1351. Here, the Specification of the ’942 patent teaches 
GDC- 0199 monotherapy may be continued in patients . . . if they 
have acceptable toxicity and have not yet achieved maximal 
clinical response (i.e., are having continued improvement/ 
reduction in tumor burden that has not yet stabilized for at least 
2 months)). Such patients may continue GDC-0199 monotherapy 
until they have achieved maximal response. 
Ex. 1001 26:58–66. And while Dr. Gordon states the Specification lacks 
any disclosure of “reduced tumor burden” or “acceptable toxicity”, these two 
phrases are expressly recited in column 26 of the ’942 patent. As to actual 
efficacy, Dr. Sharman points out that Figure 1 of the ’942 patent 
demonstrates that treatment with GDC-0199 reduces the tumor burden in the 
NHL mouse model relative to the tumor burden present in mouse treated 
with saline. Ex. 2008 ¶ 171. We also credit Dr. Sharman’s understanding of 
 
4 While we express concern that Petitioner did not address claims 6 and 25 
with particularity in the Petition, the claim language and Specification of the 
’942 patent supports the patentability of these claims. 

--- Page 44 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
44 
“acceptable toxicity” as balancing drug efficacy with side effects. Ex. 2008 
¶ 179. 
 Accordingly, we find that Petitioner does not show, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claims 6 and 25 of the ’942 patent are 
unpatentable for failing to comply with the written description requirement. 
 
III. CONCLUSION 
After considering the evidence and arguments presently before us in 
the complete trial record, we conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that Challenged Claims 2, 3, 5, 14, 26, 27, 
and 30 are unpatentable.5 We conclude that Petitioner has not demonstrated, 
by a preponderance of the evidence, that Challenged Claims 1, 6, and 25 are 
unpatentable. 
In summary: 
 
5 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the Challenged Claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding, 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 3, 
5, 6, 14, 
25, 26, 
27, 30 
112(a) 
Written 
Description 
2, 3, 5, 14, 26, 
27, 30 
1, 6, 25 

--- Page 45 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
45 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is: 
ORDERED that claims 2, 3, 5, 14, 26, 27, and 30 of U.S. Patent 
10,993,942 B2 are determined to be unpatentable; and 
ORDERED that claims 1, 6, and 25 of U.S. Patent 10,993,942 B2 are 
not determined to be unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 46 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
46 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
DR. REDDY’s LABORATORIES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
GENENTECH, INC., HOFFMAN-LA ROCHE AG, and ABBVIE INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
 
FREDMAN, Administrative Patent Judge, Concurring-in-part, Dissenting-
in-part. 
 
 
I agree with the Majority decision and reasoning that a preponderance 
of the evidence supports Patent Owner’s position that challenged claims 1, 6, 
and 25 have descriptive support in the ’942 patent. I also agree with the 
Majority’s position that a preponderance of the evidence supports 
Petitioner’s position that claims 3, 5, 6, 14, 25–27, and 30 of the ’942 patent 
are unpatentable as failing to comply with the written description 
requirement. My disagreement with the Majority solely focuses on claim 2 
in the ’942 patent. 
 
A “disclosure need not recite the claimed invention in haec verba.” 
Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1352. The disclosure need only “clearly allow persons of 
ordinary skill in the art to recognize that the inventor invented what is 

--- Page 47 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
47 
claimed.” Id. at 1351. In Snitzer v. Etzel, 465 F.2d 899, 902 (CCPA 1972), 
the court considered selection of an ion for use in a laser where the 
specification at issue “states that the fourteen expressly named ions may be 
used ‘separately or in various combinations.’” The court determined that “to 
approach this case realistically, the specification must be viewed as 
emphasizing the fourteen named ions. . . . and under these circumstances, we 
see no reason to hold that which is plainly described not to be described.” Id. 
at 903. 
I recognize the Majority found that claim 2 lacks descriptive support 
in the Institution Decision, but this preliminary determination was made 
prior to Patent Owner’s submission of the Sharman Declaration. Ex. 2008. 
On this more complete record, I rely on Dr. Sharman’s statement that “in my 
opinion, a POSA would have recognized that the inventors were in 
possession of dosing with the additional amounts recited in claims 2, 3, and 
5—i.e., 20 mg (before the 50 mg dose).” Ex. 2008 ¶ 143. Dr. Sharman 
teaches that “the doses listed in column 24 can be substituted for or added to 
the amounts taught in the Figure 2 exemplary dose escalation.” 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 141. Dr. Sharman’s use of the word “added” and the plural term 
“doses” is reasonably understood as allowing for selection of two or more 
different initial doses. Dr. Sharman provides the reasoned logic for selection 
of one of these seven initial doses that “this is a narrow range from which to 
choose dosages, and a POSA could pick based upon clinical experience with 
the medication.” Ex. 1034, 112:19–23. Dr. Sharman states “[i]n my view a 
POSA would have recognized the inventors possessed the claimed 
invention.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 144. 

--- Page 48 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
48 
I appreciate the Majority’s reasoning that there cannot be two initial 
doses in a single escalating dose administration of GDC-0199. However, I 
am not persuaded by the Majority’s reliance on the definition of the word 
“initial,” particularly when the ’942 Specification recites “initial doses.” Ex. 
1001, 24:56. There is no recited requirement that these “initial doses” are the 
same dose and the ordinary understanding of a plural term such as doses is 
reasonably understood to teach not only that multiple doses of the same 
amount may be selected, but that multiple doses selected from the 
immediately following list of seven recited “initial doses” may be selected. 
Moreover, I am persuaded by Dr. Sharman’s statement that the doses 
of column 24 can be “added to the amounts taught in the Figure 2 exemplary 
dose escalation.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 141 (emphasis added). There are also more 
generic disclosures in the ’942 patent that support the use of 20 mg and 50 
mg in a single escalating dose series such as the statement that GDC-0199 
is administered each day of the dosing cycles of the multiple 
dosing cycles that follow the initial dosing cycle. The amount of 
GDC-0199 administered per day can be between about 10 mg to 
about 1,000 mg, about 20 mg to about 800 mg, about 20 mg to 
about 500 mg, or between about 50 mg to about 300 mg. 
Ex. 1001, 4:32–37. That is, I find that an ordinary artisan would recognize 
selection of 20 mg as an initial value, but then selecting any dose between 20 
mg and 800 mg as an intermediate dose, and would especially recognize 50 
mg as such a dose because 50 mg was expressly listed as a dose choice at 
column 24, line 58 and was shown as a dose used in figure 2. 
 
To the extent that the blazemark analysis of In re Ruschig, 379 F.2d 
990 (CCPA 1967) applies here, the specification of the ’942 patent provides 
blazemarks to the specific initial dose values recited in column 24 of the 

--- Page 49 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
49 
Specification that would be immediately envisaged by the person of ordinary 
skill. 
 
In my view, the immediately envisaged analysis of In re Schaumann, 
572 F.2d 312, 316–317 (CCPA (1978) applies here. In Schaumann, the 
CCPA found that in a disclosure which “embraces a very limited number of 
compounds closely related to one another in structure, we are led inevitably 
to the conclusion that the reference provides a description of those 
compounds just as surely as if they were identified in the reference by 
name.” In my view, that same inevitable reasoning applies here, where claim 
2 represents a single selection from a list of seven specifically recited doses. 
And while Schaumann was not addressing written description, I would 
contend that anticipation and written description are opposite sides of the 
same coin and the same reasoning should apply to both as a matter of 
fairness. 
 
I therefore agree with Patent Owner that a preponderance of the 
evidence of record—including the statements of Dr. Sharman—supports a 
finding of written descriptive support for claim 2 and that Petitioner did not 
meet their burden to show unpatentability. 
 
Fundamentally, I do not take as constricted a view of the written 
description requirement as does the Majority and do not believe the caselaw 
requires that literal ipsis verbis is required for any claim amendment. I find 
the Specification would clearly allow persons of ordinary skill in the art to 
immediately envisage and recognize invention of single selection of a 20 mg 
dose in combination with the 50 mg and 100 mg escalating doses in Figure 2 
of the ’942 Patent for treatment of CLL/SLL as required by the specific 
embodiment of claim 2. 

--- Page 50 ---
PGR2022-00023 
Patent 10,993,942 B2 
 
50 
PETITIONER: 
 
Brandon White 
Jonathan Tietz 
PERKINS COIE LLP 
white-ptab@perkinscoie.com 
tietz-ptab@perkinscoie.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
 
Anthony Insogna 
Matthew Johnson 
JONES DAY 
aminsogna@jonesday.com 
mwjohnson@jonesday.com