--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 50 
571-272-7822 
Entered: November 15, 2022 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
PFIZER, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
UNIQURE BIOPHARMA B.V., 
Patent Owner. 
____________ 
 
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
____________ 
 
Before ERICA A. FRANKLIN, ROBERT A. POLLOCK, and 
JULIA HEANEY, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
HEANEY, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
2 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Pfizer Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition to institute an inter partes 
review of claims 2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 of U.S. Patent No. 9,982,248 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’248 patent”). Paper 1 (“Petition” or “Pet.”). uniQure 
Biopharma B.V. (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 13. 
Petitioner also filed a Notice Regarding Multiple Petitions. Paper 2. Patent 
Owner filed a Response to Petitioner’s Notice Regarding Multiple Petitions. 
Paper 12. With the Board’s authorization, Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent 
Owner’s Preliminary Response and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply to 
Petitioner’s Reply. Paper 14; Paper 15. Taking into account the arguments 
presented in all of these papers, we determined the information presented in 
the Petition established that there was a reasonable likelihood that Petitioner 
would prevail in challenging at least one of claims 2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 
of the ’248 patent, and we instituted this inter partes review as to all 
challenged claims. Paper 16 (“Dec. on Inst.”). 
During the course of trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner 
Response (Paper 33, “PO Resp.”); Petitioner filed a Reply to the Patent 
Owner Response (Paper 38, “Pet. Reply”); Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply 
(Paper 44, “PO Sur-reply”). 
Petitioner filed declarations of Lee Pedersen Ph.D. (Ex. 1094) 
(“Pedersen Declaration”) and Lili Wang Ph.D. (Ex. 1003) (“Wang 
Declaration”) in support of the Petition. Petitioner also filed declarations of 
Dr. Wang (Ex. 1100) and Dr. Pedersen (Ex. 1101) with its Reply. Patent 
Owner filed declarations of Christopher Doering Ph.D. (Ex. 2102) and 
P. Clint Spiegel Ph.D. (Ex. 2101) with its Response. The parties also filed 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
3 
 
transcripts of the depositions of Dr. Pedersen (Exs. 2130, 2146), Dr. Wang 
(Exs. 2114, 2147), Dr. Doering (Ex. 1102), and Dr. Spiegel (Ex.1103). 
An oral hearing was held on August 18, 2022, and a transcript of the 
hearing is included in the record. Paper 49 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. This decision is a Final 
Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) as to the patentability of claims 
2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 of the ’248 patent. For the reasons discussed 
below, we hold that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 are unpatentable. 
A. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself, Pfizer Inc., as the real party-in-interest. 
Pet. 4. Patent Owner identifies itself, uniQure Biopharma B.V., and its 
exclusive licensee, CSL Behring LLC (a division of CSL Limited), as real 
parties-in-interest. Paper 6. 
B. 
Related Proceedings and Chain of Priority 
Petitioner concurrently challenges a different set of claims of the ’248 
patent in IPR2021-00925 (“the ’925 IPR”). Pet. 4; Paper 6. Petitioner 
previously challenged claims of related U.S. Patent No. 9,249,405 B2 (“the 
’405 patent”) in IPR2020-00388 (“the ’388 IPR”); that proceeding was 
terminated on March 25, 2021, upon Patent Owner’s request for adverse 
judgment. See IPR2020-00388, Paper 52. 
Petitioner also filed a petition seeking inter partes review of claims of 
U.S. Patent No. 10,465,180 (“the ’180 patent”), which issued from 
application No. US 2018/0258413 Al, which is a continuation of application 
No. 15/650,070 (which issued as the ’248 patent), which is a continuation of 
application No. 14/981,981 (“the ’981 application”), which is a continuation 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
4 
 
of application No. 13/063,898 (“the ’898 application”), filed as application 
No. PCT/EP2009/061935 on Sep. 15, 2009 (which issued as the ’405 
patent). Pet. 4; IPR2020-00928 (“the ’928 IPR”), Paper 1. The ’180, ’248, 
and ’405 patents share substantially the same specification. 
Application No. 13/063,898 further claims priority to Italian 
Applications, filed May 6, 2009 and September 15, 2009 (“the Italian 
applications”). Ex. 1057, code [30]; Ex. 1010, 5; see Ex. 1001, code [30]. 
Petitioner asserts the ’248 patent’s earliest claimed priority date of 
September 15, 2008 applies to Grounds 1 and 2 of the Petition and does “not 
depend on any adjudication of priority.” Pet. 12. Petitioner further asserts 
none of claims 2, 5, 6, 11–13, 17, and 18 can claim priority to an earlier 
application and “[a]s such, they only have priority to July 14, 2017, when 
the ’070 application was filed.” Id. 
C. 
The ’248 Patent 
The ’248 patent, titled “Factor IX Polypeptide Mutant, Its Uses and 
Method for Its Production,” describes a modified Factor IX (FIX)1 
“polypeptide, a nucleotide sequence, a vector comprising said nucleotide 
sequence and a method for producing the modified FIX polypeptide.” 
Ex. 1001, code [54], 1:25–28. FIX is a vitamin K-dependent glycoprotein, 
synthesized in the liver, and playing a fundamental role in the coagulation 
cascade. Id. at 1:35–39. A deficiency in FIX can cause a number of 
coagulation diseases (coagulopathies) including hemophilia B. Id. at 
 
 
 
1 “Factor IX,” “FIX,” and “F.IX” are used interchangeably in the record. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
5 
 
2:20–22. In humans, the mRNA encoding Factor IX encodes the synthesis 
of a 461 amino acid precursor (SEQ ID NO:1), which includes N-terminal 
signal peptide and propeptide domains. Id. at 1:61–2:6. Upon cleavage of 
these N-terminal domains, the mature form of Factor IX, represented by 
SEQ ID NO:2, “circulates in plasma as a single chain zymogen composed of 
415 amino acids.” Id. at 1:39–40, 2:6–14. 
The Specification explains that patients with severe hemophilia B 
“present serious haemorrhagic manifestations which can be controlled or 
avoided by administering FIX concentrates of extractive (from human 
plasma) or of recombinant origin, currently only available in a single 
commercial formulation.” Id. at 2:32–36. According to the ’248 patent: 
Attempts to correct the genetic defect by means of gene therapy 
have so far been fruitless because of various problems. These 
include firstly those connected to the low efficiency of 
expression in man of FIX levels in plasma i.e. around 1%, 
hence not sufficient to correct the disease; those connected to 
the immunogenicity of treatment with viral vectors; finally 
those connected to the side effects of gene therapy itself which 
include hepatitis, myositis and others. 
Id. at 2:37–44. The Specification further indicates that variants with 
increased FIX activity are known in the art. Id. at 2:56–64. In particular, the 
Specification cites WO 99/03496 (Stafford) as disclosing a “recombinant 
FIX arginine 338 alanine mutant which resulted in a gain-of-function whose 
activity levels are 2-3 folds higher than that found in wild type FIX.” Id. at 
2:64–3:1. According to the Specification, however, there is no evidence of 
in vivo human testing with “modified recombinant FIX with gain-of-
function for the prophylaxis and treatment of patients affected by 
haemophilia,” or “tests conducted in vivo in man with administrations of 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
6 
 
modified recombinant FIX which show the absence of side effects.” Id. at 
3:13–17. 
The ’248 patent thus discloses preparation of viral vectors comprising 
a nucleotide sequence for a modified FIX polypeptide and their use in gene 
therapy for the treatment of hemophilia B. Id. at 21:59–63. With respect to 
Factor IX variants, the ’180 patent discloses Factor IX polypeptides wherein 
the arginine (“R”) that normally occurs at position 338 of mature factor IX is 
replaced by another amino acid. See e.g., id. at Abstract (listing nine amino 
acid substitutions), 15:53–18:19 (Examples with R338 substituted with 
leucine (“L”)), 18:21–19:23 (Example with R338 substituted with Aspartic 
Acid (“D”)), 19:53–21:52 (Examples with R338 substituted with Glutamine 
“Q”)). 
In Example 14, the ’248 patent summarizes the results testing R338L, 
R338D, and R338Q substitution variants. Id. at 20:54–21:63. The 
Specification states that the R338L variant “shows 8 to 9 folds increased 
functional activity as compared to” wild-type Factor IX and, in light of its 
“efficiency and yield” is “the best choice for the use of FIX mutants in gene 
therapy by using viral vectors.” Id. at 21:46–47, 59–63. 
D. 
The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 (“the 
challenged claims”) of the ’248 patent. Pet. 1. Claims 2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, 
and 18 depend from claim 1. Independent claim 1 is reproduced below: 
1. A method of treating a coagulopathy in a human patient, 
comprising administering a vector to the human patient, wherein: 
a. the vector is an adeno-associated virus; 
b. the vector comprises a nucleic acid encoding a modified 
FIX 
polypeptide, 
the 
modified 
FIX 
polypeptide 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
7 
 
comprising at least 70% identity to SEQ ID NO: 2 and a 
leucine in position 338 of SEQ ID NO: 2; and 
c. the vector comprises promoter sequences and transcription 
termination and control elements; 
thereby treating the coagulopathy. 
Ex. 1001, 45:20–30. 
Claims 2 and 5 are illustrative of the subject matter of the challenged 
claims and are reproduced below: 
2. The method of claim 1, wherein the modified FIX polypeptide 
is expressed in the human patient at a level of least five fold less 
than the level of wild-type FIX of SEQ ID NO: 2 in a healthy 
human lacking the coagulopathy. 
Id. at 45:31–34. 
5. The method of claim 1, wherein the adeno-associated virus 
vector is administered at a dose of 1 to 1014 particles per kilogram 
of patient weight. 
Id. at 45:40–42. 
E. 
Instituted Grounds of Unpatentability 
We instituted inter partes review on the following grounds of 
unpatentability, which are all the grounds presented in the Petition. Pet. 11: 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
8 
 
Ground Challenged 
Claims 
35 U.S.C.2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
2, 4–6, 11–13, 
17, 18 
§ 103 
Stafford,3 Manno4 
2 
2, 4–6, 11–13, 
17, 18 
§ 103 
Stafford, Manno, 
Schuettrumpf,5 Hasbrouck6 
3 
2, 5, 6, 11–13 
§ 102(a) 
Monahan7 
4 
2, 5, 6, 11–13, 
17, 18 
§ 103 
Monahan 
 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Factors pertinent to a determination of the level of ordinary skill in the 
art include: “(1) educational level of the inventor; (2) type of problems 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”) included revisions to 35 
U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 that became effective on March 16, 2013. Because 
we determine the priority date of the challenged claims is the ’248 patent’s 
filing date of July 14, 2017 (see infra II.E), we apply the AIA versions of the 
statutory bases for unpatentability. 
3 WO 99/03496 A1 to Stafford et al., published Jan. 28, 1999 (Ex. 1004). 
4 Manno et al., Successful transduction of liver in hemophilia by AAV-
Factor IX and limitations imposed by the host immune response, 12 NATURE 
MEDICINE 3:342–47, Feb. 12, 2006 (Ex. 1017). 
5 Schuettrumpf et al., Factor IX variants improve gene therapy efficacy for 
hemophilia B, 105 BLOOD 6:2316–23, Mar. 15, 2005 (Ex. 1005). 
6 Hasbrouck et al., AAV-mediated gene transfer for the treatment of 
hemophilia B: problems and prospect, 15 GENE THERAPY 870–75, Apr. 24, 
2008 (Ex. 1020). 
7 Monahan et al., Update on a phase 1/2 open-label trial of BAX335, an 
adeno-associated virus 8 (AAV8) vector-based gene therapy program for 
hemophilia B, 13 INTERNATIONAL SOCIETY ON THROMBOSIS AND 
HAEMOSTASIS 87, 2015 (Ex. 1062). 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
9 
 
encountered in the art; (3) prior art solutions to those problems; (4) rapidity 
with which innovations are made; (5) sophistication of the technology; and 
(6) educational level of workers active in the field.” Envtl. Designs, Ltd. v. 
Union Oil Co., 713 F.2d 693, 696–697 (Fed. Cir. 1983) (citing Orthopedic 
Equip. Co. v. All Orthopedic Appliances, Inc., 707 F.2d 1376, 1381–82 (Fed. 
Cir. 1983)). Not all such factors may be present in every case, and one or 
more of these or other factors may predominate in a particular case. Id. 
Petitioner argues a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the 
invention “can possess the skills and experience of multiple individuals 
working together as a team” and that “[r]esearch teams working to develop 
protein variants for gene therapy generally included at least (i) one or more 
clinicians or clinical researchers with experience in gene therapy, working 
together with (ii) one or more individuals with experience in protein 
engineering.” Pet. 14–15 (citing Ex. 1094 ¶ 19; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 47–49). 
According to Petitioner, a person of ordinary skill in the art, therefore, 
“would have had at least the relevant skills of those team members, in 
addition to knowledge of the literature concerning protein structure 
generally, factor IX in particular, and gene therapy.” Id. at 15. 
Patent Owner argues that a person of ordinary skill “has the skills of a 
person or team of persons with at least three years of experience studying the 
treatment of coagulopathy, as well as at least three years of experience in 
protein engineering or gene therapy.” PO Resp. 13. 
In our Decision on Institution, although we agreed with Patent Owner 
that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have experience in the treatment of 
coagulopathy, we applied a broader definition of a person of ordinary skill in 
the art, as articulated by Drs. Wang and Pedersen. See Ex. 1003 ¶ 48; 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
10 
 
Ex. 1094 ¶ 19. We determined a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have the skill of a research team working to develop factor IX variants and 
gene therapies, where that team would include “(1) one or more researchers 
with experience in the fields of molecular biology and virology and the use 
of gene therapy for treatment of coagulopathies, working together with (2) 
one or more individuals with experience in protein structure or engineering;” 
and where the individuals working on the team have an advanced degree and 
several years of experience in a relevant discipline. See id. 
Patent Owner states its positions on patentability of the challenged 
claims “would not change under that construction or Petitioner’s proposed 
definition ....” PO Resp. 13. Accordingly, we apply the definition of a 
person of ordinary skill in the art set forth supra and in our Decision on 
Institution. 
B. Claim Construction 
Petitioner proposed construction of five terms: “vector,” “treating,” 
“percentage identity,” “promoter,” and “particles per kilogram.” Pet. 12–14. 
In our Decision on Institution, we determined that we did not need to 
explicitly construe any claim terms at that stage of the proceeding. See 
Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 
1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“we need only construe terms ‘that are in 
controversy, and only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy’” 
(quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 
(Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
In its Response, Patent Owner states it “does not believe any term 
requires construction for this proceeding.” PO Resp. 14. Petitioner, on the 
other hand, continues to argue that construction of the term “treating” is 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
11 
 
necessary to resolve the parties’ controversy. Pet. Reply 2. Petitioner 
contends the ’248 patent defines “treat” or “treatment of a pathology” as 
“the prophylaxis and/or therapy and/or cure of this pathology. 
The term prophylaxis means advantageously to at least partially 
arrest the development of a potential disease and/or to prevent 
the worsening of symptoms or progression of a disease. 
Advantageously, the term therapy means a partial or total 
alleviation of the disease symptoms.” 
Pet. 13 (quoting Ex. 1001, 5:19–26). Petitioner further contends the 
’248 patent does not impose any requirements for the duration of therapeutic 
efficacy. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 55–56). Having considered the parties’ 
positions, we determine that construction of the term “treating a 
coagulopathy” may affect the analysis of Petitioner’s asserted challenges and 
assist in resolving the controversy between the parties. 
We apply the same claim construction standard that would be used to 
construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.100(b). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally given their 
ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of ordinary 
skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 
1303 at 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). “In determining the meaning of 
the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic evidence of 
record, examining the claim language itself, the written description, and the 
prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. v. Medtronic 
Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (citing Phillips, 
415 F.3d at 1312–17). 
We agree with Petitioner that the ’248 patent provides an express 
definition of “treat” and “treatment.” The Specification states, “[i]n the 
present text the term ‘treat’ or ‘treatment’ of a pathology means the 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
12 
 
prophylaxis and/or therapy and/or cure of this pathology.” Ex. 1001, 5:19–
21. This definition includes “cure” as a separate concept from therapy, and 
further provides that therapy includes “partial or total” alleviation of 
symptoms. Id. at 5:21–24. The ’248 patent does not define or otherwise 
describe “treating a coagulopathy” as requiring any specific duration of 
therapeutic efficacy; therefore, a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
understand that partial alleviation of symptoms and a shorter duration of 
therapeutic efficacy is encompassed in “treating a coagulopathy” as recited 
in claim 1. 
Claim 16, which depends from claim 1, supports a construction of 
“treating a coagulopathy” that does not require complete alleviation of 
symptoms or permanent therapeutic efficacy. Claim 16 recites the 
“modified FIX polypeptide is expressed at a level that reduces and/or 
prevents hemorrhages.” Ex. 1001, 46:34–36. Because claim 16 depends 
from claim 1, this means that “treating a coagulopathy” as recited in claim 1 
encompasses merely reducing hemorrhages, i.e., partial alleviation of 
symptoms. 
Accordingly, based on the intrinsic evidence, including the express 
definition of the terms “treat” and “treatment,” we construe “treating a 
coagulopathy” as prophylaxis and/or therapy and/or cure of the 
coagulopathy which includes partial alleviation of symptoms, for any 
duration of therapeutic efficacy. We determine that we need not explicitly 
construe any other claim terms. 
C. 
Principles of Law 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if “the differences 
between the subject matter sought to be patented and the prior art are such 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
13 
 
that the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art” to which 
said subject matter pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex, Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 
406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of 
underlying factual determinations, including (1) the scope and content of the 
prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the 
prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) when available, 
objective evidence indicating obviousness or non-obviousness, such as 
commercial success, long felt but unsolved needs, and failure of others. 
Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966); see KSR, 550 U.S. at 
407 (“While the sequence of these questions might be reordered in any 
particular case, the [Graham] factors continue to define the inquiry that 
controls.”). 
The Supreme Court made clear that we apply “an expansive and 
flexible approach” to the question of obviousness. KSR, 550 U.S. at 415. 
Whether a patent claiming the combination of prior art elements would have 
been obvious is determined by whether the improvement is more than the 
predictable use of prior art elements according to their established functions. 
Id. at 417. Reaching this conclusion, however, requires more than merely 
showing that the prior art includes separate references covering each 
separate limitation in a challenged claim. Unigene Labs., Inc. v. Apotex, 
Inc., 655 F.3d 1352, 1360 (Fed. Cir. 2011). Rather, obviousness 
additionally requires that a person of ordinary skill at the time of the 
invention “would have selected and combined those prior art elements in the 
normal course of research and development to yield the claimed invention.” 
Id. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
14 
 
D. 
Overview of the Prior Art 
1. Stafford (Ex. 1004) 
Stafford is titled “Factor IX Antihemophilic Factor with Increased 
Clotting Activity” and relates to “Factor IX containing a mutation that 
enhances the clotting activity thereof” and “DNA constructs encoding such 
Factor IX, along with vectors containing such constructs.” Ex. 1004 at [54], 
1:18–21. Stafford discloses a non-naturally occurring Factor IX protein 
having an amino acid substitution at amino acid position 338 in which the 
naturally-occurring arginine is substituted with one of 10 possible amino 
acids. In particular, Stafford states that “[s]ubstitutions of the inventions are, 
for example, a substitution of an arginine residue for an amino acid residue 
selected from the group consisting of alanine, valine, leucine, isoleucine, 
phenylalanine, tryptophan, methionine, glycine, serine, and threonine.” Id. 
at 5:8–11; see also id. at claims 1–2, 8–9. 
Stafford further narrows this list to three preferred embodiments, 
stating that, “[i]n preferred embodiments of the invention, the substitution is 
a substitution of an arginine residue for an amino acid residue selected from 
the group consisting of alanine, leucine, and valine. Id. at 5:11–14. 
These preferred embodiments are expressly recited in Stafford’s claims 3–5 
(directed to alanine, leucine, and/or valine Factor IX protein variants); claim 
10 (methods of facilitating blood clotting using the preferred variants); claim 
14 (isolated nucleic acids encoding the preferred variants); and claim 17 
(expression cassettes containing nucleic acids encoding the preferred 
variants). 
Stafford still further narrows its selection to two preferred 
embodiments by specifically claiming a mammalian Factor IX in which 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
15 
 
arginine at position 338 is substituted with alanine (R338A) or with leucine 
(R338L). Id. at claims 4, 5. In particular, Stafford discloses: 
4. A mammalian Factor IX according to claim 1, wherein said 
substitution is a substitution of an arginine residue for an alanine 
residue. 
5. A mammalian Factor IX according to claim 1, wherein said 
substitution is a substitution of an arginine residue for a leucine 
residue. 
Id. As discussed below, Stafford discloses actual embodiments relating to 
the R338A substitution of claim 4. 
According to Stafford, Factor IX molecules within the scope of the 
“invention advantageously have increased clotting activity as compared to 
the corresponding wild-type molecule,” and “preferably have two or three 
more coagulant activity than the corresponding wild type or plasma FIX.” 
Id. at 2:24–29, 5:29–6:1. In a set of in vitro experiments involving the 
recombinant Factor IX having alanine at position 338 (i.e., R338A), Stafford 
disclosed that this polypeptide had 2–3 times greater clotting ability than 
wild-type Factor IX. See e.g., id. at 7, 16, 18. 
Stafford defines a vector as “a replicable DNA or RNA construct,” 
which “typically comprise plasmids, viruses (e.g., papillomavirus, 
adenovirus, adeno-associated virus, cytomegalovirus), phage, retroviruses 
and integratable DNA fragments.” Id. at 7. Stafford further defines an 
expression vector as “a replicable nucleic acid construct in which a nucleic 
acid sequence encoding the protein of the invention is operably linked to 
suitable control sequences capable of effecting the expression of proteins of 
the invention in a suitable host.” Id. at 6. According to Stafford, these 
control sequences generally comprise “a transcriptional promoter, an 
optional operator sequence to control transcription, a sequence encoding 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
16 
 
suitable mRNA ribosomal binding sites, and sequences that control the 
termination of transcription and translation.” Id. at 6–7. 
Stafford further discloses vectors that “may be used to produce 
recombinant Factor IX, or may be used in gene therapy to administer the 
expression cassette to targetted [sic] cells within the patient and produce the 
Factor IX in the patient.” Id. at 7:9–12; see also id. at 3, Sequence Listing 
Sheets 1–10 (disclosing nucleic acid and encoded R338A variant 
polypeptide SEQ ID NOs:1 and 2, respectively). 
2. Manno (Ex. 1017) 
Manno is directed to “Successful transduction of liver in hemophilia 
by AAV-Factor IX and limitations imposed by the host immune response.” 
Ex. 1017 at 342. Manno discloses that prior administration of a recombinant 
adeno-associated viral vector (rAAV) expressing wild-type Factor IX “to 
skeletal muscle of individuals with severe hemophilia B was safe, but 
circulating levels were generally not sufficient to improve disease 
phenotype.” Id. By contrast, Manno discloses studies showing “a single 
portal vein infusion of a recombinant adeno-associated viral vector (rAAV) 
expressing canine Factor IX (F.IX) resulted in long-term expression of 
therapeutic levels of F.IX in dogs with severe hemophilia B1.” Id. at 
Abstract. 
 
 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
17 
 
“Based on the safety studies of rAAV-F.IX delivered to muscle in 
humans and the efficacy studies of rAAV-F.IX delivered to liver in dogs 
with severe hemophilia B, [Manno] undertook an open-label, dose-
escalation study of rAAV-F.IX . . . delivered through the hepatic artery in 
humans with severe hemophilia B.” Id. at 342. The AAV-based expression 
cassette used in Manno’s study is illustrated in Figure 1a, reproduced below: 
Figure 1a is a schematic of Manno’s rAAV-F.IX expression cassette 
showing the encoding wild-type Factor IX polypeptide and various control 
elements including an APOE enhancer (APOE-HCR), a human α1-
antitrypsin promoter (SERPINA-1), and polyadenylation signal (PA), all of 
which are flanked by AAV inverted terminal repeat sequences (ITR). Id. at 
343. 
Manno’s study involved seven subjects, including Subject E, who 
“reported an absence of any bleeding episodes” for 10 weeks of follow-up 
and required “no infusion of clotting factor, despite trauma which would 
ordinarily have required factor infusion.” Id. at 343. Manno further reports: 
i) vector infusion at doses up to 2 x 1012 vg/kg was not 
associated with acute or long-lasting toxicity; (ii) therapeutic 
levels of F.IX were achieved at the highest dose tested; (iii) 
duration of expression at therapeutic levels was limited to a 
period of ~8 weeks; (iv) a gradual decline in F.IX was 
accompanied by a transient asymptomatic elevation of liver 
transaminases that resolved without treatment. 
Id. at Abstract. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
18 
 
Summarizing the results of the study, Manno states that, “rAAV-2 
vectors can transduce human hepatocytes in vivo to result in therapeutically 
relevant levels of FIX,” however, “in contrast to long-lasting expression in 
hemophilic dogs and nonhuman primates, expression at therapeutic levels in 
humans was short lived.” Id. Manno hypothesizes that “the difference in 
outcome of AAV-mediated gene transfer to liver in humans compared to 
experimental animals,” derives from stimulation of AAV-specific memory T 
cells in human subjects. Id. at 346. In particular, Manno suggests that 
because humans are naturally infected with AAV-2 in childhood, exposure 
to AAV-based vectors triggers the cellular immune response against AAV 
capsid protein, resulting in the elimination of hepatic cells transduced with 
the AAV-based vector. Id. Noting that the capsid is required only for 
delivery of the Factor IX gene, and “present only transiently in the 
transduced cell,” Manno suggests that administration of “a short-term 
immunomodulatory regimen that blocks the response to capsid until these 
sequences are completely cleared from the rAAV-2–transduced cells may 
permit long-term expression of the donated gene.” Id. 
3. Schuettrumpf (Ex. 1005) 
Schuettrumpf is titled “Factor IX variants improve gene therapy 
efficacy for hemophilia B” and discloses that “[i]ntramuscular injection of 
adeno-associated viral (AAV) vector to skeletal muscle of humans with 
hemophilia B is safe, but higher doses are required to achieve therapeutic 
factor IX (F.IX) levels.” Ex. 1005, Abstract. Accordingly, “it is 
fundamental to develop strategies that improve gene transfer efficacy 
without simply increasing the vector dose.” Id. at 2316. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
19 
 
Noting that “[p]revious studies demonstrated that the substitution 
R338A in the F.IX catalytic domain resulted in a molecule with 3-fold 
higher specific activity than F.IX–wild type (WT),” Schuettrumpf 
“constructed AAV vectors encoding F.IX variants for muscle- or liver 
directed expression in hemophilia B mice.” Id. at 2316, Abstract; see also 
id. at Figure 1 (illustrating design of rAAV-based expression cassettes). 
Among these, Schuettrumpf reports that “variant F.IX-R338A generates a 
protein with 2- or 6-fold higher specific activity than F.IX-WT, when 
delivered to skeletal muscle or liver, respectively.” Id. at 2316. Moreover, 
the “muscle-synthesized F.IX variants presented correction of the 
hemophilia B phenotype upon in vivo challenges by tail-clipping assay.” Id. 
at 2322. “Importantly, intramuscular injection of AAV-F.IX variants does 
not trigger antibody formation to F.IX in mice tolerant to F.IX-WT.” Id. at 
2317; see also Abstract (similar). 
Schuettrumpf concludes: “These studies demonstrate that F.IX 
variants is an attractive alternative to improve phenotypic correction of 
hemophilia B.” Id. “In the development of a gene-based therapy for the 
treatment of hemophilia, the use of clotting factors with advantageous 
biologic properties, as demonstrated here, offers an attractive alternative to 
enhance the efficacy of several distinct strategies to treat hemophilia B.” Id. 
at 2322. 
4. Hasbrouck (Ex. 1020) 
Hasbrouck is titled “AAV-mediated gene transfer for the treatment of 
hemophilia B: problems and prospects” and discloses “two initial phase I/II 
AAV clinical trials for hemophilia B, delivering a factor IX cDNA to 
skeletal muscle or liver.” Ex. 1020, Abstract. Hasbrouck discloses that “it is 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
20 
 
clear that AAV-2 can transduce human hepatocytes and direct levels of 
expression adequate to treat hemophilia.” Id. at 874. Hasbrouck further 
discloses that “a short course of immunosuppression will be added at the 
time of vector administration, to blunt the immune response to the 
transduced cells until the capsid is degraded and cleared from the cells.” Id. 
at 873–74. 
5. Monahan (Ex. 1062) 
Monahan is titled “Update on a phase 1/2 open-label trail of BAX335, 
an adeno-associated virus 8 (AAV8) vector-based gene therapy program for 
hemophilia B” and discloses studies with “a gene therapy product BAX335 
(AAV8.sc-TTRFIXR338Lopt): a codon optimized hyperactive FIX 
transgene (FIXR338Lopt), driven by the liver-specific transthyretin (TTR) 
promoter in an AAV8 capsid.” Ex. 1062 at 87. Monahan discloses six 
subjects in the studies that are “dosed with BAX335: 2 at 2 x 1011 vg kg-1 
(Cohort 1), 3 at 1 x 1012 vg kg-1 (Cohort 2), and 1 at 3 x 1012 vg kg-1 (Cohort 
3), with follow-up ranging from 7 weeks to 2 years.” Id. According to 
Monahan, “[t]herapeutic FIX levels of 3% were achieved in Cohort 1, 
sustained levels of 0.5 to 20% were observed 6 months post dosing in 
Cohort 2, and sustained levels above 25% were observed in Cohort 3.” Id. 
E. 
Grounds 3–4: Alleged Unpatentability Based on Monahan 
Petitioner contends the claims challenged in these grounds, i.e., claims 
2, 5, 6, 11–13, 17, and 18, cannot claim priority to any of the related 
applications that preceded the filing of the application for the ’248 patent in 
July 2017. Pet. 53–58; see supra I.A. Petitioner further contends “Monahan 
was published in 2015” and therefore “is prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(b)(1) (AIA) to claims with a 2017 priority date.” Pet. 21; see also id. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
21 
 
at 12 (arguing that “none of claims 2, 5, 6, 11–13, 17, or 18 can claim 
priority to an earlier application”). 
Patent Owner contends the claims challenged in these grounds 
properly claim priority to the ’981 application and the ’898 application, and 
therefore Monahan is not prior art. PO Resp. 49–57. Patent Owner does not 
contest, however, that if the challenged claims have a July 2017 priority 
date, then the claims are unpatentable under these grounds. See generally 
PO Resp. Further, Patent Owner does not offer objective evidence of 
nonobviousness premised on a July 2017 priority date. Id. at 58–66. 
We address the evidence and arguments presented as to priority date 
for each of the challenged claims below. 
1. Applicable Law 
To be entitled to the filing date of an earlier provisional application, 
the earlier application must disclose the claimed invention “in the manner 
provided by § 112(a) (other than the requirement to disclose the best 
mode).” 35 U.S.C. §§ 119(e), 120. Section 112(a) requires that the 
specification contain a written description of the claimed invention. 35 
U.S.C. § 112(a). “[T]he hallmark of written description is disclosure.” 
Ariad Pharm., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2010) 
(en banc). The written description requirement is met when the specification 
“conveys to those skilled in the art that the inventor had possession of” and 
“actually invented” the claimed subject matter. Id. The purpose of the 
written description requirement is to ensure that a patent’s claims “do[] not 
overreach the scope of the inventor’s contribution to the field of art as 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
22 
 
described in the patent specification.” Reiffin v. Microsoft Corp., 214 F.3d 
1342, 1345 (Fed. Cir. 2000). The Federal Circuit has stated: 
The question is not whether a claimed invention is an obvious 
variant of that which is disclosed in the specification. Rather, a 
prior application itself must describe an invention, and do so in 
sufficient detail that one skilled in the art can clearly conclude 
that the inventor invented the claimed invention as of the filing 
date sought. 
Lockwood v. Am. Airlines, 107 F.3d 1565, 1572 (Fed. Cir. 1997). 
2. Claims 2, 11, 12, 17, and 18 
Petitioner contends the ’981 and ’898 applications do not provide 
written description support for the limitations directed to particular 
expression levels of the R338L variant present in each of these claims. Pet. 
53–54. Specifically, Petitioner argues both the ’981 and ’898 applications 
“stated only that gene therapy has ‘low efficiency of expression in man of 
FIX levels in plasma i.e., around 1%, hence not sufficient to correct the 
disease,” and that neither application discloses any numerical level of 
expression nor how to obtain it. Id. at 54 (citing Ex. 1010, 17, 30; Ex. 1090, 
12, 25; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 227–28). Petitioner further asserts that the Examiner 
repeatedly noted during prosecution of the ’898 application that the 
applicant never submitted English translations of the Italian applications, 
and thus could not rely on them for priority. Id. at 55 (citing Ex. 1010, 86, 
128). 
Patent Owner argues the ’981 and ’898 applications provide written 
description support because they explain that the “modified FIX 
polypeptides herein described” “show a gain-of-function of at least 5 folds 
higher than that of the wild-type FIX molecule” (PO Resp. 51, citing 
Ex. 1090, 13), and a person of ordinary skill in the art would understand that 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
23 
 
a FIX variant having five times the activity of the wild-type could be 
expressed at one-fifth the quantity of naturally occurring FIX to provide 
normal levels of FIX activity. Id. (citing Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 614–22). Patent 
Owner further argues a person of ordinary skill in the art would understand 
from the ’981 and ’898 applications that less than 100% expression of a 
hyperactive variant such as FIX-R338L would be desirable in order to avoid 
thrombotic events, and thus FIX-R338L “can be expressed at a level at least 
5 fold less” than wild-type FIX. Id. at 52 (citing Ex. 1001, 2:45–55; 
Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 622–26). 
Patent Owner’s argument is not persuasive, because it does not 
address whether a person of ordinary skill in the art would have recognized 
that the named inventor had invented the claimed subject matter. At most, 
Patent Owner’s assertion that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
wanted to have a lower level of expression than wild-type FIX, based on the 
level of activity of the variant disclosed in the ’981 and ’898 applications, 
would support an argument that the expression level would have been 
obvious. But, to satisfy the written description requirement, the disclosure 
needs to demonstrate recognition that the inventor was in possession of the 
invention. See Lockwood, 107 F.3d at 1572 (“[i]t is not sufficient for 
purposes of the written description requirement of §112 that the disclosure, 
when combined with the knowledge in the art, would lead one to speculate 
as to modifications that the inventor might have envisioned, but failed to 
disclose.”). Although something may be well known, “[o]bviousness simply 
is not enough; the subject matter must be disclosed to establish possession.” 
PowerOasis v. T-Mobile USA, 522 F.3d 1299, 1310 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
24 
 
Patent Owner also does not address Petitioner’s assertion that the ’981 
and ’898 applications are devoid of any gene therapy examples. See Pet. 
Reply 22 (citing Ex. 1100 ¶¶ 176–184). The absence of any example 
discussing gene therapy reinforces that the applications do not describe any 
level of expression. Even though specification disclosures are viewed from 
the perspective of one of ordinary skill in the art and written description 
support does not have to be in haec verba, nonetheless they must 
“reasonably convey[] to the artisan that the inventor had possession at that 
time of the later claimed subject matter.” Ralston Purina Co. v. Far-Mar-
Co., 772 F.2d 1570, 1575 (Fed. Cir. 1985). Here, the ’981 and ’898 
applications do not satisfy that requirement with respect to the limitations 
directed to particular expression levels of the R338L variant in the 
challenged claims. 
3. Claims 5 and 6 
Petitioner contends the ’981 and ’898 applications do not provide 
written description support for the limitations requiring administering a dose 
of adeno-associated virus (“AAV”) vector in claims 5 and 6. Pet. 55–56. 
Petitioner argues that even assuming a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would understand the dosing described in the ’981 and ’898 applications as 
an appropriate dose amount of particles/kg, the applications only describe 
administering adenovirus, which is a different family of virus from AAV 
(adeno-associated virus). Id. at 56 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 36–39, 235–37; 
Ex. 1095, 52:14–22). 
Patent Owner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
understand from the description of particles/kg dose range in the’981 and 
’898 applications “how many full particles/genome copies to provide during 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
25 
 
gene therapy.” PO Resp. 54. Patent Owner does not dispute that the’981 
and ’898 applications describe doses of adenovirus, not AAV, but essentially 
argues that the doses of adenovirus described in the ’981 and 
’898 applications could be used for AAV because, like the AAV vector 
doses, they count full particles that contain the vector genome. Id. at 54. 
Patent Owner further argues that Petitioner’s argument is inconsistent with 
Dr. Wang’s testimony and her patent application, that describe AAV vector 
doses in genome copies (i.e., full particles) per kilogram. Id. at 54–55 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 68; Ex. 2015, 2). 
Patent Owner’s argument is not persuasive. Patent Owner focuses on 
the units of dosage of the vector, but does not address whether a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would understand that administering adenovirus 
vector as described in the ’981 and ’898 applications also describes 
administering AAV. Dr. Wang’s testimony, on which Patent Owner relies, 
only relates to units of dosing AAV vector but not different types of viral 
vectors such as adenovirus. See Ex. 1003 ¶ 68. On the other hand, Dr. 
Wang’s testimony that “[t]he appropriate dose of an adenovirus vector does 
not inform the appropriate dose of an AAV vector – even if the two vectors 
were carrying the same transgene” supports Petitioner’s contention. See 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 235. Further, Dr. Doering agreed that adenovirus and AAV are 
different families of viruses, and testified that he would not try to establish 
dosing of an AAV by starting from adenovirus dosing values. Ex. 1095, 
52:14–22, 66:19–22. 
4. Claim 13 
Petitioner contends the ’981 and ’898 applications do not provide 
written description support for claim 13’s limitation “the modified FIX 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
26 
 
polypeptide is expressed at a daily dosage between 0.1 µg/kg and 400 µg/kg 
body weight.” Pet. 56–58. Petitioner argues that although the ’898 and 
’981 applications disclose a daily dosage of polypeptide, a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would understand that the dosage is for protein 
replacement therapy, which “is wholly different from gene therapy.” Id. at 
57 (citing Ex. 1010, 34; Ex. 1090, 28; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 231–32. Petitioner 
further argues that the ’981 and ’898 applications describe only doses of 
adenovirus (not AAV) that are administered to a human, rather than 
expressed in the human body as a result of administration. Id. at 57–58 
(citing Ex. 1010, 35; Ex. 1090, 29; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 235–37). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that protein replacement therapy and 
gene therapy are different. PO Resp. 55. Patent Owner argues that despite 
this difference, protein replacement and gene therapy for hemophilia B share 
the common goal of restoring a patient’s FIX activity levels, so that a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have sought to achieve the dosage values in 
the claimed range and the ’981 and ’898 applications. Id. at 55–56 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 2:20–44; Ex. 1003 ¶ 209; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 637–41). Patent Owner 
further argues that Dr. Wang’s testimony that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would have sought to achieve those dosage values is consistent with 
their written description argument. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 209). 
Patent Owner’s argument is not persuasive. Patent Owner does not 
explain how sharing “a common goal” would be probative of a person of 
ordinary skill recognizing that protein replacement therapy, as described in 
the ’981 and ’898 applications, also describes the invention of gene therapy 
claimed in the’248 patent, and thus provide written description support. 
Further, Patent Owner’s argument that Stafford’s disclosure of replacement 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
27 
 
therapy does not teach anything about gene therapy, in connection with its 
nonobviousness argument (see infra II.F.2), undermines its argument that 
protein replacement therapy provides written description support for gene 
therapy as claimed in the’248patent. As to Dr. Wang’s obviousness opinion, 
we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that it is probative of 
written description support because, on a legal basis, obviousness is not 
enough to establish written description. See PowerOasis, 522 F.3d at 1310. 
5. Conclusion 
We find that there is inadequate written description support for claims 
2, 5, 6, 11–13, 17, and 18 in the ’981 and ’898 applications, so the priority 
date of those claims is the ’248 patent’s filing date of July 14, 2017. 
Accordingly, Monahan is prior art to those claims under §102(a). As 
discussed above, Patent Owner does not dispute that claims 2, 5, 6, 11–13, 
17, and 18 are unpatentable in view of Monahan, under either ground 3 or 4 
of the Petition. We have reviewed Petitioner’s contentions and the full 
record and conclude that Petitioner has proven by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 2, 5, 6, and 11–13 are anticipated by Monahan, for the 
reasons provided by Petitioner. See Pet. 58–60. We also conclude that 
Petitioner has proven by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 2, 5, 6, 
11–13, 17, and 18 would have been obvious over Monahan, for the reasons 
provided by Petitioner. See id. at 61. 
F. 
Ground 1: Alleged Obviousness Based on Stafford and Manno 
Petitioner argues claims 2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 would have been 
obvious over the combined teachings of Stafford and Manno. Pet. 27–52. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
28 
 
1. Objective Indicia of Nonobviousness 
We make our determination of patentability based on the entirety of 
the evidence before us, both for and against obviousness. Notwithstanding 
what the teachings of the prior art would have suggested to a person of 
ordinary skill in the art, objective evidence of non-obviousness may lead to a 
conclusion that the challenged claims would not have been obvious. In re 
Piasecki, 745 F.2d 1468, 1471–72 (Fed. Cir. 1984). Objective evidence of 
non-obviousness “may often be the most probative and cogent evidence in 
the record” and “may often establish that an invention appearing to have 
been obvious in light of the prior art was not.” Transocean Offshore 
Deepwater Drilling, Inc. v. Maersk Drilling USA, Inc., 699 F.3d 1340, 1349 
(Fed. Cir. 2012) (quoting Stratoflex, Inc. v. Aeroquip Corp., 713 F.2d 1530, 
1538 (Fed. Cir. 1983)). Such evidence, however, does not necessarily 
control the obviousness conclusion. See, e.g., Pfizer, Inc. v. Apotex, Inc. 480 
F.3d 1348, 1372 (Fed. Cir. 2007). (“Here, the record establishes such a 
strong case of obviousness that Pfizer’s alleged unexpectedly superior 
results are ultimately insufficient.”). 
Patent Owner alleges there is evidence of record supporting the 
objective indicia of nonobviousness of long-felt need, praise and copying by 
others, and unexpected results. PO Resp. 58–65. We consider Patent 
Owner’s proffered evidence below. 
a) Nexus 
For us to give substantial weight to objective indicia of obviousness or 
nonobviousness, a patentee must establish a nexus between the evidence and 
the merits of the claimed invention. ClassCo, Inc., v. Apple, Inc., 838 F.3d 
1214, 1220 (Fed. Cir. 2016). Patent Owner bears the burden of establishing 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
29 
 
that a nexus exists between the objective evidence and the claimed 
invention. Fox Factory, Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 
2019). Nexus is a legally and factually sufficient connection between the 
objective evidence and the claimed invention, such that the objective 
evidence should be considered in determining non-obviousness. Demaco 
Corp. v. F. Von Langsdorff Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 
1988). “A nexus may not exist where, for example, the merits of the 
claimed invention were ‘readily available in the prior art.’” ClassCo, 838 
F.3d at 1220 (quoting Richdel, Inc. v. Sunspool Corp., 714 F.2d 1573, 1580 
(Fed. Cir. 1983)). Further, “there is no nexus unless the evidence presented 
is ‘reasonably commensurate with the scope of the claims.’” Id. (quoting 
Rambus Inc. v. Rea, 731 F.3d 1248, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2013)). 
A patentee is entitled to a presumption of nexus “when the patentee 
shows that the asserted objective evidence is tied to a specific product and 
that product ‘embodies the claimed features, and is coextensive with them.’” 
Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1373 (quoting Polaris Indus., Inc. v. Arctic Cat, 
Inc., 882 F.3d 1056, 1072 (Fed. Cir. 2018)). “[I]f the marketed product 
embodies the claimed features, and is coextensive with them, then a nexus is 
presumed and the burden shifts to the party asserting obviousness to present 
evidence to rebut the presumed nexus.” Brown & Williamson Tobacco 
Corp. v. Philip Morris Inc., 229 F.3d 1120, 1130 (Fed. Cir. 2000). 
Coextensive “mean[s] that the product ‘is the invention disclosed and 
claimed’. . . . A product is ‘essentially the claimed invention when, for 
example, the unclaimed features amount to nothing more than additional 
insignificant features.’” Campbell Soup Co. v. Gamon Plus, Inc., 10 F.4th 
1268, 1276–77 (Fed. Cir. 2021) (emphasis and citation omitted). Recently, 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
30 
 
the Federal Circuit indicated that Fox Factory’s “coextensiveness” 
requirement is the same as the “commensurate in scope” standard regarding 
the “presumption of nexus.” Specifically, the court held that “the Board 
determined that Zaxcom's evidence of industry praise and long-felt need was 
entitled to a presumption of nexus, noting that these indicia were 
commensurate in scope with the claims as now narrowed, . . . a 
determination that comports with the legal standards for a presumption.” 
Zaxcom, Inc. v. Lectrosonics, Inc., 2022 WL 499843 at *2 (Fed. Cir. Feb. 
18, 2022) (published only in Westlaw) (citing Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 
1373). “Ultimately, the fact finder must weigh the [objective indicia] 
evidence presented in the context of whether the claimed invention as a 
whole would have been obvious to a skilled artisan.” See Lectrosonics, Inc. 
v. Zaxcom, Inc., IPR2018-01129, Paper 33 at 33 (PTAB Jan. 24, 2020) 
(precedential) (citing WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1331–32 
(Fed. Cir. 2016)). 
Patent Owner relies on objective evidence of “(1) long-felt need for an 
effective gene therapy for hemophilia B and failure of others; (2) industry 
praise and copying; and (3) unexpectedly superior efficacy” (PO Resp. 58), 
and argues the objective evidence is tied to “the novelty of the claims,” i.e., 
gene therapy using AAV-FIX-R338L to treat hemophilia B. Id. at 65 (citing 
Ex. 2102 ¶ 672). As to long-felt need, Patent Owner asserts Factor IX Padua 
(the FIX-R338L mutation identified by the inventor) was a “game-changer” 
for hemophilia gene therapy that improved vector performance and 
“allow[ed] for higher FIX expression levels at lower, and thus potentially 
safer, vector doses.” Id. at 61 (citing Ex. 2002, 14). Patent Owner asserts 
that treatment with lower doses minimized the risk of cellular immune 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
31 
 
responses. See Ex. 2103, 505; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 662–64. Patent Owner asserts 
that industry adoption, including ongoing clinical trials of AAV-FIX-R338L 
by Petitioner, Patent Owner, and a third party, is evidence of satisfying the 
long-felt need. PO Resp. 62 (citing Ex. 2102 ¶ 664). 
As to industry praise and copying, Patent Owner asserts that scientific 
papers referring to FIX-R338L as the “Padua” variant widely recognize the 
invention of the ’248 patent, and credit the named inventor, Dr. Simioni, 
with discovery of FIX-R338L. PO Resp. 62–63 (citing Ex. 2002; Ex. 2015; 
Ex. 2026; Ex. 2032; Ex. 2039; Ex. 2077; Ex. 2081; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 665–68; 
Ex. 2105; Ex. 2115; Ex. 2122. Despite its reliance on copying as an 
objective indicia, Patent Owner does not identify any specific evidence of 
copying beyond the adoption of the “Padua” designation. See PO Resp. 63 
(citing Ex. 2102 ¶ 668); PO Resp. generally. In this respect, Petitioner’s 
counsel asserts: “the fact that the leucine variant [R338L] may now 
commonly be referred to as Padua doesn’t somehow erase or negate the 
disclosure in Stafford of the leucine variant itself.” Tr. 26:23–27:11. 
As to unexpected results, Patent Owner asserts that the 9-fold 
increased activity of FIX-R338L as compared to wild-type FIX was 
surprising because, according to Dr. Pedersen, a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would have expected R338A and R338L to have similar activity, but 
Stafford taught R-338A is only 2–3 fold more active and Schuettrumpf 
taught 2–6 fold more activity than wild-type FIX. Id. at 64 (citing Ex. 1001, 
21:15–17, 21:24–30; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 669–70; Ex. 2101 ¶¶ 145–51; Ex. 2130, 
102:4–9; Ex. 1094 ¶ 104). 
Petitioner argues that Patent Owner cannot provide evidence of nexus 
because the asserted novelty of the claims—gene therapy using the R338L 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
32 
 
variant to treat hemophilia B—was in the prior art. Pet. 51 (citing Merck & 
Cie v. Gnosis S.P.A., 808 F.3d 829, 837 (Fed. Cir. 2015)); Pet. Reply 17–18 
(citing Ex. 1004, 1). Petitioner further argues Patent Owner’s “clinical 
candidate AMT-061 cannot provide evidence of objective indicia,” because 
it is not coextensive with the challenged claims and “because it reflects the 
implementation of Stafford’s disclosure rather than a distinction from it.” 
Pet. 52 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 304–08). Specifically, Petitioner asserts AMT-
061 uses a specific AAV capsid (AAV5), while the claims cover the use of 
any AAV capsid, “of which there are ‘thousands or more.’” Pet. Reply 18 
(citing Ex. 1095, 180:14–181:6); see also id. (noting that “the Challenged 
Claims permit any promoter, and Dr. Doering estimated that there are ‘at 
least 10,000 promoters.’” (citing Ex. 1002, 30:15–31:11)). Moreover, 
Petitioner contends, all of the Challenged Claims “permit a massive number 
of changes to FIX—as little as 70% identity. But PO’s evidence is limited to 
a single change, R338L, and for that reason as well is nowhere near 
reasonably commensurate with the claims.” Id. 
Petitioner also argues that Patent Owner does not show 
coextensiveness, because the references it relies upon as showing praise for 
AMT-061 focus on praise for FIX-R338L itself, which is in the prior art. Id. 
Similarly, Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s evidence of unexpected 
results is directed to FIX-R338L itself and thus lacks nexus. Pet. Reply. 20 
(citing Ex. 1100 ¶¶ 253–54). 
In response, Patent Owner argues that the objective evidence is 
commensurate with the claims because, although the claims encompass 
multiple AAV types and FIX sequences, the invention as a whole is directed 
to a combination that provides treatment of hemophilia B, “not non-

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
33 
 
functional variants or vectors.” PO Sur-Reply 22–23 (citing Ex. 1102, 26:9–
27:4); see also PO Resp. 65 (citing Ex. 2102 ¶ 672). Patent Owner argues 
that Manno did not disclose hemophilia B gene therapy as Petitioner 
contends (PO Sur-Reply 23 (citing Ex. 1033, 9)) and that “positive results 
from ongoing clinical trials—in contrast to discontinuing Manno’s trial” 
confirm long-felt need. Id. (citing Ex. 1017, 7; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 421–24; 
Ex. 2079). Patent Owner argues FIX-R338L is not the closest prior art and 
that it “need not establish unexpected results compared to AAV-FIX-
R338L.” PO Resp. 65 (citing Ex. 2102 ¶ 671); see also PO Sur-Reply 24 
(asserting that “the only mutant [in the prior art] with data (apart from those 
causing hemophilia) was FIX-R338A). Patent Owner further argues 
“Petitioner cannot circumvent non-obviousness evidence by circularly 
arguing no objective indicia are possible because the claimed invention was 
in the prior art.” PO Resp. 66. 
We find that Patent Owner’s evidence of long-felt need and failure of 
others, industry praise, and unexpectedly superior efficacy is not coextensive 
or commensurate in scope with claim 1.8 As to long-felt need, Patent 
Owner’s evidence appears to praise the R338L variant as the “game-
changing” aspect, and not AAV-FIX-R338L as a whole. See Ex. 2002, 14 
(“The improvement in vector performance in this recent clinical trial can be 
ascribed mainly to the use of a modified FIX transgene encoding a 
hyperactive mutant FIX protein containing just a single point-mutation (i.e., 
R338L).”); Ex. 1091, 276:6–278:1. Further, Patent Owner’s evidence notes 
that different outcomes between AAV trials incorporating FIX-R338L-
 
8 The recited subject matter of the dependent claims does not change the 
nexus determination here. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
34 
 
Padua may be due to differences in vector configuration, expression cassette 
design, promoter used, and the capsid itself. Id. at 15. Moreover, Patent 
Owner’s clinical candidate, AMT-061, includes a specific AAV, i.e., 
rAAV5, which is not used in the other clinical candidates. See Ex. 2002, 15 
(compare rAAV5 to AAV8-FIX-R338L-Padua and AAV-Spark100). Claim 
1 is not limited to the specific AAV in AMT-061, and therefore, Patent 
Owner’s objective evidence is not commensurate in scope with claim 1. 
As to industry praise, we agree with Petitioner that the praise in the 
references Patent Owner relies on was primarily directed to FIX-R338L, 
which is not commensurate with claim 1. Further, Petitioner has shown that 
FIX-R338L was already known in the prior art as discussed infra II.F.2. 
And, Patent Owner’s argument that FIX-R338L was not in the prior art is 
inconsistent with the adverse judgment entered in the ’388 IPR as to claims 
directed to gene therapy with FIX-R338L. Because FIX-R338L was 
available in the prior art, it cannot be the basis for finding a nexus with the 
claimed invention; this is settled law and not a circular argument as Patent 
Owner contends. See ClassCo, 838 F.3d at 1220. Patent Owner’s evidence 
of unexpected results is also directed to FIX-R338L and lacks nexus for the 
same reason. 
Patent Owner’s argument that wild-type FIX is the closest prior art for 
the purpose of comparing unexpected results is not persuasive because it is 
unsupported (see Ex. 1102, 130:7–16). Patent Owner’s assertion of 9-fold 
increased activity with FIX-R338L compared to wild-type FIX, versus 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
35 
 
6-fold increased activity with R338A as described in Schuettrumpf, is also 
unpersuasive because the 9-fold results are from a recombinant study as 
described in the ’248 patent (see Ex. 1102, 132:8–133:13), while 
Schuettrumpf’s are from a gene therapy study in mice. Ex. 1005, Abstract. 
Lacking a head-to-head comparison, Patent Owner’s evidence does not 
outweigh Dr. Pedersen’s testimony that a person of ordinary skill would 
have expected R338A and R338L to have similar activity (see PO Resp. 64, 
citing Ex. 2130, 102:4–9). 
Accordingly, Patent Owner has failed to show that it is entitled to a 
presumption of a nexus between the objective evidence and the claimed 
invention. Patent Owner argues that it “need not rely on such presumption 
[of nexus]” under the Polaris and Fox Factory analysis. PO Resp. 66. 
Although Patent Owner does not fully explain its position, we note that Fox 
Factory provides, “[a] finding that a presumption of nexus is inappropriate 
does not end the inquiry into secondary considerations”; rather, “the patent 
owner is still afforded an opportunity to prove nexus by showing that the 
evidence of secondary considerations is the ‘direct result of the unique 
characteristics of the claimed invention.’” Fox Factory, 994 F.3d at 1374 
(quoting In re Huang, 100 F.3d 135, 140 (Fed. Cir. 1996)). Here, we find 
that Patent Owner presents insufficient evidence to establish a nexus by this 
alternative route. Patent Owner does not present argument as to the “unique 
characteristics” of the claimed invention, or provide evidence to support 
such an analysis. See PO Resp. 65–66; PO Sur-reply 22–24. In addition, as 
discussed above, Patent Owner’s evidence is broadly directed to FIX-
R338L, which was in the prior art and does not suggest non-obviousness of 
the claimed invention as a whole. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
36 
 
In summary, Patent Owner does not meet its burden to show a 
presumption of nexus or show a nexus to the alleged long-felt need for an 
effective gene therapy for hemophilia B, industry praise, and unexpectedly 
superior efficacy of AAV-FIX-R338L. Weighing the evidence and 
arguments presented, we determine that even if there is some nexus, it is 
weak. See Merck & Cie, 808 F.3d at 837 (Where objective indicia “result[ ] 
from something other than what is both claimed and novel in the claim, there 
is no nexus to the merits of the claimed invention.”). The failure to show a 
nexus is fatal to Patent Owner’s contentions regarding objective indicia. 
With these determinations in mind, we turn to the evidence and 
argument regarding the remaining Graham factors in evaluating Petitioner’s 
obviousness contentions as to each of the challenged claims. 
2. Claim 1 
Because all of the challenged claims depend from claim 1, we first 
analyze the limitations of claim 1. 
a) Petitioner’s Contentions 
 Petitioner contends Stafford discloses a method of treating a 
coagulopathy in humans comprising administering a vector to the patient, 
because it teaches administration of vectors in gene therapy to produce 
Factor IX in the patient. Pet. 30–31 (citing Ex. 1004, 1, 7–9; Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 75–76, 129). Petitioner further contends Stafford’s disclosure of 
administering Factor IX protein “in an amount sufficient to facilitate or 
enhance blood clotting in said patient” (Ex. 1004, 5) and that “vectors may 
be used to produce recombinant Factor IX, or may be used in gene therapy 
to ... produce the Factor IX in the patient” (id. at 9) disclose treating a 
coagulopathy in humans, because the express purpose of generating FIX and 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
37 
 
enhancing clotting activity in a patient is to treat a coagulopathy such as 
hemophilia B. Pet. 36–37. Petitioner further contends Manno discloses 
methods of treating a coagulopathy in humans by administering an AAV2 
vector encoding wild-type FIX to humans with hemophilia B. Id. at 31–32 
(citing Ex. 1017, 1, 5; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 129–132). Petitioner contends Manno’s 
description of a clinical trial involving Subject E, who exhibited FIX activity 
levels as high as 11.8% and experienced absence of any bleeding episodes 
for ten weeks, discloses treatment of a coagulopathy. Id. at 37 (citing 
Ex. 1017, 2; Ex. 1003 ¶ 55, 136). 
Petitioner contends Stafford discloses an adeno-associated virus 
vector comprising a nucleic acid encoding a FIX polypeptide with at least 
70% identity to SEQ ID NO:2 and a leucine instead of an arginine at 
position 338, as recited in claim 1. Id. at 31–33 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1004, 1, 3, 
5, 9, claims 1, 5, 11, 14; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 77–80; Ex. 1094 ¶¶ 71–73). Petitioner 
contends a person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from 
Stafford that the same sequence in SEQ ID NO:1 that encodes for R338A 
would encode the R338L variant by using one of the six DNA codons 
disclosed in Stafford to encode for leucine at position 338. Id. at 33–34 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 1094 ¶¶ 35–37, 69, 73–77, 104). Petitioner further contends 
Stafford’s disclosure of an expression cassette containing a nucleic acid that 
encodes for one of Stafford’s three preferred variants (including the leucine 
variant) in claim 17, and disclosure of only four DNA viral vectors 
(including adeno-associated virus) and a DNA virus vector containing an 
expression cassette in claim 19, amounts to a disclosure of only twelve 
combinations, from which a person of ordinary skill in the art would at once 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
38 
 
envisage an AAV vector containing a nucleic acid that encodes for the 
R338L variant. Id. at 24 (citing Ex. 1004, 21–22; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 85–88). 
Petitioner contends Stafford and Manno each disclose a vector 
comprising “promoter sequences and transcription termination and control 
elements” as recited in claim 1. Id. at 34–36 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 81–
82, 134–135; Ex. 1004, 8; Ex. 1017, 2). 
Petitioner contends a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
been motivated to combine Stafford and Manno, to improve upon Manno’s 
results of treating hemophilia B with AAV-2 vectors encoding wild-type 
FIX. Id. at 37–38 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 137–141; Ex. 1004, 9; Ex. 1005, 7; 
Ex. 1094 ¶ 104). Petitioner contends a person of ordinary skill would have 
sought to improve existing gene therapy methods by using the more active 
R338L variant, and that the advantages of gene therapy with improved 
clotting FIX variants were known. Id. Petitioner further contends that a 
person of ordinary skill would have reasonably expected that given Manno’s 
success in treating hemophilia B using AAV-based gene therapy encoding 
for wild-type FIX, that gene therapy using AAV vectors encoding Stafford’s 
more active R338L variant would also be successful in treating hemophilia. 
Id. 
b) Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner contends Stafford includes no single embodiment of 
AAV-FIX-R338L for human gene therapy, but rather includes hundreds of 
combinations from which a person of ordinary skill in the art would need to 
pick and choose. PO Resp. 18–22; PO Sur-reply 5–7. Patent Owner further 
contends Stafford would have provided no motivation to pursue AAV-FIX-
R338L for gene therapy with a reasonable expectation of success. PO Resp. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
39 
 
24–27; PO Sur-reply 5–7. Patent Owner contends Manno does not remedy 
the deficiencies in Stafford because Manno’s study only involved wild-type 
FIX, and had no therapeutic window; the single subject who experienced 
elevated FIX levels also experienced an immune response—a “catch-22.” 
PO Resp. 23; PO Sur-reply 1–3. Patent Owner contends the combination of 
Stafford and Manno is based on hindsight because of the catch-22. PO 
Resp. 15, 27, 29; PO Sur-reply 9–10. Patent Owner contends a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would not have reasonably expected successful 
treatment with AAV-FIX-R338L based on either Stafford or Manno. PO 
Resp. 34–39; PO Sur-reply 18–20. 
c) Analysis 
Having reviewed Petitioner’s evidence and argument, we find that 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
combination of Stafford and Manno teaches the limitations of claim 1 of the 
’248 patent and that a person of ordinary skill would have been motivated to 
combine the references in the manner suggested with a reasonable 
expectation of success. We address Patent Owner’s evidence and argument 
below. 
Stafford 
Patent Owner contends Stafford does not disclose gene therapy, 
except for a single sentence stating that vectors may be used to produce 
recombinant FIX or for gene therapy, and not including any reference to a 
specific sequence, vector, or subject. PO Resp. 18 (citing Ex. 1004, 9; 
Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 89–91); PO Sur-reply 6. Patent Owner contends Stafford 
describes one example, comparing only FIX-R338A to wild-type FIX, and 
based on results showing increased activity of FIX-R338A in vitro, 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
40 
 
“includes a series of aspirational passages and purports to claim every non-
naturally occurring mutation to FIX-338.” Id. Patent Owner contends 
Stafford does not include any data for FIX-R338L, and that the leucine 
substitution R338L is one of ten substitutions identified, in a menu of 
options including eight categories of replicable vectors, treatment of humans 
or three types of animals, and protein replacement or gene therapy. PO 
Resp. 18–20 (citing Ex. 1004, 7–9; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 89–91, 119–36). Patent 
Owner contends a person of ordinary skill could construct hundreds of 
separate combinations from this menu. Id. at 20. 
We do not find Patent Owner’s arguments persuasive, because they do 
not fairly characterize all that Stafford discloses. FIX-R338L is one of three 
expressly preferred variants, and only one of two individually claimed in 
Stafford, and Stafford teaches that specific point mutations at position 338 of 
the FIX polypeptide provide “increased clotting activity as compared to the 
corresponding wild-type molecule” for treating hemophilia B. Ex. 1004, 1, 
4, 20. Stafford’s express preference for FIX variants—specifically, the two 
variants individually claimed, R338A and R338L—and its statement that 
“the present invention is primarily contemplated to be for the treatment of 
human subjects” (id. at 8) do not support Patent Owner’s contention that a 
person of ordinary skill would construct hundreds of separate combinations 
based on Stafford’s disclosure. Further, Dr. Wang’s testimony that AAV 
was the most common vector for hemophilia B gene therapy (Ex. 1003 ¶ 39; 
Ex. 1100 ¶¶ 15, 95–97) supports Petitioner’s contention that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood Stafford as teaching the 
combination of an AAV vector with one of the preferred FIX variants it 
discloses. Dr. Doering also acknowledges that scientists focused on AAV 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
41 
 
vectors in gene therapy development in the 2000s. Ex. 2102 ¶ 88; see also 
Ex. 1043, 27. This further supports Petitioner’s contention that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have found it obvious to combine one of 
Stafford’s most preferred variants, R338L, with an AAV vector as recited by 
claim 1. 
We also disagree with Patent Owner’s assertion that Stafford does not 
disclose AAV as a vector for gene therapy. Stafford in fact connects its 
disclosures of AAV and gene therapy; they appear in adjacent sentences. 
Ex. 1004, 9:9–14. We also find persuasive Dr. Wang’s testimony that a 
person of ordinary skill would have recognized that in hemophilia B 
treatment as Stafford discloses, AAV is used for gene therapy, not protein 
replacement therapy. Ex. 1100 ¶ 29. Although Patent Owner minimizes 
Stafford’s disclosure of gene therapy, Stafford’s teaching of protein 
replacement therapy does not negate its teaching of gene therapy; a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have considered Stafford for all that it 
discloses. In re Mouttet, 686 F.3d 1322, 1331 (Fed. Cir. 2012). 
Manno 
Patent Owner contends Manno does not fill the gaps in Stafford 
because it describes a study involving wild-type FIX, and only one of the 
seven subjects in the study, Subject E, experienced elevated FIX levels but 
no therapeutic window. PO Resp. 23 (citing Ex. 1017, 1–2; Ex. 2102 ¶ 100), 
29–30 (citing Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 371–82); PO Sur-reply 2. Patent Owner contends 
Manno discloses that Subject E experienced an immune response and FDA 
subsequently required lower dosing for later patients which resulted in no 
efficacy and transaminitis. PO Resp. 23 (citing Ex. 1017; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 277–
86). Patent Owner contends Manno thus demonstrates “the catch-22” in 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
42 
 
gene therapy for hemophilia B that existed prior to the invention of the ’248 
patent: doses of viral vector that might be effective caused immunogenic 
responses to the viral vector, and lower doses of viral vector did not lead to 
sufficient expression to cure the disease. PO Resp. 1, 23 (citing Ex. 2102 
¶¶ 277–86). Patent Owner relies on Dr. Wang’s statement in a 2007 
reference as recognition that Manno would not have provided a reasonable 
expectation of successful treatment with AAV-FIX-R338L. PO Resp. 29–30 
(citing Ex. 1033, 9). 
We disagree with Patent Owner that Manno’s study involving AAV-
wild-type FIX would not have provided a basis for a person of ordinary skill 
in the art to pursue AAV-FIX-R338L. Prior art, as explained by Dr. Wang, 
in fact taught that FIX-R338L would express similarly to wild-type FIX. 
See Ex. 1005, 2 (R338A with an AAV vector in mice was expected to 
express at similar levels as wild-type); Ex. 1012, 4 (no difference in 
expression levels of AAV-wild-type FIX and AAV-FIX-R338A); Ex. 1100 
¶ 116. 
We do not find persuasive Patent Owner’s arguments that Manno 
failed at treating hemophilia B, because we adopted Petitioner’s proposed 
construction of “treating” as discussed above. Under that construction, 
“treating” a coagulopathy includes partial alleviation of symptoms, for any 
duration of therapeutic efficacy. Manno’s study demonstrated “treating” a 
coagulopathy because it reported (1) Subject E achieved expression of FIX 
at therapeutic levels and “an absence of any bleeding episodes” for ten 
weeks “despite trauma which would ordinarily have required” replacement 
therapy (Ex. 1017, 2); (2) vector infusion at the tested doses “was not 
associated with acute or long-lasting toxicity,” and (3) immune-mediated 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
43 
 
reduction in Factor IX expression may be addressed with “a short-term 
immunomodulatory regimen that blocks the response to capsid” and, thus, 
“permit long-term expression of the donated gene.” Id. at 2–3. Other 
references recognized Manno’s result. For example, Hasbrouck concluded 
“it is clear that AAV-2 can transduce human hepatocytes and direct levels of 
expression adequate to treat hemophilia.” Ex. 1020, 5. Thus, Hasbrouck 
highlights the success of Manno and would have suggested to a person of 
ordinary skill to modify Manno by using a more active variant and with a 
short course of immunosuppressants to address the anti-AAV capsid-
directed immune response that limited the duration of efficacy in Manno. 
Id. at 4–5; see Ex. 1003 ¶ 221. 
Similarly, we do not find persuasive Dr. Doering’s opinions that are 
based on characterizing Manno’s studies as a failure. See, e.g. Ex. 2102 
¶¶ 373–80. Patent Owner’s arguments based on the catch-22 assume claim 
limitations related to duration of treatment and efficacy that we have 
determined are not present in the claims. 
We do not agree with Patent Owner that Dr. Wang’s statement in a 
2007 paper that it was “difficult ... to develop strategies to overcome” the 
immune response (Ex. 1033, 9) suggests that a person of ordinary skill 
would not have recognized Manno as providing a reasonable expectation of 
treatment with AAV-FIX-R338L. Patent Owner does not fairly characterize 
Dr. Wang’s statement, which recognizes that using immunosuppression is 
not inconsistent with using FIX-R338L; in the same paper, Dr. Wang 
recommends immunosuppression. Id.; Ex. 1100 ¶¶ 138, 175. As discussed 
in Manno, mitigating an immune response is not incompatible with 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
44 
 
exploration of a FIX mutant using a more active variant. See Ex. 1100 
¶ 100. 
Motivation to Combine 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s combination of Stafford and 
Manno is based on hindsight. PO Resp. 24. Patent Owner contends Stafford 
at most would have motivated further study of FIX-R338A in vitro, and that 
is in fact what happened in practice (id. at 24–26 (citing Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 319–
60)): following Stafford’s publication, Schuettrumpf studied FIX-R338A in 
mice (Ex. 1005); Stafford published again on R338A (Ex. 2004); and 
Huazhong published on AAV-FIX-R338A in mice (Ex. 1012). Patent 
Owner further contends that because Stafford is primarily directed to protein 
replacement therapy, it would not have motivated a person of ordinary skill 
to use AAV for gene therapy. Id. at 26–27 (citing Ex. 1004, 7, 8, 18, 20; 
Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 324–26, 261–70; Ex. 2114, 130:2–131:5). Patent Owner further 
contends that because Manno’s patients experienced safety issues, Manno at 
most would have motivated further study of wild-type FIX to generate 
efficacy while addressing immunosuppression; it would not have motivated 
a person of ordinary skill to study a FIX mutation. Id. at 27 (citing 
Ex. 1017, 5; Ex. 1033, 9; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 100–03, 462–70). 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s argument that a person of ordinary 
skill would have been motivated to pursue AAV-FIX-R338L based on 
Stafford and Manno’s teachings is wrong for several reasons: (1) Stafford 
does not state why it identifies FIX-R338L as preferred, and Dr. Wang 
agreed a person of ordinary skill would need to test FIX-R338L in Stafford 
(PO Resp. 31, citing Ex. 1004; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 321–25; Ex. 2032, 102:15–
103:16, 105:9–19); (2) Stafford’s in vitro results in a specific cell culture 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
45 
 
would not necessarily indicate to a person of ordinary skill that FIX-R338L 
would express, based on prior art mutations’ impaired expression and 
Drs. Pedersen and Wang’s failure to explain why (id. at 32–33, citing 
Ex. 2029; Ex. 2101 ¶¶ 97–111, 133–35; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 84–86, 320–36, 380–
98; Ex. 2130, 47:19–48:6; Ex. 2114, 47:6–48:14); (3) a person of ordinary 
skill would not have expected a surface exposed alanine as in Stafford’s 
variant could be substituted by leucine without losing expression or activity, 
contrary to Dr. Pedersen’s testimony (id. at 33–34, citing Ex. 1094 ¶¶ 58, 
104; Ex. 2130, 74:13–19, 79:9–80:24; Ex. 2101 ¶¶ 41–57; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 96–
99, 112, 340–60); (4) hemophilia B gene therapy was unpredictable, had 
experienced multiple setbacks, and there was no data on AAV-FIX-R338L 
in vivo as of 2008, such that a person of ordinary skill would not have had a 
reasonable basis to expect from Stafford or Manno that R338L would 
express or have sufficient activity in vivo (id. at 34–36); and (5) Manno’s 
study using AAV vector had problems with immunogenicity and did not 
evidence safe and effective treatment, but rather, unsolved problems (id. at 
37–38, citing Ex. 1017, 5; Ex. 1020, 1; Ex. 2126, 27; Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 317–409). 
We disagree with Patent Owner that Petitioner used impermissible 
hindsight in combining Stafford and Manno. Contrary to Patent Owner’s 
arguments, Petitioner has shown a motivation to combine supported by 
rational underpinnings in the evidentiary record. 
As discussed above, the evidence supports that a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have been motivated to use Stafford’s disclosure of a 
DNA sequence encoding one of Stafford’s preferred variants, FIX-R338L, 
for gene therapy in vivo, because Stafford discloses FIX-R338L has 
improved clotting activity. Dr. Pedersen explains why a person of ordinary 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
46 
 
skill would have expected to be able to substitute leucine in Stafford’s 
R338A-FIX example, without losing activity, because detailed structural 
information regarding FIX was available in 2008, including the effect of a 
substitution at position 38. Ex. 1101 ¶¶ 16, 21. Dr. Pedersen further 
explains that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that 
alanine and leucine are both uncharged, non-polar, aliphatic, and 
hydrophobic amino acids—different from charged, polar, highly hydrophilic 
arginine—such that a person of ordinary skill would have considered a 
substitution of leucine for alanine to be a conservative amino acid 
substitution that would improve clotting activity relative to arginine at 
position 338 of FIX. Id. ¶¶ 23–28, 52; Ex. 1094 ¶¶ 56–59. 
We also find Dr. Pedersen’s opinion with regard to a leucine 
substitution in FIX-R338 more credible than Dr. Spiegel’s, who states “there 
is no such thing as ‘conservative amino acid substitutions’ in the sense 
Dr. Pedersen asserts.” Ex. 2101 ¶ 72. The ’248 patent itself refers to 
“conservative amino acid substitutions” and states “[i]t is expected that 
substitutions between these homologous amino acids [including alanine and 
leucine] would not change the phenotype of the proteins.” Ex. 1001, 4:48–
61. Although Dr. Spiegel notes that substitution is context dependent and 
“the specification recognizes ... various properties of each unique amino acid 
all contribute to the amino acid’s interactions” (Ex. 2101 ¶ 75, citing 
Ex. 1001, 4:48–61; Ex. 1002, 4:45–58; Ex. 1039, 51), his opinions do not 
account for the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in the art as to the 
properties of alanine and leucine and the structure of FIX. See Ex. 1101 
¶¶ 36–39. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
47 
 
We also do not find persuasive Patent Owner’s argument that a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have had serious concerns whether R338L 
would be expressed, based on Stafford. As discussed above, Stafford 
discloses successful expression of R338A in vitro, and as Dr. Wang 
explains, the understanding of a person of ordinary skill of similarities 
between R338A and R338L would have supported the understanding that 
R338L would express at a similar level to R338A, given Stafford’s 
disclosure that only R338P showed reduced expression, and unlike leucine, 
“proline is a known ‘helix breaker.’” Ex. 1004, 14–15; Ex. 1100 
¶¶ 113–116. Stafford’s disclosure that mutations at 330–337 cause severe 
hemophilia due to loss of FIX activity (Ex. 1004, 19:16–20) does not 
support Patent Owner’s argument, because Patent Owner’s experts do not 
persuasively explain why the risk of severe hemophilia from single amino 
acid substitutions at positions 330–337 would be predictive of a similar risk 
at position 338. See Ex. 1100 ¶¶ 115–119; Ex. 1101 ¶¶ 48–51. As such, we 
agree with Dr. Wang that a person of ordinary skill in the art would not have 
expected difficulties in expression of R338L. 
We also do not find persuasive Patent Owner’s argument that a person 
of ordinary skill would not have expected expression of FIX-R338L at 
similar levels to wild-type FIX. To the contrary, Schuettrumpf supports a 
conclusion that a person of ordinary skill would have expected that gene 
therapy with FIX-R338A expressed in vivo from liver cells at levels similar 
to wild-type FIX. Ex. 1005, 2; Ex. 1012, 4. As Dr. Wang testified, this 
would have suggested to a person of ordinary skill that FIX-R338L would 
express at a similar level. Ex. 2114, 53:13–55:14; Ex. 1100 ¶¶ 113–16. 
Further, Patent Owner’s selective use of Schuettrumpf, as evidence that a 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
48 
 
person of ordinary skill would have been motivated to study FIX-R338A 
rather than FIX-R338L, fails to credit Schuettrumpf’s broader teaching that 
“F.IX variants provide a promising strategy to improve the efficacy for a 
variety of gene-based therapies for hemophilia B” as also reflected by its 
title “Factor IX variants improve gene therapy efficacy for hemophilia B.” 
Ex. 1005, 1. We find more persuasive Dr. Wang’s opinion that 
Schuettrumpf’s disclosure of R338A’s high activity levels would have 
further motivated a person of ordinary skill to pursue hemophilia B gene 
therapy using the R338L variant (see Ex. 1003 ¶ 219), based on 
Dr. Pedersen’s testimony regarding similarities between the R338L and 
R338A variants. See Ex. 1094 ¶¶ 104. 
Patent Owner’s argument that Dr. Wang fails to explain why a person 
of ordinary skill would have expected sufficient expression of FIX-R338L 
based on Manno’s results does not fairly characterize the record. See PO 
Sur-reply 9–10. Patent Owner’s argument is based on Dr. Wang’s 2005 
publication which referred to a preliminary report of Manno’s results9 as 
showing “no gene transfer” at low dose using an AAV2 vector. Ex. 2138, 1. 
Following publication of the full results in Manno, Dr. Wang explains that in 
2008 a person of ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to use 
the higher activity R338L variant of Stafford in order to lower the dose and 
decrease the immune response reported by Manno. Ex. 1100 ¶¶ 136–37. 
Therefore, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that Dr. 
Wang’s opinion demonstrates hindsight. 
 
9 Manno was published in 2006. 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
49 
 
 
Reasonable Expectation of Success 
Patent Owner contends a person of ordinary skill would not have had 
a reasonable expectation of success in modifying Stafford, for the reasons 
described above, such as structural differences between alanine and leucine. 
PO Resp. 28–29 (citing Ex. 2108 ¶ 73; Ex. 2101 ¶¶ 31–76, 85–86, 135; 
Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 340–60). Patent Owner contends a person of ordinary skill 
would have been uncertain as to whether to try immunosuppression to solve 
safety issues in Manno. PO Resp. 38–39 (citing Ex. 2118; Ex. 1033, 9; 
Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 415–31). Patent Owner again relies on Dr. Wang’s publication 
“acknowledg[ing] the cause of Manno’s immune response was difficult to 
verify” (id. at 39, citing Ex. 1033, 9), and her testimony concerning risk and 
uncertainty around immunosuppression. Id. at 38–39 (citing Ex. 2114, 
99:14–101:9, 116:19–117:1, 118:18–119:7, 120:2–7, 121:5–124:5). Patent 
Owner contends that in view of the highly unpredictable field of gene 
therapy, Manno’s failure, and no AAV-FIX-R338L-specific data, there is no 
support for a finding of a reasonable expectation of success under OSI 
Pharms., LLC v. Apotex Inc., 939 F.3d 1375, 1384–85 (Fed. Cir. 2019). PO 
Resp. 3, 39. 
We disagree with Patent Owner’s assertion of no reasonable 
expectation of success, for reasons discussed above, in addition to those we 
highlight below. As to structural differences between alanine and leucine, 
the ’248 patent itself states “It is expected that substitutions between these 
homologous amino acids would not change the phenotype of the proteins 
....” Ex. 1001, 4:48–61. Thus, Patent Owner’s specification is evidence that 
a person of ordinary skill would have expected to substitute alanine with 
leucine without losing activity, because of their similar properties. See 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
50 
 
Koninlijke Philips NV v. Google LLC, 948 F.3d 1330, 1339 (Fed. Cir. 2020) 
(“[I]t is appropriate to rely on admissions in a patent’s specification when 
assessing whether that patent’s claims would have been obvious.”). 
Regarding a person of ordinary skill’s purported uncertainty as to 
whether to try immunosuppression following Manno’s results, to the extent 
Patent Owner’s arguments are based on duration of efficacy or therapeutic 
response, they are inconsistent with our construction of “treating” and 
therefore not persuasive. Further, Patent Owner’s arguments do not 
adequately credit Hasbrouck’s teaching, based on Manno’s results, that “it is 
clear that AAV-2 can transduce human hepatocytes and direct levels of 
expression adequate to treat hemophilia.” Ex. 1020, 5. We have reviewed 
Dr. Wang’s deposition testimony (Ex. 2114, 124:13–126:17) and do not 
agree with Patent Owner that it undermines this evidence. Therefore, 
Hasbrouck’s conclusion does not support Patent Owner’s argument that a 
person of ordinary skill would not have a reasonable expectation of success 
in light of Manno’s results. See Ex. 1100 ¶ 124. 
As to Patent Owner’s argument concerning the unpredictability of 
gene therapy, and a lack of efficacy data specifically for AAV-FIX-R338L, 
we have considered the evidence submitted by both parties. Although we 
acknowledge that Dr. Doering presents credible testimony concerning the 
unpredictability of certain aspects of gene therapy (e.g., Ex. 2102 ¶¶ 505–
506), we do not agree that the evidence as a whole supports a finding of no 
reasonable expectation of success, for reasons discussed above. As 
Petitioner asserts, and Dr. Wang credibly testifies, FIX levels correlate well 
with clinical symptomology, such that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would reasonably expect a small increase in FIX activity would succeed in 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
51 
 
“treating” symptoms within the meaning of the ’248 patent. Pet. Reply 15 
(citing Ex. 1020, 2; Ex. 1100 ¶ 135). Thus, unlike OSI Pharms., which 
found “a complete absence of an indicator or mechanism on which a person 
of ordinary skill could rely” to reasonably expect success in treating non-
small cell lung cancer (OSI Pharms. at 1384–85), Petitioner has shown a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood the use of FIX 
variants with AAV vectors for gene therapy, and that using a slightly more 
active FIX variant would treat hemophilia B. Further, OSI Pharms. 
recognizes that efficacy data is not always required for a reasonable 
expectation of success. Id. at 1385. University of Strathclyde v. Clear-Vu 
Lighting LLC., on which Patent Owner relies, is also distinguishable because 
there, the court found lack of any “reliable indicator of success” that MRSA 
bacteria could be inactivated when exposed to a particular wavelength of 
light without using a photosensitizer. 17 F.4th 155, 165 (Fed. Cir. 2021). 
In any event, a finding of obviousness does not require absolute certainty; 
some level of unpredictability in the art cannot defeat a showing of a 
reasonable expectation of success. See, e.g., Pfizer, Inc., 480 F.3d at 1364 
(“the expectation of success need only be reasonable, not absolute.”). 
d) Conclusion as to Claim 1 
Having reviewed Petitioner’s and Patent Owner’s evidence and 
arguments, we find that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that the combination of Stafford and Manno accounts for all of the 
limitations of claim 1 and that there was a motivation to combine the 
references in the manner suggested with a reasonable expectation of success. 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
52 
 
3. Claim 2 
Claim 2 additionally recites that “the modified FIX polypeptide is 
expressed in the human patient at a level at least five fold less than the level 
of wild-type FIX of SEQ ID NO:2 in a healthy human lacking the 
coagulopathy.” Petitioner contends Manno discloses that Subject E’s FIX 
expression levels ranged from 8.73 to 12.95 % of normal, which is below the 
recited upper limit of at least five-fold less, i.e. no more than 20% of normal. 
Pet. 38–39 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 177–179; Ex. 1017, 1–2; Ex. 1083, Supp. 
Table 4). Petitioner contends Manno also discloses an immune reaction to 
the AAV2 vector that limited the duration of the therapeutic effect. Id. at 39 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 179; Ex. 10107, 1). Petitioner contends a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated not to increase the dose 
in Manno, and would have had a reasonable expectation of success in at 
least preserving efficacy when using the R338L variant, and that if a person 
of ordinary skill in the art were to reduce the dose, it would have been 
expected to further reduce the resulting FIX expression levels and keep them 
under five-fold less than normal. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 179–180; 
Ex. 1083). 
Patent Owner’s argument with regard to claim 2 essentially is the 
same as its argument with regard to claim 1. See PO Resp. 40–42. Patent 
Owner contends Manno does not disclose the limitation of claim 2 because 
Subject E was treated with wild-type FIX, no dose in Manno was safe and 
effective, and nothing in Stafford or Manno would give a person of ordinary 
skill a reasonable expectation that FIX-R338L would be expressed, let alone 
at any particular level. Id. As discussed above for claim 1, we do not find 
these arguments persuasive. Accordingly, for the reasons discussed above, 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
53 
 
we determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claim 2 would have been obvious over Stafford and Manno. 
4. Claim 4 
Claim 4 depends from claim 1 and additionally recites “wherein the 
nucleic acid integrates stably into the human patient’s genome.” Petitioner 
contends the claim requires integration of the nucleic acid that encodes the 
R338L variant. Pet. 40. Petitioner provides further analysis detailing where 
it contends this limitation is disclosed in Stafford and Manno. 
Patent Owner does not offer any additional argument with respect to 
the patentability of claim 4. 
We have reviewed Petitioner’s evidence and argument, and find that 
Petitioner has shown the combination of Stafford and Manno teaches the 
limitations of claim 4. Accordingly, for the reasons discussed above, we 
determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claim 4 would have been obvious over Stafford and Manno. 
5. Claims 5 and 6 
Claims 5 and 6 depend from claim 1; claim 6 additionally recites 
“wherein the adeno-associated virus vector is administered at a dose of 1014 
to 1012 particles per kilogram of patient weight.” Petitioner provides further 
analysis detailing where it contends these limitations are disclosed in 
Stafford and Manno. Pet. 41–45. 
Patent Owner does not offer any additional argument with respect to 
the patentability of claims 5 and 6. 
We have reviewed Petitioner’s evidence and argument, and find that 
Petitioner has shown the combination of Stafford and Manno teaches the 
limitations of claims 5 and 6. Accordingly, for the reasons discussed above, 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
54 
 
we determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 5 and 6 would have been obvious over Stafford and Manno. 
6. Claims 11 and 12 
Claim 11 depends from claim 2 and additionally recites “the healthy 
human expresses 5 µg/ml of wild-type FIX.” Claim 12 depends from claim 
11 and additionally recites “the 5 µg/ml of wild-type FIX is measured in 
plasma from the healthy human.” Petitioner provides further analysis 
detailing where it contends each additional limitation of claims 11 and 12 
are disclosed in Stafford and Manno. Pet. 45–46. We have reviewed 
Petitioner’s evidence and argument, and find that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Stafford and Manno teach each of these 
limitations. 
Patent Owner does not offer any additional argument with respect to 
the patentability of claims 11 and 12. PO Resp. 42–43. 
We have reviewed Petitioner’s evidence and argument, and find that 
Petitioner has shown the combination of Stafford and Manno teaches the 
limitations of claims 11 and 12. Accordingly, for the reasons discussed 
above, we determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 11 and 12 would have been obvious over Stafford and 
Manno. 
7. Claim 13 
Claim 13 depends from claim 1 and additionally recites “wherein the 
modified FIX polypeptide is expressed at a daily dosage between 0.1 µg/kg 
and 400 µg/kg body weight.” Petitioner provides further analysis detailing 
where it contends this additional limitation is disclosed in Stafford and 
Manno. Pet. 46–47. Specifically, Petitioner contends the claimed range of 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
55 
 
FIX expression encompasses the levels achieved by Subject E in Manno at 
weeks two and five post-therapy, and even if the dose of AAV in Manno 
were lowered, a person of ordinary skill in the art would expect FIX 
expression within the claimed range. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 206–211; 
Ex. 1083). 
Patent Owner does not offer any additional argument with respect to 
the patentability of claim 13. 
We have reviewed Petitioner’s evidence and argument and find that 
Petitioner has shown the combination of Stafford and Manno teaches the 
limitations of claim 13. Accordingly, for the reasons discussed above, we 
determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claim 13 would have been obvious over Stafford and Manno. 
8. Claims 17 and 18 
Claims 17 and 18 depend from claim 2 and additionally recite that 
“the modified FIX polypeptide is expressed at a level of seven to nine fold 
less than the level of wild-type FIX of SEQ ID NO:2 in the healthy human” 
(claim 17) and “the modified FIX polypeptide is expressed at a level of eight 
to nine fold less than the level of wild-type FIX of SEQ ID NO:2 in the 
healthy human” (claim 18). Petitioner contends, as with claim 2, that it 
would have been obvious to a person of ordinary skill in the art to lower the 
vector doses used in Manno in order to limit any immune reaction, or to 
maintain Manno’s dose and use immunosuppression to treat a possible 
immune reaction. Pet. 48–49 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 213–217; Ex. 1072 ¶ 118; 
Ex. 1020, 4–5). Petitioner contends that under either option, a person of 
ordinary skill would have expected to obtain expression levels in the range 
disclosed in Manno, 8.73 to 12.95%. Id. (citing Ex. 1083). Petitioner 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
56 
 
explains that those ranges overlap with the claimed ranges of 11.11–14.29% 
(translation of seven to nine fold less) and 11.11–12.5% (translation of eight 
to nine fold less), respectively. Id. at 50. Petitioner further contends that in 
the absence of evidence that the claimed ranges are critical, evidence of an 
overlapping range renders the claims obvious. Id., citing In re Peterson, 315 
F.3d 1325, 1329 (Fed. Cir. 2003). 
Patent Owner contends the highest expression level measured in 
Subject E in Manno was 10.84%, which is below the claimed ranges of 
11.11–14.29% and 11.11–12.5%. PO Resp. 43 (citing Ex. 1083; Ex. 2102 
¶¶ 583–93). Patent Owner further contends that the standard deviation of 
Manno’s activity range, on which Petitioner relies, is not an appropriate 
measure of whether Manno discloses the claimed limitation. Id. at 44. 
Patent Owner further contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
not have been motivated to use Manno’s dose of AAV with FIX-R338L with 
a reasonable expectation of success, for the reasons discussed above for 
claim 1. Id. at 45. 
Petitioner responds that Dr. Doering’s testimony that Manno discloses 
FIX antigen levels of “3–12% of normal” contradicts Patent Owner’s 
assertion that Manno’s antigen levels do not overlap with the claimed 
ranges. Pet. Reply 16 (citing Ex. 1072 ¶ 34); Ex. 1100 ¶¶ 160–167. 
Patent Owner’s argument that Petitioner inappropriately relied on 
standard deviation of Manno’s expression levels is not persuasive, because 
Manno’s table of results for Subject E states expression levels in terms of 
“% of Normal Mean +/- SD.” Ex. 1083. Further, Dr. Doering’s testimony 
in the ’388 IPR that Manno achieved expression levels up to 12% is 
consistent with Petitioner’s position as to how a person of ordinary skill 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
57 
 
would understand Manno’s disclosure of results for Subject E. Ex. 1072 
¶ 34. Moreover, Patent Owner fails to adduce evidence that the expression 
level ranges of claims 17 and 18 are critical or carry patent weight. See PO 
Resp. 43–45; PO Sur-reply 21–22. 
Having reviewed the parties’ evidence and argument, we determine 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
combination of Stafford and Manno teaches the limitation of claims 17 and 
18. Accordingly, for the reasons discussed above, we determine Petitioner 
has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 17 and 18 would 
have been obvious over Stafford and Manno. 
G. 
Ground 2: Alleged Obviousness Based on Stafford, Manno, 
Schuettrumpf, and Hasbrouck 
For the reasons discussed above, Petitioner has shown in Grounds 1, 
3, and 4 that claims 2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 of the ’248 patent are 
unpatentable, by a preponderance of the evidence. In addressing these 
grounds, we have addressed all of the challenged claims. See 35 U.S.C. 
§ 318(a) (requiring the Board to “issue a final written decision with respect 
to the patentability of any patent claim challenged by the petitioner and any 
new claim added under section 316(d)”); see also SAS Inst. Inc. v. Iancu, 
138 S. Ct. 1348, 1359 (2018) (holding that a petitioner “is entitled to a final 
written decision addressing all of the claims it has challenged”). 
Accordingly, we need not and do not decide whether Petitioner has shown 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 are 
unpatentable over the combination of Stafford, Manno, Schuettrumpf, and 
Hasbrouck. Cf. In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 1338 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (not 
reaching other grounds of unpatentability after affirming the anticipation 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
58 
 
ground); see also Beloit Corp. v. Valmet Oy, 742 F.2d 1421, 1423 (Fed. Cir. 
1984) (holding that once a dispositive issue is decided, there is no need to 
decide other issues). 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 
2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 are unpatentable over the combination of Stafford 
and Manno; and claims 2, 5, 6, 11–13, 17, and 18 are unpatentable over 
Monahan,10 as summarized below: 
 
 
 
10 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
Decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
59 
 
 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/B
asis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
2, 4–6, 11–
13, 17, 18 
103 
Stafford and 
Manno 
2, 4–6, 11–13, 
17, 18 
 
2, 4–6, 11–
13, 17, 18 
10311 
Stafford, 
Manno, 
Schuettrumpf, 
Hasbrouck 
 
 
2, 5, 6, 11–
13 
102(a) 
Monahan 
2, 5, 6, 11–13 
2, 5, 6, 11–
13, 17, 18 
103 
Monahan 
2, 5, 6, 11–13, 
17, 18 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
2, 4–6, 11–13, 
17, 18 
 
 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 2, 4–6, 11–13, 17, and 18 of the ’248 patent 
are held to be unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
11 As explained in the previous section, we need not and do not decide 
whether Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
combination of references in this ground renders obvious the challenged 
claims. 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2021-00926 
Patent 9,982,248 B2 
 
60 
 
PETITIONER: 
 
Dov Grossman 
David Berl 
Xun Liu 
WILLIAMS & CONNOLLY LLP 
dgrossman@wc.com 
dberl@wc.com 
mliu@wc.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
 
Emily Whelan 
David Cavanaugh 
Cindy Kan 
WILMER CUTLER PICKERING HALE AND DORR LLP 
Emily.whelan@wilmerhale.cm 
David.cavanaugh@wilmerhale.com 
Cindy.kan@wilmerhale.com