--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 52 
571-272-7822 
Date: September 19, 2025 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
MERCK SHARP & DOHME LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
 
Before DEBORAH KATZ, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and 
DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
KATZ, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
Petitioner, Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, filed a Petition to institute an 
inter partes review of all claims, namely claims 1–38 of U.S. Patent No. 
11,634,491 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’491 patent”) pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 311(a). 
(Paper 1 (“Pet.”) 1, 3–4.) Patent Owner, The Johns Hopkins University, did 
not file a Preliminary Response pursuant to 37 C.F.R. § 42.107(b). We 
granted the Petition and instituted an inter partes review. (Paper 6 
(“Decision”).) 
During the review, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response to 
the Petition (Paper 28 (confidential Paper 24) (“PO Resp.”)), Petitioner filed 
a Reply (Paper 45 (confidential Paper 42) (“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent Owner 
filed a Sur-reply (Paper 50 (confidential Paper 47) (“PO Sur-Reply”)). 
The parties declined to present oral arguments in this proceeding. 
(See Paper 49.) We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6, and this Final 
Written Decision, issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a), addresses issues 
and arguments raised during the trial.1 For the reasons discussed below, we 
 
1 To the extent this Final Written Decision includes portions of the record 
that are presently sealed, the parties may meet and confer concerning 
whether any portions of this Decision should be redacted before it is made 
available to the public. If any party maintains that redactions to the Final 
Written Decision should be made, that party may, within seven (7) days of 
entry of the Final Written Decision, submit a proposed redacted and 
publicly-available version of the Final Written Decision along with a motion 
to seal explaining why the redactions are necessary and outweigh any public 
interest in the redacted information. Any opposition to such motion must be 
filed within ten (10) days after the motion is filed. If no motion is filed 
within the timeline set forth above or if the parties otherwise inform the 
Board (via email to trials@uspto.gov) that no redactions are necessary, the 
Final Written Decision will be made available to the public in unredacted 
form. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
3 
determine that Petitioner has proven, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that claims 1–38 of the ’491 patent are unpatentable. 
A. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC and Merck & Co., 
Inc., as its real parties-in-interest. (See Pet. 64.) Patent Owner identifies 
The Johns Hopkins University as its real party-in-interest. (See Paper 3, 1.) 
B. Related Matters 
Both Petitioner and Patent Owner report that the litigation Merck 
Sharp & Dohme LLC v. The Johns Hopkins University, 1:22-cv-03059-JRR 
(D. Md.), is a related matter. (See Pet. 64; Paper 3, 1.) 
In addition, several other inter partes reviews are related to this 
proceeding, including IPR 2024-00622, challenging the claims of U.S. 
Patent No. 10,934,356; IPR2024-00623, challenging claims of U.S. Patent 
No. 11,325,974 B2; IPR2024-00624, challenging the claims of U.S. Patent 
No. 11,325,975 B2; IPR2024-00625, challenging claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,339,219 B2; IPR2024-00647, challenging claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,649,287 B2; IPR2024-00648, challenging claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,643,462 B2; IPR2024-00649, challenging claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,629,187 B2. 
IPR2024-00240 is also related. Claims 1–42 of U.S. Patent No. 
11,591,393 B2 were held to be unpatentable in that proceeding. (See Merck 
Sharp & Dohme, LLC v. The Johns Hopkins Univ., IPR2024-00240, Paper 
90 (PTAB June 9, 2025), Final Written Decision.) Patent Owner’s request 
for Director Review of that decision was denied. (Id., Paper 93.) 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
4 
C. The ’491 Patent 
The application that became the ’491 patent was filed on May 9, 2022, 
claiming priority to a number of continuation applications and also to 
provisional application 62/190,977, which was filed July 10, 2015. (See Ex. 
1001, codes (22), (60).) The ’491 patent cites another provisional 
application, filed November 13, 2014, but Patent Owner claims priority only 
to July 10, 2015. (See PO Resp. 5 n.4; Ex. 1001, code (60).) 
The ’491 patent is directed to anti-cancer therapies that block immune 
system checkpoints, including the PD-1 receptor, in cancer patients. (See 
Ex. 1001, Abstract.) More specifically, the ’491 patent is directed to treating 
cancer patients with high mutational burdens, such as found in microsatellite 
instable (MSI) cancer, with anti-PD-1 antibodies. (Id. at 3:39–43.) The 
Specification discloses that pembrolizumab is a monoclonal anti-PD-1 
antibody, attributed to Merck, which was administered to patients in a 
clinical trial. (Id. at 8:54–58.) 
Claim 1 of the ’491 patent recites: 
A method of treating cancer in a human patient, the 
method comprising: 
testing or having tested a biological sample obtained 
from a patient having endometrial cancer, small bowel cancer, 
gastric cancer, ampullary cancer, choloangiocarcinoma, 
pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, breast cancer, esophageal 
cancer, liver cancer, ovarian cancer, uterine cancer, cervical 
cancer, bladder cancer, testicular cancer or oral cancer, thereby 
determining that the patient's cancer is microsatellite instability 
high or DNA mismatch repair deficient; and 
in response to determining that the patient's cancer is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient, treating the patient determined to have microsatellite 
instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient cancer with a 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
5 
 
(Id. at 25:36–52.) Independent claim 16, the only other independent claim, 
is similar and recites the same steps of “testing” and “in response to 
determining that the colorectal cancer is microsatellite instability high or 
DNA mismatch repair deficient, treating . . . .” (Id. at 26:24–41.) 
The parties refer to the term “microsatellite instability high” as “MSI-
H” and the term “mismatch repair deficient” as “dMMR.” The parties agree 
that testing for either MSI-H or dMMR is considered the equivalent of 
testing for the other condition, and refer most often to MSI-H as the 
identified condition. (See Pet. 6; PO Resp. 5 n.3.) 
D. Evidence 
Petitioner relies, inter alia, on the following evidence in the grounds 
of challenge. 
Name 
Reference 
Exhibit 
MSR (MSI-
H Study 
Record) 
ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01876511, “Study of 
MK-3475 in Patients With Microsatellite 
Unstable (MSI) Tumors (Cohorts A, B and C),” 
(June 10, 2013) available at 
https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT01876511?tab
=history&a=1 
1005 
Chapelle 
Chapelle et al., Clinical Relevance of 
Microsatellite Instability in Colorectal Cancer, 
28(20) J. Clinical Oncology 3380 (2010) 
1007 
Steinert 
Steinert et al., Immune Escape and Survival 
Mechanisms in Circulating Tumor Cells of 
Colorectal Cancer, 74(6) Cancer Research OF1 
(March 2014) 
1008 
Benson 
Benson et al., Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: 
Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology, 12(7) 
J. Nat’l Comprehensive Cancer Network 1028 
(July 2014) 
1009 
Salipante 
Salipante et al., Microsatellite Instability 
1010 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
6 
Detection by Next Generation Sequencing, 60(9) 
Clinical Chemistry 1192 (2014) 
Hamid 
Hamid et al., Safety and Tumor Responses with 
Lambrolizumab (Anti-PD-1) in Melanoma, 
369(2) New Eng. J. Medicine 134 (July 2013) 
1011 
Brown 
Brown et al., Neo-antigens predicted by tumor 
genome meta-analysis 
correlate with increased patient survival, 24 
Genome Res. 743 (May 2014) 
1034 
Duval 
Duval et al., The mutator pathway is a feature 
of immunodeficiency-related 
lymphomas, 101(14) Proc. Nat’l Acad. Sci. 
5002 (April 2004) 
1087 
Koh 
Koh et al., Uterine Neoplasms, Versions 
1.2014: Clinical Practice Guidelines in 
Oncology, 12(2) J. Nat’l Comprehensive Cancer 
Network 248 (February 2014) 
1095 
 
 
E. Prior Art and Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–38 are unpatentable on the following 
grounds: 
 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1, 2, 4–7, 11–17, 19–
22, 26–38 
102 
MSR 
2 
1, 2, 4–7, 11–17, 19–
22, 26–38 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson 
3 
1–2, 4–7, 11, 13–17, 
19–22, 26, 28–38 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Koh 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 
(2011) (“AIA”), included revisions to 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 that became 
effective on March 16, 2013, before the filing of the applications to which 
the ’393 patent claims priority. Therefore, we apply the AIA versions of 
Sections 102 and 103. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
7 
 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
4 
2, 8, 17, 23 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Koh, Chapelle 
5 
3, 18 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Koh, Steinert 
6 
9, 10, 24, 25 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Koh, Salipante 
 7 
11, 26 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Koh, Hamid 
 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
“A person shall be entitled to a patent unless— (1) the claimed 
invention was patented, described in a printed publication, or in public use, 
on sale, or otherwise available to the public before the effective filing date of 
the . . . .” 35 U.S.C. § 102(a). To be anticipated, each and every element of 
the claim must be found, either expressly or inherently described, in a single 
prior art reference. See Atofina v. Great Lakes Chem. Corp., 441 F.3d 991, 
999 (Fed. Cir. 2006). When claim elements are inherently taught, the result 
must be a necessary consequence of what was deliberately intended, but the 
prior art need not demonstrate that the authors appreciated the results. See 
MEHL/Biophile Int’l Corp. v. Milgraum, 192 F.3d 1362, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 
1999); see Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharm., Inc., 339 F.3d 1373, 1377 
(Fed. Cir. 2003) (“At the outset, this court rejects the contention that 
inherent anticipation requires recognition in the prior art.”). 
Under 35 U.S.C. § 103, a patent for a claimed invention may not be 
obtained 
if the differences between the claimed invention and the prior 
art are such that the claimed invention as a whole would have 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
8 
been obvious before the effective filing date of the claimed 
invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which 
the claimed invention pertains. 
 
Obviousness is determined by looking to the scope and content of the prior 
art, differences between the prior art and the claims at issue, and the level of 
ordinary skill in the pertinent art resolved. See Graham v. John Deere Co. of 
Kansas City, 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). “[T]he analysis need not seek out 
precise teachings directed to the specific subject matter of the challenged 
claim, for a court can take account of the inferences and creative steps that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would employ.” KSR Int'l Co. v. Teleflex 
Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 418 (2007). 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art and Declarants 
The parties rely on the testimony of witnesses for their opinions on 
what one of ordinary skill in the art would have known and understood at the 
relevant time. Specifically, Petitioner relies on the testimony of Alfred L. 
Neugut, M.D., Ph.D., M.P.H. (Ex. 1003) and Paul E. Oberstein, M.D. (Ex. 
1150). Patent Owner relies on the testimony of Nils Lonberg, Ph.D. (Ex. 
2072) and Richard Goldberg, M.D. (Ex. 2090). 
Petitioner and Patent Owner characterize one of ordinary skill in the 
art differently. To Petitioner, the ordinarily skilled artisan would be a 
medical doctor, or a professional in a related field, with experience treating 
cancer or access to those with experience in clinical studies of therapeutics 
and to a pathologist with this experience. (See Pet. 11 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 19).) To Patent Owner, the ordinarily skilled artisan would have had a 
medical or graduate-level degree, or equivalent work experience, in the 
fields of immunology, genetics, or a related field and would have experience 
(i) conducting immunology research relating to oncology, (ii) conducting 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
9 
genetics research relating to oncology, or (iii) developing and conducting 
clinical trials on novel cancer therapies in those fields. (See PO Resp. 5–6 
(citing Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 31–32, 91–99).) Petitioner emphasizes medical and 
treatment aspects in its characterization of an ordinarily skilled artisan, 
whereas Patent Owner emphasizes research aspects. 
The ’491 patent claims a method of treating a human patient with 
cancer having certain characteristics using pembrolizumab and the main 
prior art reference cited by Petitioner discloses testing pembrolizumab to 
treat human patients. (See Ex. 1001, 25:36–52, 26:24–41, Ex. 1005; see 
Decision 8–9.) Accordingly, the relevant field of Patent Owner’s claims is 
treating human patients, as well as testing existing compounds. 
In light of the extent of the relevant field, we determine that the level 
of skill in the art relevant to the claims of the ’491 patent is not limited to 
knowledge of and experience with conducting research relating to oncology 
or developing and conducting clinical trials, but includes knowledge of and 
experience with treating cancer patients with immunotherapy compounds, 
identifying the conditions these patients may have, and understanding the 
literature regarding clinical trials for such colorectal cancers and the 
associated conditions and immunotherapy. 
C. Claim Construction 
We construe claims “in accordance with the ordinary and customary 
meaning of such claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and 
the prosecution history pertaining to the patent.” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) 
(2020). 
Claims 1 and 16 require treating the patient with a therapeutically 
effective amount of pembrolizumab “in response to determining that the 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
10 
colorectal cancer is microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair 
deficient . . . .” (Ex. 1001, 25:47–49, 26:36–38.) Petitioner argues that the 
discussion in the MSR of treating patients having MSI-H non-colorectal 
cancer with 10 mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days reads on this 
limitation of claim 1. (See Pet. 21–22 (citing Ex. 1005, 2–6.)) For the 
purposes of our decision whether to institute review, we agreed and stated 
that Petitioner had shown 
a reasonable likelihood of a causal relationship in the MSI-H 
Study Record between treatment of non-colorectal cancer 
patients and the determination of their MSI status, wherein non-
colorectal cancer patients determined to be microsatellite 
instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient were placed 
into a study arm and then treated with pembrolizumab. (See 
Ex. 1005, Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 60–73.) Because treatment of the 
patients was performed only after MSI-H status was 
determined, the MSI-H Study Record teaches treating the 
patients “in response to” determining their MSI-H status. 
The MSI-H Study Record describes other patients being 
enrolled and treated with pembrolizumab, including colorectal 
cancer patients determined to be MSI-H and colorectal cancer 
patients determined not to be MSI-H. At this point in the 
proceeding, we interpret the “in response to” limitation of 
claim 1 to mean that pembrolizumab is administered to a 
patient after the patient has been determined to be microsatellite 
instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient, regardless of 
whether pembrolizumab is also administered to other patients. 
Patent Owner has not directed us to evidence that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood treating a 
patient “in response to” the determination that the patient has a 
condition to exclude the same treatment of other patients, such 
as the treatment of control patients not having the condition. 
 
(Decision 14–15.) 
Patent Owner argues, in regard to the Final Decision in IPR2024-
00240, that the Board’s construction “disregards the critical causal 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
11 
relationship between the ‘determining’ and ‘treating’ steps in the claims. The 
express causal relationship between these steps establishes that only patients 
determined to be MSI-H are treated.” (PO Resp. 6.) According to Patent 
Owner, the claim term “in response to” is properly construed as “in reaction 
to” because “[t]he claimed ‘treating’ step is performed (and only performed) 
in response to (as a reaction to) determining the cancer is MSI-H.” (Id. at 6–
7.) Patent Owner disagrees that the claim term “in response to” means only 
“after.” (See id.) 
Patent Owner argues further that the Specification of the ’491 patent 
is consistent with the asserted “plain meaning” of the claim term “in 
response to” as meaning a causal relationship, wherein the “treating” step is 
only performed as a reaction to determining the patient’s cancer is MSI-H. 
(See id. at 7–8.) Specifically, Patent Owner cites the disclosure in the ’491 
patent for the determination that MSI-H indicates a tumor is a “good 
candidate” for treatment with an immune checkpoint inhibitory antibody and 
that MSI-stable indicates the tumor is a “bad candidate” for treatment with 
an immune checkpoint inhibitory antibody. (Ex. 1001, 3:57–67.) According 
to Patent Owner, one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from 
the characterization of good/bad candidates in the ’491 patent that 
administering the claimed treatment would be only as a reaction to the 
determination of MSI-H. (See PO Resp. 8.) According to Patent Owner, a 
“purely sequential construction” would render meaningless the “in response 
to” step of the claim because if “in response to” meant merely “after,” the 
claims would cover treatment “for any reason or no reason at all—even 
accidental treatment would be covered.” (Id.) 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
12 
We agree with Patent Owner that the phrase “in response to” in claims 
1 and 16 requires a causal relationship, wherein the patient must be tested 
for MSI-H and, if he or she is determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, then the 
patient is treated with 10 mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days. In claims 
1 and 16, a biological sample from the patient must be tested to determine if 
the cancer is MSI-H and, if so, the patient is treated with a therapeutically 
effective amount of pembrolizumab. For this reason, if the prior art teaches 
the limitations of 1) testing a biological sample obtained from a patient 
having non-colorectal cancer to determine that the patient’s cancer is MSI-H 
or dMMR, and 2) treating the patient with a therapeutically effective amount 
of pembrolizumab if the patient’s cancer is determined to be MSI-H or 
dMMR, the art anticipates claims 1 and 16. We are not persuaded that claim 
1 or 16 requires or excludes anything else because nothing else is recited in 
the claim. 
Patent Owner argues that the inventors used the term “after” in several 
dependent claims of the related U.S. patent 11,591,393. (See PO Resp. 7 
(citing Ex. 2301, claims 7, 20, 27).) For example, claim 7 of U.S. patent 
11,591,393 (“the ’393 patent”), which depends on an independent claim 
reciting the “in response to” limitation, requires that the cancer “had 
progressed after” the patient received a different cancer therapy. (Ex. 2301, 
25:64–67, 26:41–46; see also id. at 26:62–64.) Patent Owner argues that 
“within the ’491 Patent’s family,” the word “after” appears in some of the 
same claims as “in response to,” indicating that terms have different 
meanings. (PO Resp. 7.) 
Patent Owner does not explain why the meaning of terms not found in 
claims of the ’491 patent is relevant to the claims of the ’491 patent, but to 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
13 
the extent those claims are relevant, they do not persuade us that the ’491 
patent claims require anything other than 1) testing a biological sample and 
2) treating the patient with a therapeutically effective amount of 
pembrolizumab if the patient’s cancer is determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, 
as discussed above. The relationship between testing and treating in claims 
1 and 16 of the ’491 patent is different from than the relationship of the term 
“after” in claims 7, 20, and 27 of the ’393 patent, wherein patients must have 
been first treated with a different cancer therapy and the cancer had later 
progressed. (Ex. 2301, 25:66–67, 26:44–46, 26:63–64.) As discussed 
above, we do not disagree that the phrase “in response to” in claims 1 and 16 
requires a causal relationship, but we are not persuaded that the prior art 
must teach anything other than testing a biological sample to determine that 
the patient’s cancer is MSI-H or dMMR, and, if so, treating the patient with 
a therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab. We are not persuaded 
that anything else is required in claim 1 or 16 of the ’491 patent. 
Patent Owner argues that the “in response to” limitation of claim 1 
describes administering the claimed treatment only to patients determined to 
have an MSI-H tumor. (See PO Resp. 6.) But neither claim 1 nor claim 16 
includes a limitation excluding the treatment of any patient, such as 
specifically excluding treatment of any patient who has a tumor that is not 
MSI-H or dMMR. Neither claim 1 nor claim 16 recites any language 
differentiating between patients or identifying a patient population to be 
excluded from treatment. Instead, claims 1 and 16 provide that if the 
colorectal cancer patient is tested and the cancer is determined to be MSI-H 
or dMMR, the patient is treated with a therapeutically effective amount of 
pembrolizumab. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
14 
We note that the methods of claims 1 and 16 use the open-ended 
transitional phrase “comprising” that is generally interpreted to not exclude 
additional, unrecited elements. See Invitrogen Corp. v. Biocrest Mfg., L.P., 
327 F.3d 1364, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (“The transition ‘comprising’ in a 
method claim indicates that the claim is open-ended and allows for 
additional steps.”); Genentech, Inc. v. Chiron Corp., 112 F.3d 495, 501 (Fed. 
Cir. 1997) (“‘Comprising’ is a term of art used in claim language that means 
that the named elements are essential, but that other elements may be added 
and still form a construct within the scope of the claim.”). The use of the 
open-ended transitional phrase “comprising” in claims 1 and 16 further 
suggests to us that any additional steps taken in conjunction with expressly 
recited method steps, such as the treatment of patients who are not MSI-H or 
dMMR, are not excluded from the scope of the claim. 
Patent Owner argues that the Examiner used a construction of the 
term “in response to” that is consistent with Patent Owner’s position during 
prosecution. (See PO Resp. 8.) Patent Owner asserts that the Examiner 
“used the shorthand ‘based on’ to express the plain meaning of ‘in response 
to,’” and that “based on” requires a causal relationship. (Id. (citing Ex. 
2302, 8 (“Lipson does not treat the patient based on a determination of 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient as 
claimed.”).) According to Patent Owner, the term “based on” does not mean 
“after,” but requires a causal relationship. (See id.) Again, we do not 
disagree with Patent Owner that claim 1 recites a causal relationship. But 
we are not persuaded that either claim 1 or claim 16 requires anything other 
than testing a cancer patient and, if determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, 
treating that patient with a therapeutically effective amount of 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
15 
pembrolizumab. The Examiner’s reasoning does not indicate that the claims 
of the ’491 patent exclude treating any patient other than the one tested. 
Similarly, we are not persuaded that Petitioner argued for a claim 
construction in District Court that would exclude treatment of any patient 
other than the one determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, as Patent Owner 
implies. (See PO Resp. 9–10.) Patent Owner argues that “Merck’s only 
dispute [in District Court] was over the breadth of that causal relationship, 
with Merck proposing that the term be construed even more narrowly to 
mean “as the reaction specifically to.” (Id. at 9 (citing Ex. 2160, 243).) But 
Patent Owner does not point to a specific argument in which Petitioner 
argued that claim 1 or 16 requires anything other than 1) testing a biological 
sample and 2) treating the patient with a therapeutically effective amount of 
pembrolizumab if the patient’s cancer is determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, 
as discussed above. Before the District Court, Petitioner argued the claim 
language “requires that ‘treating’ occur ‘in response to’ some form of 
‘determining’” and that a “response” is “a reaction, as that of an organism to 
any of its parts, to a specific stimulus.” (Ex. 2160, 24–25.) This 
construction does not limit the scope of claim 1 or 16 to contemplating the 
treatment of any patients other than the one tested and determined to be 
MSI-H or dMMR. Although Petitioner argued for a claim construction 
before the District Court, it did not argue for the construction Patent Owner 
asserts now. (Id. at 25 (“[Patent Owner]’s proposal, that the disputed claim 
term needs no construction because the Court and the POSA knows what it 
 
3 Patent Owner cites to page 30 of Exhibit 2160, which is page 24 of the 
underlying document. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
16 
means, invites legal error and jury confusion about what behavior the claims 
cover.”).) 
Patent Owner argues further that Petitioner’s witness, Dr. Neugut, 
agrees that “in response to” should be given its plain meaning and that 
Patent Owner’s witness, Dr. Lonberg, testifies that “in response to” means 
“in reaction to” a determination that the patient’s tumor is MSI-H. (See PO 
Resp. 9–10 (citing Ex. 2163, 70:25–71:2; Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 84–85).) Neither of 
these statements persuades us that claim 1 or 16 requires anything other than 
testing a colorectal cancer patient and, if determined to be MSI-H or dMMR, 
treating that patient with a therapeutically effective amount of 
pembrolizumab. Neither Dr. Neugut’s nor Dr. Lonberg’s testimony 
persuades us that the scope of claim 1 or 16 excludes treating any patient 
other than the one tested and confirmed to be MSI-H. 
Patent Owner cites Am. Calcar, Inc. v. American Honda Motor Co., 
651 F.3d 1318, 1340 (Fed. Cir. 2011), in support of the claim construction 
that the “treating” step is only performed as a reaction to determining the 
patient’s cancer is MSI-H, but not when the patient is MSI-stable. (See PO 
Resp. 10.) In that case, the Federal Circuit determined that, in claims 
directed to systems for identifying a service provided when a vehicle needs 
service, the term “the processing element identifying one of the plurality of 
providers in response to the vehicle condition” means “that the second event 
occur in reaction to the first event.” Am. Calcar, 651 F.3d at 1324, 1340. 
The court continued, by explaining that “[t]he language of the claim itself 
suggests that when a vehicle condition is detected, the processing element 
identifies a provider automatically as opposed to requiring further user 
interaction.” Id. at 1340. We note that, as explained above, we agree the 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
17 
claim term “in response to” requires a causal relationship between a first 
action and a second action, but we disagree that the court’s reasoning in Am. 
Calcar is relevant to the claims before us. The issue presented by claims 1 
and 16 is whether treatment of patients not meeting the recited limitation 
(MSI-H) is excluded by the claim language, not whether treating patients “in 
response to” a determination of MSI-H incurs further action by a care 
provider. The reasoning of Am. Calcar does not persuade us that exclusion 
is required because Am. Calcar does not address the phrase “in response to” 
in the context of excluding one condition over another. 
After considering the parties’ arguments and the evidence presented, 
we construe claims 1 and 16 to require testing a biological sample obtained 
from a cancer patient having cancer to determine that the patient’s tumor is 
MSI-H or dMMR and treating the patient with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab if the patient’s tumor is determined to be MSI-H 
or dMMR. We are not persuaded that either claim 1 or 16 requires or 
excludes other patients or steps because neither claim 1 nor claim 16 recites 
any other steps or contain negative limitations. 
D. Ground 1: Anticipation over the MSR 
Petitioner argues that claims 1, 2, 4–7, 11–17, 19–22, and 26–38 are 
anticipated under 35 U.S.C. § 102. (See Pet. 13–36.) 
1. MSI-H Study Record (“MSR”) 
The MSR reports a “Phase 2 Study of MK-3475 in Patients With 
Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors.” (Ex. 1005, 2.) The parties’ 
witnesses agree that MK-3475 is pembrolizumab, the compound recited in 
claim 1. (See Ex. 1003 ¶ 38; see Ex. 2072 ¶ 69.) Patent Owner does not 
dispute Petitioner’s assertion that the MSR was published on a government 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
18 
web site on June 10, 2013, more than two years before the priority date of 
the ’393 patent on July 10, 2015. (See Pet. 6–7 (citing Ex. 1005, 3, Ex. 1003 
¶ 35).) 
The MSR includes a “Brief Summary,” explaining that 
[t]his study will be looking at whether MK-3475 (an antibody 
that blocks negative signals to T cells) is effective (anti-tumor 
activity) and safe in three different patient populations. These 
include: 1. patients with MSI positive colon cancer, 2. patients 
with MSI negative colon cancer, and 3. patients with other MSI 
positive cancers. 
 
(Ex. 1005, 3.) Two of the outcome measures reported in the MSR are 
“[i]mmune-related progression free survival (irPFS) rate in patients with 
MSI positive non-colorectal adenocarcinoma using immune related response 
criteria (irRC) at 20 weeks” and a determination of “[d]oes MSI as a marker 
predict treatment response[?]” (Id. at 4–5.) The MSR provides “Arms and 
Interventions” as follows4: 
 
(Id. at 4.) The chart above identifies three patient populations, including 
“MSI Positive Colorectal Cancer,” “MSI Negative Colorectal Cancer,” and 
 
4 Petitioner relies on the testimony of Dr. Neugut and several prior art 
references to assert that the terms “MSI positive,” “MSI-high,” “MSIH,” and 
“MSI+” were used to mean “MSI-H” by those in the art at the time. (See 
Pet. 6 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1018, 293 (“MSIH (MSI high) was considered MSI 
positive and MSS (MS stable)”)); Ex. 1003 ¶ 26).) Patent Owner does not 
contest the identifications. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
19 
“MSI Positive Non-Colorectal Cancer,” and the same therapeutic 
intervention for each of the populations: “MK-3475 10 mg/kg every 14 
days.” (Id.) 
Petitioner cites the teaching in the Arms and Interventions section as a 
method of treating human MSI positive colorectal cancer patients, as recited 
in the preamble of claim 1. (See Pet. 16 (citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and 
Interventions); see also id. at 2 (Study Identification), 3 (Study Description), 
4–5 (Outcome Measures), 5–6 (Eligibility)).) Petitioner argues that the 
claimed methods are anticipated by the MSR even if the recited steps had 
not been performed yet because any efficacy requirement in the claims 
would be inherent to the steps. (Id. at 21–22.) Petitioner argues that the 
challenged claims are directed to the methods disclosed in the MSR. (See id. 
at 18.) 
2. Claim 1 
a) Preamble “A method of treating cancer in a human patient, the method 
comprising” 
Petitioner argues that the MSR teaches “[a] method of treating 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient colorectal 
cancer in a human patient,” as recited in the preamble of claim 1. (Pet. 16 
(citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions), 2 (Study Identification), 3 
(Study Description), 4–5 (Outcome Measures), 5–6 (Eligibility); Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 60–61).) 
Patent Owner does not raise any arguments regarding this limitation, 
and neither party argues that the preamble is limiting. To the extent that the 
preamble is limiting, we agree with Petitioner that the MSR teaches this 
limitation. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
20 
b) Element 1.1: “testing or having tested a biological sample obtained 
from a patient” 
Petitioner argues that the MSR teaches testing or having tested a 
biological sample from a patient in order to place the patient into the proper 
arm of the study. (See Pet. 18 (citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions); 
see also id. at 2 (Study Identification), 3 (Study Description), 4–5 (Outcome 
Measures), 5–6 (Eligibility); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 64–66).) 
Patent Owner does not argue to the contrary. 
In light of the evidence of record, we are persuaded that the MSR 
teaches this limitation. 
c) Element 1.2: “having endometrial cancer, small bowel cancer, gastric 
cancer, ampullary cancer, choloangiocarcinoma, pancreatic cancer, 
prostate cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, liver cancer, ovarian 
cancer, uterine cancer, cervical cancer, bladder cancer, testicular 
cancer or oral cancer,” 
Petitioner argues that the Arms and Interventions section of the MSR 
teaches treating patients having non-colorectal MSI-H cancer. (See Pet. 19 
(citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions); see also id. at 2 (Study 
Identification), 3 (Study Description), 4 (Primary Outcome Measures), 5 
(Inclusion Criteria).) Petitioner argues that MSI-H was known to occur in 
several different types of cancers, including endometrial, small bowel, and 
gastric cancer, along with colorectal cancer, and that these types of cancers 
were known to occur in Lynch syndrome, which was known to be closely 
associated with MSI-H tumors. (See id. (citing Ex. 1085,5 673–75; Ex. 
 
5 Imai et al., Carcinogenesis and Microsatellite Instability: The 
Interrelationship Between Genetics and Epigenetics, 29(4) CARCINOGENESIS 
673 (2008). 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
21 
1086,6 14; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 25, 67).) Petitioner relies on Dr. Neugut’s testimony 
that endometrial, small bowel cancer, and gastric cancer are “common in 
Lynch syndrome, which was known at the time to be closely related to MSI-
H.” (Ex. 1003 ¶ 67 (citing Ex. 1085, 673 (“DNA mismatch repair (MMR) 
deficiency results in a strong mutator phenotype and high-frequency 
microsatellite instability (MSI-H), which are the hallmarks of tumors arising 
within Lynch syndrome.”)); see also Ex. 1085, 673 (“Tumors of the Lynch 
syndrome . . . and some sporadic gastrointestinal and endometrial cancers 
belong to the MSI pathway.”).) Thus, “the person of ordinary skill would 
have immediately pictured treating [patients with endometrial, small bowel, 
and gastric cancer] with the MSI-H Study Record’s methods” and that “the 
person of ordinary skill would have concluded that the limitation [listing 
recited types of cancer] was found in the MSI-H Study Record.” (Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 67–68.) 
Patent Owner argues the MSR does not expressly or inherently 
disclose the claimed MSI-H cancers. (See PO Resp. 10–14.) As Patent 
Owner argues, “[o]ther than specifying the participant’s cancer must be non-
colorectal, the MSR provides no details or guidance about cancer types to be 
included in that third arm” and does not list any of the claimed MSI-H 
cancers. (Id. at 10.) Patent Owner acknowledges that the MSR discloses the 
“third arm” disclosed in the MSR “was open to all-comers with any MSI-H 
cancer other than CRC,” but argues that the disclosure of a genus in the prior 
art is not necessarily a disclosure of every species that is a member of the 
genus. (See id. at 11 (citing Atofina v. Great Lakes Chem. Corp., 441 F.3d 
 
6 Cheung et al., Current Advance in Small Bowel Tumors, 44(1) CLINICAL 
ENDOSCOPY 13 (2011). 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
22 
991, 999 (Fed. Cir. 2006) and Metabolite Lab’ys, Inc. v. Lab. Corp. of Am. 
Holdings, 370 F.3d 1354, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2004).) 
Next, Patent Owner argues that the Petition did not provide evidence 
of the number of species in the genus described in the MSR and does not 
contend that one of ordinary skill would have immediately appreciated the 
full scope of the genus, which includes at least twenty-nine species. (See id. 
at 12–13 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 53).) According to Patent Owner, the issue of 
whether MSI-H was known to occur in Petitioner’s “hand-picked set of 
cancers” (endometrial, gastric, and small bowel cancer) is irrelevant because 
it overlooks the other MSI-H cancers recited in claim 1 and ignores the 
“unclaimed non-[colorectal] MSI-H cancers.” (See id. at 12.) According to 
Patent Owner, the size of the non-colorectal cancers included in the MSR is 
large and there is no support for a conclusion that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art could have at once envisaged each member. (See id. at 13.) 
Patent Owner argues that the Petition overstates the understanding one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have of MSI-H cancers. (See id. at 12 
(citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 103).) According to Patent Owner, only endometrial 
cancer “was tested for MSI-H as a part of standard care at the time of the 
invention—and it was only tested to identify familial susceptibility (not in 
relationship to treatment).” (Id. (citing Ex. 2090 ¶ 79).) Patent Owner 
further cites inventor Le’s testimony that the MSR investigators had 
difficulty recruiting MSI-H patients for the non-colorectal cancer arm of the 
study because such testing was not routinely done in non-colorectal cancers. 
(See id. (citing Ex. 2130 ¶ 12).) This evidence, though, does not persuade us 
of what one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from the 
disclosure of the MSR. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
23 
In contrast, the testimony of Patent Owner’s witness, Dr. Goldberg, 
supports Petitioner’s argument of the knowledge in the art at the time, 
wherein Dr. Goldberg testifies that “[w]hile many clinical oncologists were 
aware that patients with Lynch Syndrome had a defect in DNA mismatch 
repair, they associated MSI testing with young onset colorectal and 
endometrial cancer and patients with a family history of colorectal and/or 
endometrial cancer.” (Ex. 2090 ¶ 79.) Similarly, during his deposition Dr. 
Goldberg also agreed that endometrial, gastric, and small-bowel cancers 
would come to mind when he saw a reference to MSI-high non-colorectal 
cancer. (See Ex. 1243, 115:5–116:22 (Q. And so does endometrial cancer 
come to mind when you see reference to MSI-high non-colorectal cancers? 
. . . A. Yes. Q. As a person -- a person of skill in the field, when you see 
reference to MSI-high non-colorectal cancers, does gastric cancer come to 
mind?. . . A. I believe it was listed among the items that I stated when you 
asked me what comes to mind. So the answer is yes. Q. As a person of skill 
in the field, when you see reference to MSI-high non-colorectal cancers, 
does small bowel cancer come to mind? . . . A. Yes.”).) Patent Owner does 
not direct us to other evidence contradicting Petitioner’s argument that MSI-
H was known to occur in endometrial, small bowel, and gastric cancer. (See 
Pet. 19.) 
Patent Owner argues that the Petition does not consider the breadth of 
the genus disclosed in the MSR and does not argue or provide evidence to 
show that one of ordinary skill in the art could have envisaged each species 
within that genus. (See PO Resp. 11–14.) We are not persuaded that either 
the size of the genus in the MSR or whether one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have been able to envisage every species within it is dispositive of 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
24 
whether the MSR anticipates claim 1, where one or ordinary skill in the art 
would have known that specific cancers recited in claim 1 would be included 
in the MSR. As Petitioner argues, claim 1 requires that “a patient having” 
one of the listed cancers is tested and treated. (See Ex. 1001, 25:38–39; see 
Pet. Reply 10.) Claim 1 does not require that the patient have each and 
every one of the sixteen listed cancers. (See id.) Rather, claim 1 requires 
testing a sample from “a patient” with one of the recited types of cancer and 
treating the patient. See Brown v. 3M, 265 F.3d 1349, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2001) 
(“When a claim covers several structures or compositions, either generically 
or as alternatives, the claim is deemed anticipated if any of the structures or 
compositions within the scope of the claim is known in the prior art.”). 
Patent Owner argues further that In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 1338 
(Fed. Cir. 2009), supports its position, requiring that one of ordinary skill in 
the art must at once envisage all MSI-H non-colorectal cancer types included 
in the MSR, not just one or even a subset of the claimed cancer types, in 
order for the MSR to anticipate claim 1. (See PO Sur-Reply 2.) Gleave 
states: 
For the purposes of whether they are anticipatory, lists and 
genera are often treated differently under our case 
law. Compare Perricone v. Medicis Pharm. Corp., 432 F.3d 
1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (rejecting “the notion that [a 
compound] cannot anticipate because it appears without 
special emphasis in a longer list”) with Atofina v. Great Lakes 
Chem. Corp., 441 F.3d 991, 999 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (“It is well 
established that the disclosure of a genus in the prior art is not 
necessarily a disclosure of every species that is a member of 
that genus.”). This distinction collapses when the class of 
compounds that falls within the genus is so limited that a person 
of ordinary skill in the art can “at once envisage each member 
of this limited class.” Eli Lilly, 471 F.3d at 1376. In that limited 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
25 
circumstance, a reference describing the genus anticipates every 
species within the genus. See Perricone, 432 F.3d at 1377. 
 
In re Gleave, 560 F.3d at 1337–38. This portion of Gleave, cited by Patent 
Owner, does not hold that a reference anticipates only when all species either 
disclosed in the reference or recited in the challenged claim can be 
envisioned, but rather that when each species of the prior art genus could be 
envisaged, the genus is anticipatory. 
Nothing in Gleave or any other reference cited by Patent Owner 
refutes the patent law concept that a claim encompassing a species is 
anticipated if a prior art disclosure leads to a genus small enough that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would at once envisage the claimed 
species. See Brown, 265 F.3d at 1351; In re Slayter, 276 F.2d 408, 411 
(CCPA 1960) (“[A] generic claim cannot be allowed to an applicant if the 
prior art discloses a species falling within the claimed genus.”); In re 
Gosteli, 872 F.2d 1008 (Fed. Cir. 1989) (holding that a claim reciting a 
genus of twenty-one specific chemical species in a Markush group is 
anticipated by prior art that discloses two of the chemical species). 
Patent Owner attempts to distinguish Brown by arguing that its 
holding is limited to anticipation of a claimed genus through disclosure of 
individual species, whereas the facts of this case involve the disclosure of a 
genus. (See PO Resp. 14.) Because the facts before us, including the 
testimony of Patent Owner’s witness, indicate that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have immediately understood that the third arm of the study 
described in the MSR includes patients with cancers recited in claim 1, 
including endometrial, gastric, and small-bowel cancers, we are persuaded 
that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that the MSR 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
26 
discloses species that fall within the scope of claim 1. (See Ex. 2090 ¶ 79; 
Ex. 1243, 115:5–116:22; Ex. 1085, 673–75; Ex. 1086, 14; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 25, 
67; Ex. 1005, 4.) We are not persuaded that where species falling within the 
scope of claim 1 were previously known and disclosed in MSR, that claim 1 
is patentable over the MSR. See Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool 
Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (“a reference can anticipate a 
claim even if it ‘d[oes] not expressly spell out’ all the limitations arranged or 
combined as in the claim, if a person of skill in the art, reading the reference, 
would ‘at once envisage’” the claimed arrangement or combination.” 
(quoting In re Petering, 301 F.2d 676, 681 (CCPA 1962)). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and the evidence presented, 
we are persuaded that the MSR teaches “testing or having tested a biological 
sample obtained from a patient” having endometrial, small bowel, or gastric 
cancer and, thus teaches the corresponding limitation of claim 1. 
d) Element [1.3]: “thereby determining that the patient’s cancer is 
microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient;” 
Petitioner argues that the MSR teaches testing or having tested a 
biological sample from a patient. (See Pet. 20 (citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and 
Interventions); see also id. at 2 (Study Identification), 3 (Study Description), 
4–5 (Outcome Measures), 5–6 (Eligibility); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 62–66, 69, 70).) 
We are persuaded that this testing would result in determining that a 
patient’s cancer is MSI-H or dMMR, as recited in claim 1. Patent Owner 
does not argue to the contrary. 
e) Element [1.4]: “and in response to determining that the patient’s cancer 
is microsatellite instability high or DNA mismatch repair deficient, 
treating the patient determined to have microsatellite instability high or 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
27 
DNA mismatch repair deficient cancer with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab.” 
Petitioner argues that the disclosure in the MSR of treating MSI-H 
non-colorectal patients with 10 mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days 
teaches the limitation of treating a patient with a therapeutically effective 
amount of pembrolizumab in response to determining that the patient’s 
cancer is MSI-H or dMMR. (See Pet. 21 (citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and 
Interventions); 2 (Study Identification), 3 (Study Description), 4–5 
(Outcome Measures), 5–6 (Eligibility); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 35, 50, 71–74.) 
Petitioner argues that although the MSR does not use the phrase 
“therapeutically effective amount,” it teaches administering 10 mg/kg of 
MK-3457 (pembrolizumab), which is the same dosage of pembrolizumab 
the ’491 patent describes as being therapeutically effective. (See id. (citing 
Ex. 1001, 8:50–56, 13:24–30, 16:4–8, 16:29–32, 19:40–21:15, Figs. 2, 11; 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 72–73).) 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not disclose treating any of 
the 16 cancers recited in claim 1 “in response to determining that the 
patient’s cancer is [MSI-H]” because nothing in the MSR teaches identifying 
any of the claimed cancer types as having the MSI-H biomarker and, in 
response to that determination, treating with pembrolizumab. (See PO Resp. 
15 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 104).) 
As explained above, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments and 
the cited evidence that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
and envisaged the MSR to include patients with at least endometrial, small 
bowel, or gastric cancers. We are further persuaded that the MSR teaches 
treating these patients in response to the determination that these patient’s 
tumors were MSI-H in the third arm of the study described. Patent Owner’s 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
28 
arguments about the failure of the MSR to expressly identify any of the 
cancers recited in claim 1 do not persuade us otherwise. Instead, we are 
persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that the 
MSR teaches testing a patient with a non-colorectal cancer, such as 
endometrial, small bowel, or gastric cancers, to determine if the patient has 
an MSI-H tumor and, if the tumor is determined to be MSI-H, treating the 
patient with amount of pembrolizumab described as being therapeutically 
effective in the ’491 patent. 
Accordingly, we are persuaded that the MSR teaches this limitation of 
claim 1. 
f) Patent Owner’s Other Arguments 
In addition to arguing that the MSR does not teach specific elements 
recited in claim 1, Patent Owner argues that the MSR cannot anticipate 
claim 1 because it does not inherently disclose the clinical results of the 
study described in the MSR and because the MSR proposed an experimental 
use disqualifying it as prior art. (See PO Resp. 20–32.) 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner inappropriately relies on In re 
Montgomery, 677 F.3d 1375, 1381, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2012), to support the 
assertion of inherent anticipation of the claimed method. (See id. at 20–24; 
Pet. 15 (“In In re Montgomery, the Federal Circuit held that a document 
disclosing a planned clinical study inherently anticipated method of 
treatment claims even where the method of treatment had not yet been 
practiced.”).) Patent Owner argues that because the MSR is only an initial 
submission for an experimental trial that had not yet begun recruiting 
patients or obtaining experimental data, it was merely an “invitation to 
investigate” from which the results claimed by the ’393 Patent did not 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
29 
“inevitably flow.” (PO Resp. 20–21.) Patent Owner cites the testimony of 
inventor Le to argue that at the time the MSR was posted, the inventors had 
only a hypothesis based on a single patient’s response to a different drug, 
lacking even preliminary animal data. (See id. at 21 (citing Ex. 2130 ¶¶ 10, 
22).) Patent Owner argues further that the inventors only knew the drug had 
been unsuccessful in other studies and that the outcome of the MSR was not 
assured. (See id. at 21–22 (citing Ex. 2090 ¶ 57; Ex. 2024;7 Ex. 10138).) 
According to Patent Owner, “the MSR was a far cry from meeting 
Montgomery’s inevitability requirement for inherent anticipation,” being 
design only to test the hypothesis that MSI-H might correlate with a 
response to treatment with pembrolizumab, rather than to secure regulatory 
approval. (Id. at 22–24; see Ex. 2072 ¶ 118.) 
We do not doubt that the inventors were unaware of the results of the 
study described in the MSR before it was concluded, but we are not 
persuaded the MSR is so vague that it does not teach the steps expressly 
recited in claim 1. Regardless of the inventors’ intent in publishing the MSR 
as a Stage II clinical trial on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website, as discussed 
above, we determine that one of ordinary skill in the art would have known 
that the MSR teaches testing a biological sample from a patient having either 
endometrial, small bowel, or gastric cancer to determine if the patient’s 
cancer is MSI-H or dMMR and, if so, treating the patient with a 
 
7 Brahmer et al., Phase I Study of Single-Agent Anti–Programmed 
Death-1 (MDX-1106) in Refractory Solid Tumors: Safety, Clinical 
Activity, Pharmacodynamics, and Immunologic Correlates, 28(19) 
J. CLINICAL ONCOLOGY 3167 (July 1, 2010). 
8 Topalian et al., Safety, Activity, and Immune Correlates of Anti–PD- 
1 Antibody in Cancer, 366(26) NEW ENG. J. MED. 2443 (June 28, 
2012). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
30 
therapeutically effective amount of pembrolizumab. (See, e.g., Ex. 1005, 4 
(Arms and Interventions).) The result of drug treatment inherently follows 
its administration. The MSR does not merely suggest that pembrolizumab 
may be useful in some unidentified subset of cancer patients or suggest that 
some unidentified drug may be useful for MSI-H cancer patients. Instead, 
the MSR discloses testing patients with cancers known to be associated with 
MSI-H, as recited in claim 1, and treating with the drug recited in claim 1 if 
the cancer was determined to be MSI-H. See Metabolite Labs., 370 F.3d at 
1367 (holding that the prior art did not inherently anticipate where it failed 
to mention specific vitamin deficiencies, instead merely inviting further 
experimentation to find associations with metabolic perturbations).) 
Montgomery states that “even if the claim includes an efficacy 
requirement, efficacy is inherent in carrying out the claim steps,” referring to 
a claimed method of treating or preventing stroke, which was held to be 
anticipated by the publication of a proposed study. 677 F.3d at 1381. Patent 
Owner attempts to distinguish the size and apparent surety of the study in 
Montgomery from the MSR. (See PO Resp. 23–24.) But because we find 
that the MSR teaches performing the steps recited in claim 1 for the purpose 
of determining and treating MSI-H colorectal cancer, we are persuaded that 
the MSR anticipates the results of administration of the drug treatment 
recited in those steps. See Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs., 
Inc., 246 F.3d 1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (“the claimed process here is not 
directed to a new use; it is the same use, and it consists of the same steps as 
described by Kris. Newly discovered results of known processes directed to 
the same purpose are not patentable because such results are inherent.”). 
Whether or not the MSR could have provided results or was sufficient for 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
31 
full regulatory approval does not change that the MSR teaches Patent 
Owner’s claimed steps. 
Patent Owner argues further that the MSR discloses an experimental 
use that does not qualify as prior art. (See PO Resp. 26–32.) Patent Owner 
argues that an inventor can be granted latitude to experiment in the public 
eye until her invention is ready for patenting. (See id. at 26 (citing Pfaff v. 
Wells Elecs., Inc., 525 U.S. 55, 64 (1998).) According to Patent Owner, the 
experimental use negation applies to the MSR under a 13-factor analysis 
provided in Allen Eng'g Corp. v. Bartell Indus., Inc., 299 F.3d 1336, 1353 
(Fed. Cir. 2002). (See id. at 27–31.) For example, Patent Owner argues that 
to establish that treatment of MSI-H cancers was effective, the inventors had 
to test the treatment in humans, there being no animal models, and had to 
publish the MSR on the government website under federal law. (See id. at 
27–28.) Patent Owner argues further that the inventors had control over the 
MSI-H clinical study and that the field of cancer treatment was highly 
unpredictable, among other facts. (See id. at 28–31.) Patent Owner argues 
that “[a]t that time, there can be no question that the claimed invention was 
not ready for patenting. The clinical study supporting the data in the patent 
had not yet begun.” (Id. at 34.) 
Petitioner disagrees, arguing that “[i]t is well established . . . that there 
is no requirement to provide evidence from human clinical trials for claims 
to be patentable under §101 or §112.” (Pet. Reply 9 (citing In re ’318 Patent 
Infringement Litig., 583 F.3d 1317, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (“human trials are 
not required for a therapeutic invention to be patentable”); Ex parte 
Balzarini, 21 U.S.P.Q.2d 1892 (BPAI 1991) (holding that even in situations 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
32 
where no art-recognized animal models exist, there is no decisional law that 
requires an applicant to provide data from human clinical trials.)).) 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s assertions about the requirements 
for patentability, arguing that “[t]he uncertainty surrounding the amount of 
disclosure required to support patenting a method of treating human patients 
reinforces the importance of applying experimental-use negation where 
supported by the record, especially in highly unpredictable fields such as 
cancer treatment.” (PO Sur-Reply 13.) But Patent Owner does not direct us 
to evidence that it attempted to file any patent application before the 
publication date of the MSR and was denied an earlier filing date. We note 
that Patent Owner filed a provisional patent application on November 13, 
2014, which, although also filed more than a year after the publication of the 
MSR, disclosed no clinical results or data. (See Ex. 1001, cover; Ex. 1030, 
1).) Patent Owner does not attempt to rely on this provisional application 
for a prior filing date in the current proceeding, but does not direct us to 
evidence that the earlier date would have been denied. (See PO Resp. 5 n.4.) 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s assertion that “there can be no 
question” that Patent Owner could not have filed an earlier application to 
secure a priority date before the MSR was publicly available. 
The Supreme Court was concerned that “[i]t is sometimes said that an 
inventor acquires an undue advantage over the public by delaying to take out 
a patent, inasmuch as he thereby preserves the monopoly to himself for a 
longer period than is allowed by the policy of the law,” but held that “when 
the delay is occasioned by a bona fide effort to bring his invention to 
perfection, or to ascertain whether it will answer the purpose intended,” the 
experiment use exception can preserve the inventor’s rights. City of 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
33 
Elizabeth v. Am. Nicholson Pavement Co., 97 U.S. 126, 137 (1877). 
Because we are not persuaded that Patent Owner could not have filed an 
earlier application, we are not persuaded that the experimental use doctrine 
is properly applied in this case, particularly given that clinical trial protocols 
published on the ClinicalTrials.gov website have been successfully asserted 
as prior art in other cases. See Salix Pharms., Ltd. v. Norwich Pharms. Inc., 
98 F.4th 1056, 1061 (Fed. Cir.), cert. denied, 145 S. Ct. 567 (2024), and 
cert. denied, 145 S. Ct. 983 (2024). 
g) Summary for claim 1 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the MSR teaches each and every element of claim 1. We are not 
persuaded otherwise by Patent Owner’s arguments. Accordingly, we 
determine that claim 1 is anticipated by the MSR. 
3. Independent Claim 16 
Patent Owner does not present separate arguments against Petitioner’s 
challenge to claim 16 as being anticipated by the MSR. (See, e.g. PO Resp. 
15 (referring to claims 1 and 16 together).) For the reasons discussed above 
regarding claim 1, we are persuaded that claim 16 is anticipated by the MSR. 
4. Dependent claims 
a) Claims 13, 28, 32, and 36 
Petitioner argues that claims 13, 28, 32, and 36 are anticipated by the 
MSR. (See Pet. 25–29, 33–35.) These claims each require the patient to 
have received a “prior cancer therapy,” and the patient’s cancer to have 
progressed “after the patient was treated with the prior cancer therapy.” (Ex. 
1001, 26:15–18, 27:3–6, 27:14–17, 28:8–11.) Petitioner argues that because 
the MSR discloses that patients eligible for the study must have “tumors” 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
34 
and “measurable disease,” one of ordinary skill in the art would have known 
that the patients would have received prior drug therapies and that their 
cancers would have progressed after these therapies. (See Pet. 25–29 (citing 
Ex. 1005, 2 (Study Identification), 4 (Study Design), 5–6 (Eligibility); Ex. 
1003 ¶¶ 89–93).) 
Petitioner relies on Dr. Neugut’s testimony to argue that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have known the reference to “measurable 
cancer” in the MSR would include patients with metastatic and advanced 
cancer, not resectable cancer, because patients whose tumors are resectable 
can be cured by surgery. (See id. at 26 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 90).) Petitioner 
argues further, relying again on Dr. Neugut’s testimony, that patients with 
metastatic and advanced cancer who would participate in a clinical study 
would generally have received at least one prior drug therapy, such as 
standard care chemotherapy, and would have had their cancer progress after 
these therapies. (See id. at 27 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 91; Ex. 1089, 17; Ex. 1020, 
25; Ex. 1094, 12, 15; Ex. 1009, 1034; Ex. 1047, 4–7).) 
Petitioner argues further that because the eligibility section of the 
MSR excludes patients who have had specific prior treatment, providing a 
list of those specific treatments (anti PD-1, anti PD-L1, anti PD-L2, anti 
CD137, anti OX-40, anti CD40 or anti CTLA-4 antibodies), patients who 
have previously been treated, in general, and had their cancer progress after 
the prior treatment were included in the study. (See id. at 25–26 (citing Ex. 
1003 ¶ 92).) As confirmation of this understanding, Petitioner cites a 2014 
poster presentation discussing the clinical study described in the MSR being 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
35 
for eligible patients with “progressive disease” and non-colorectal cancer 
who had “at least 1 prior therapy.” (Ex. 10809; see Pet. 28.) 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR is silent on whether eligible 
patients must have been previously treated with a prior cancer drug and that 
the cancer had progressed following the prior treatment. (See PO Resp. 16–
18.) According to Patent Owner, “[n]o amount of attorney argument or 
expert testimony can satisfy the requirement to demonstrate express 
anticipation” and the MSR itself must disclose the limitation. (Id. at 16.) 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to meet the burden to show inherent 
anticipation of the limitations of these dependent claims. (See id. at 19–22.) 
Patent Owner argues that the only reference to prior treatment in the 
MSR is the reference to excluded prior treatments, which is the opposite of 
inclusion of patients with prior treatment, as required in the challenged 
claims. (See id. at 18 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶ 105).) Patent Owner argues further 
that three years after the MSR was published, an express requirement for 
prior treatment was added to the ClinicalTrials.gov record, indicating that 
such a requirement was not present in 2013 when the MSR was originally 
available. (See id. (citing Ex. 2165, 8 (“Patients with other [non-colon] 
cancer types must have received at least one prior cancer therapy”); Ex. 
2166, 8 (“Patients with other [non-colon] cancer types must have received at 
least one prior cancer therapy”); Ex. 2072 ¶ 107).) Patent Owner argues that 
Petitioner’s reliance on the poster presentation that included a requirement 
for a prior treatment fails because the poster is separate from the MSR and is 
 
9 Poster presented at ASCO, Le et al., Phase 2 Study of Programmed Death-
1 Antibody (Anti-PD-1, MK-3475) in Patients with Microsatellite Unstable 
(MSI) Tumors (Jun. 1, 2014). 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
36 
not prior art, having been publicly available only later. (See id. at 18–19 
(citing Ex. 1080).) 
In addition, Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s evidence about what 
was generally understood at the time of the MSR, arguing that it was advised 
that some Stage IV gastric cancer patients proceed directly to clinical trials 
without prior treatment. (See id. at 17–18 (citing Ex. 1096, 533; Ex. 2072 
¶ 106).) Patent Owner also cites published guidelines on treating colon 
cancer that state: “Although the guidelines are believed to represent the 
optimal treatment strategy, the panel believes that, when appropriate, 
patients should preferentially be included in a clinical trial over standard or 
accepted therapy.” (Ex. 1009, 1029; PO Resp. 18.) 
Patent Owner cites Dr. Lonberg’s testimony that the MSR “says 
nothing about cancer progression” and that three years later it was updated 
with a statement requiring prior cancer treatment, but he fails to testify that 
one of ordinary skill in the art would not have understood the MSR in 2013 
to teach treating patients who had received a prior cancer therapy drug, 
wherein the patients’ cancer had progressed after receiving the prior drug. 
(See Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 105–107.) Dr. Lonberg disagrees with Dr. Neugut’s 
interpretation of the term “measurable disease” in the MSR. (See Ex. 2072 
¶ 107 (“While measurable cancer refers to a cancer that has a minimum size 
(e.g., as determined by imaging), this has little to do with whether or not a 
patient’s cancer has progressed after the patient received prior therapies.”).) 
But Dr. Lonberg fails to testify that one of ordinary skill in the art would not 
have understood the MSR in 2013 to teach treating patients who had 
received a prior cancer therapy and had a subsequent progression in the 
cancer, contradicting Petitioner’s evidence. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
37 
On the balance, we find Petitioner’s evidence more persuasive of what 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from the MSR. Both 
parties cite generalized guidelines about cancer treatment, which do not shed 
much light on what one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
from the MSR, specifically. The parties disagree about the reason for the 
2016 update of the MSR to include a limitation for only patients with non-
colon cancer who had previously received at least one prior cancer therapy, 
but the reason for the change is still unclear. Does the update indicate a 
change to the study or merely a clarification? We are not persuaded that the 
update by itself is dispositive of whether one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood the 2013 version of the MSR cited by Petitioner to 
teach treating patients who had received a prior cancer therapy and the 
patient’s cancer to have subsequently progressed. 
There is a difference, though, in the testimony of the parties’ 
witnesses. Dr. Neugut, Petitioner’s witness, testifies that “the person of 
ordinary skill would have found it highly unusual for the patient population 
of those who had received prior drug treatments and had their cancer 
progress after those treatments to not be included in the MSI-H Study 
Record, especially without any explicit carve-out.” (See Ex. 1003 ¶ 92.) Dr. 
Oberstein, Petitioner’s other witness concurs, testifying that because the 
MSR describes a study of a new immunotherapy drug, one of ordinary skill 
in the art would have understood that metastatic and advanced cancer 
patients who would participate would have received prior drug therapies, but 
that their cancer would have progressed. (See Ex. 1150 ¶ 69.) Dr. Oberstein 
testifies further that if the study was intended only for patients who had not 
been previously treated, a one of ordinary skill would have expected an 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
38 
explicit carve out excluding all patients who had been previously treated. 
(See id.) As Dr. Oberstein notes, the MSR does not include a blanket 
exclusion for patients who had received any prior treatment – it only 
includes exclusions for some specific prior drug treatments. (See id.; Ex. 
1005, 6.) 
Dr. Lonberg, Patent Owner’s witness, does not dispute any of Dr. 
Neugut’s or Dr. Oberstein’s testimony, but asserts only that Dr. Neugut’s 
testimony relies only on what was generally done, not on what is expressly 
disclosed in the MSR. (See Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 105–107.) On cross-examination, 
Dr. Lonberg agreed with Dr. Oberstein that patients who had received prior 
cancer therapy were not excluded from the study described in the MSR. 
(See Ex. 1245, 57:5–58:2, 40:5–14, 49:2–12.) 
Thus, after considering the evidence cited by each party, we find Dr. 
Neugut’s and Dr. Oberstein’s testimony to be the most directly relevant and 
persuasive about what one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
from the MSR itself. We are also persuaded by the lack of a specific 
contradiction regarding the understanding of one of ordinarily skill in the art 
by Dr. Lonberg. Even if some patients who had been previously treated with 
specific drugs were excluded from the study described in the MSR, we are 
persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood the 
MSR as including other patients who have been treated with a prior cancer 
therapy drug. We are persuaded that Petitioner has met its burden of 
proving whether a skilled artisan would reasonably understand or infer that 
the limitations of claims 13, 28, 32, and 36 were disclosed in the MSR. 
Petitioner demonstrates what one of ordinary skill in the art would have 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
39 
understood from the MSR, not what it inherently discloses. (Contra PO 
Resp. 19–22.) 
Accordingly, we are persuaded that claims 13, 28, 32, and 36 are 
anticipated by the MSR. 
b) Claims 15, 30, 34, and 38 
Petitioner argues that claims 15, 30, 34, and 38 are anticipated by the 
MSR. (See Pet. 30, 34, 35, 36.) Claims 15, 30, 34, and 38 require that the 
colorectal cancer recited in claim 1 or claim 16, respectively, be metastatic 
cancer. (See Ex. 1001, 26:22–23, 27:11–12, 28:4–5, 28:15–16.) Petitioner 
argues that the prior art referencing the MSI-H Study indicates that the 
physicians understood postings on clinicaltrials.gov to mean patients with 
“metastatic tumors.” (See Pet. 30 (citing Ex. 1049,10 444; Ex. 1050,11 S4; 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 97–98, 113, 118, 122).) Specifically, one 2015 publication 
refers to the clinical trial number of the MSR and states: “pembrolizumab is 
being tested in metastatic tumors with microsatellite instability, including 
colorectal cancer (NCT01876511).” (Ex. 1049, 444.) Another 2015 
publication, entitled “Novel Therapies in Development for Metastatic 
Colorectal Cancer,” refers to the MSR (“NCT01876511”) as a “Phase II 
clinical trials in development investigating immunotherapy in MSI-H 
mCRC,” wherein “mCRC” is defined as metastatic colorectal cancer. (Ex. 
1050, S2, S4.) 
 
10 Matikas et al., The Place of Targeted Agents in the Treatment of 
Elderly Patients with Metastatic Colorectal Cancer, 7(1) CANCERS 
439 (March 13, 2015). 
11 Lee et al., Novel Therapies in Development for Metastatic Colorectal 
Cancer, 7(4 Supp. 1) GASTROINTESTINAL CANCER RESEARCH S2 
(September 2015). 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
40 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not disclose treatment of 
metastatic colorectal cancer and that the disclosure of “measurable disease” 
is not a teaching of metastatic colorectal cancer because “measurable 
disease” is not synonymous with metastatic cancer. (See PO Resp. 19–20 
(citing Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 108–112).) In support, Patent Owner cites to Dr. 
Neugut’s testimony that “metastatic” and “measurable” are “totally different 
terms,” wherein metastatic tumors are not necessarily measurable. (See id. 
(citing Ex. 2163, 14:9–15:12).) 
Even if Dr. Neugut’s testimony regarding “measurable” disease is 
flawed, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence of publications referring 
to the MSR as a study of metastatic colorectal cancer that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have understood the MSR to disclose treating patients 
with metastatic colorectal cancer. (See Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050, S4.) Patent 
Owner does not address this evidence. 
We are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence that claims 15, 30, 34, and 
38 are anticipated by the MSR. 
c) Claims 2, 4–7, 11, 12, 14, 17, 19–22, 26, 27, 29, 31, 33, 35, and 37 
Petitioner argues that claims 2, 4–7, 11, 12, 14, 17, 19–22, 26, 27, 29, 
31, 33, 35, and 37 are also anticipated by the MSR. (See Pet. 22–35.) Aside 
from arguments pertaining to independent claims 1 and 16, which we have 
discussed above, Patent Owner does not raise any arguments specific to 
these dependent claims. 
Briefly, Petitioner argues that claims 2 and 17, which require the 
biological sample to be a tumor tissue from the patient, are anticipated by 
the MSR because the Eligibility Criteria section of the MSR requires each 
patient to “[a]gree to have a biopsy of their cancer” and Dr. Neugut testifies 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
41 
that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that a biopsy of a 
patient’s tumor obtains tumor tissue for testing. (See id. at 22, 32 (citing, 
inter alia, Ex. 1005, 5–6; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 75–76).) 
Petitioner argues that claims 6, 7, 21, and 22, which require that the 
colorectal cancer be microsatellite high or DNA mismatch repair deficient is 
anticipated by the MSR because the MSR teaches treating colorectal cancer 
patients whose tumors are determined to be MSI-H. (See id. at 24, 33 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 81–84, 107, 108); Ex. 1001, 25:64–67, 26:53–56.) 
Petitioner argues that claims 11 and 26, which require the 
pembrolizumab to be administered to the patient intravenously is anticipated 
by the MSR because one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
at the time that pembrolizumab for the treatment of cancer was administered 
intravenously. (See id. at 24–25, 33 (citing Ex. 1011, 134 (“We 
administered [pembrolizumab] intravenously.”); Ex. 1054,12 3; Ex. 1055,13 1 
(“Administer 2 mg/kg as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every 3 
weeks.”); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 85–86, 109).) 
Petitioner argues that claims 14, 29, 33, and 37, which recite “further 
comprising testing or having tested the patient for progression of the cancer 
after the treatment” were anticipated by the MSR because one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have understood that an “[i]mmune-related progression 
free survival (irPFS) rate,” as disclosed in the Primary Outcome Measures 
 
12 Ascierto et al., Future Perspectives in Melanoma Research: Meeting 
Report from the “Melanoma Bridge”, Napoli, December 5th-8th 
2013, 12 J. TRANSLATIONAL MEDICINE 277 (October 2024) 
13 September 4, 2014 Keytruda Package Insert, available at 
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2014/125514 
lbl.pdf 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
42 
section of the MSR, is a test for disease progression. (See Pet. 29–30, 34 
(citing Ex. 1005, 4–5, Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 95, 96, 112); Ex. 1001, 26:19–21, 27:7–9, 
28:1–3, 28:12–14.) 
Claims 4, 5, 12, 19, 20, 27, 31, and 35 recite specific cancers from the 
list recited in claims 1 and 16. For example, claims 4 and 19 recite “wherein 
the cancer is endometrial cancer, small bowel cancer, gastric cancer,” as 
well as other cancers. (Ex. 1001, 25:57–59, 26:46–48.) Claims 12 and 27 
recite “wherein the cancer is small bowel cancer.” (Id. at 26:12–13, 27:1–2.) 
And claims 31 and 35 recite “wherein the cancer is endometrial cancer.” 
(Id. at 27:12–13, 28:6–7.) Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have at once envisaged the MSR to include treating patients with 
endometrial, small bowel, and gastric cancers, for the reasons discussed 
above in regard to claim 1. (See Pet. 23, 25, 34–35 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 67–
69, 77–78, 87–88).) As discussed above, after considering the record cited 
by both parties, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments. 
Claims 5 and 20 recite “wherein the cancer is . . . uterine cancer,” as 
well as other cancers. (Ex. 1001, 25:60–63, 26:49–52.) Petitioner argues 
that endometrial cancer is a type of uterine cancer and that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have at once envisaged the MSR to include treating 
patients with uterine cancer as well. (See Pet. 24, 32 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 79–
80).) Patent Owner does not argue to the contrary. 
We are persuaded by Petitioner’s uncontested evidence that each of 
claims 2, 4–7, 11, 12, 14, 17, 19–22, 26, 27, 29, 31, 33, 35, and 37 are 
anticipated by the MSR. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
43 
5. Summary 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the MSR teaches each and every element of the claims challenged in 
Ground 1. We are not persuaded otherwise by Patent Owner’s arguments. 
Accordingly, we determine that claims 1, 2, 4–7, 11–17, 19–22, 26–38 are 
anticipated by the MSR. 
E. Grounds 2–7: Obviousness over the MSR and Other References 
Petitioner asserts six grounds of challenge against each of claims 1–38 
of the ’491 patent based on obviousness over the MSR and other cited 
references. (See Pet. 40–64.) 
1. Claims 1, 2, 4–7, 11–17, 19–22, and 26–38 
In Ground 2, Petitioner argues that the claims 1, 2, 4–7, 11–17, 19–22, 
26–38, the same claims challenged under Ground 1 as being anticipated by 
the MSR, would also have been obvious over the MSR, Brown, Duval, and 
Benson. (See Pet. 40–51.) In Ground 3, Petitioner argues that claims 1–2, 
4–7, 11, 13–17, 19–22, 26, and 28–38, claims which were also challenged 
under Ground 1 as being anticipated by the MSR, would have been obvious 
over the MSR, Brown, Duval, Benson, and Koh. (See id. at 51–52.) 
Petitioner presents Ground 2 as being an alternative to Ground 1 and Ground 
3 as being an alternative to Ground 2. (See id. at 40, 51.) In addition, 
Petitioner asserts Ground 7, challenging claims 11 and 26, which were 
included in Ground 1, as being obvious over MSR, Brown, Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Hamid. (See id. at 59–61.) 
Patent Owner argues that these challenges fail because none of the 
cited references discloses any of the specific MSI-H cancers recited in the 
claims and because none of the cited references disclose treating any patient 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
44 
having the claimed MSI-H cancers “in response to” a determination that they 
are MSI-H. (See PO Resp. 32–34.) Patent Owner also argues that none of 
the cited references disclose previous treatment and progression after 
treatment, as required by dependent claims 13, 28, 32, and 36. (See id. at 
35–36.) 
As discussed above, we are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have understood that the MSR discloses treating patients with at 
least one of the MSI-H cancers recited in the challenged claims, “in response 
to” the determination that the tumor is MSI-H. As also discussed above, we 
are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that 
the MSR discloses treating patients who had been treated with a prior cancer 
therapy drug and whose cancer had progressed after treatment with the prior 
drug. Accordingly, we are not persuaded that challenged claims would not 
have been obvious because one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
considered these elements to not be taught in the MSR. 
Patent Owner argues further that Petitioner fails to show that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation of success 
in achieving the methods recited in the challenged claims because Petitioner 
relies on the wrong standard and because the state of the art did not create a 
reasonable expectation of success. (See PO Resp. 36–52.) Patent Owner 
also argues that the Petition fails to establish a motivation to pursue the 
claimed treatments for the claimed MSI-H cancers, as opposed to other MSI-
H cancers. (See id. at 52–54.) 
As discussed above, we are persuaded the MSR anticipates the 
methods recited in claims 1, 2, 4–7, 11–17, 19–22, and 26–38, teaching each 
and every element of the recited methods. Patent Owner’s arguments fail to 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
45 
persuade us that the methods would not have been obvious, as well. See In 
re McDaniel, 293 F.3d 1379, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2002) (“anticipation is the 
epitome of obviousness”). Accordingly, the preponderance of the evidence 
supports Petitioner’s challenges of claims 1, 2, 4–7, 11, 12, 14, 15, 17–20, 
24, 25, and 27–42 as being obvious over the MSR alone or with other 
references and support Petitioner’s challenges under Grounds 2, 3, and 7. 
2. Claims 8 and 23 
In Ground 4, Petitioner challenges the claims 2, 8, 17, and 23 as being 
obvious over the MSR, Brown, Duval, Benson, Koh, and Chapelle. (See 
Pet. 52–54.) As discussed above, we are persuaded that claims 2 and 17 are 
anticipated by the MSR and, thus, would have been obvious over the MSR 
and other references. Accordingly, we focus on the challenge to claims 8 
and 23, which were not included in Petitioner’s anticipation grounds of 
challenge. 
 Claims 8 and 23 recite the method of claim 1 or 16, respectively, 
“wherein the testing or having tested comprises carrying out or having 
carried out an immunohistochemistry test on the sample.” (Ex. 1001, 26:1–
3, 26:57–59.) 
Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art “would have had 
motivation to combine the [MSR] (whether alone or combined with Brown, 
Duval, and Benson) with Chappelle’s standard methods for testing for MSI-
H and an expectation of success in doing so.” (Pet. 53–54 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 156).) Petitioner cites Chapelle as teaching immunohistochemistry 
techniques to test for microsatellite instability status, as recited in claims 8 
and 23. (See id. at 54 (citing Ex. 1007, 3380, 3384; Ex. 1003 ¶ 156).) 
Petitioner argues further that the ’491 patent does not suggest that the 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
46 
method of testing for MSI-H changes the efficacy of the use of 
pembrolizumab for treating cancer patients having MSI-H tumors. (See id. 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 157); see Ex. 1001, 6:25–26 (“Testing of MSI can be 
accomplished by any means known in the art”).) 
We find that Dr. Neugut’s testimony and the cited references as 
recounted above support Petitioner’s arguments. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 155–157, 
159.) 
Patent Owner does not present specific arguments against Petitioner’s 
challenge to claim 8 or 23 regarding the teachings of the MSR and Chapelle 
or Dr. Neugut’s testimony. 
3. Claims 3 and 18 
In Ground 5, Petitioner challenges claims 3 and 18 as being obvious 
over the MSR, Brown, Duval, Benson, Koh, and Steinert. (See Pet. 54–56.) 
Claims 3 and 18 recite the method of claim 1 or 16, respectively, “wherein 
the biological sample is a body fluid from the patient.” (Ex. 1001, 25:55–56, 
26:44–45.) 
Petitioner argues that the methods of claims 3 and 18 would have been 
obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art in view of the general knowledge 
in the art, such as Steinert, which teaches determining whether a tumor is 
MSI-H to understand how cancer evades the immune system. (See Pet. 54–
55 (citing Ex. 1008, OF1; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 161, 163).) Specifically, Petitioner 
argues that Steinert teaches methods of testing whether a tumor was MSI-H 
using body fluid, specifically blood samples. (See id. at 55 (citing Ex. 1008, 
OF6; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 161, 164).) Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill in 
the art “would have had motivation to combine the MSI-H Study Record 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
47 
(whether alone or combined with Brown, Duval, and Benson) and Steinert.” 
(Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 164).) 
We find that Dr. Neugut’s testimony and the cited references as 
recounted above support Petitioner’s arguments. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 160–
165.) 
Patent Owner does not present specific arguments against Petitioner’s 
challenge to claim 3 or 18 regarding the teachings of the MSR and Steinert 
or Dr. Neugut’s testimony. 
4. Claims 9, 10, 24, and 25 
In Ground 6, Petitioner challenges claims 9, 10, 24, and 25 as being 
obvious over the MSR, Brown, Duval, Benson, Koh, and Salipante. (See 
Pet. 56–59.) Claims 9 and 24 recite the methods of claims 1 and 16, 
respectively, “wherein the testing or having tested comprises carrying out or 
having carried out a polymerase chain reaction test on the sample.” (Ex. 
1001, 26:4–6, 26:60–61.) Claims 10 and 25 recite the methods of claims 1 
and 16, respectively, “wherein the testing or having tested comprises 
carrying out or having carried out next generation sequencing on the 
sample.” (Id. at 26:7–9, 26:63–65.) Petitioner cites the teaching in 
Salipante of testing a tumor for microsatellite instability high using a PCR 
test or next generation sequencing on a sample. (See Pet. 56–60 (citing Ex. 
1010, 1192 (“PCR detection of instability at informative microsatellite 
markers (MSI-PCR) is the chief DNA-based method in current clinical 
use.”), 1193 (“Here we describe an approach for determination of MSI by 
[next generation DNA sequencing] (mSINGS) based on microsatellite 
markers which are incidentally included in targeted gene capture sequencing 
data.”); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 167–174).) Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
48 
in the art “would have had motivation to combine the MSI-H Study Record 
(whether alone or combined with Brown, Duval, and Benson) and 
Salipante.” (See Pet. 56, 58 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 170, 174).) 
We find that Dr. Neugut’s testimony and the cited references as 
recounted above support Petitioner’s arguments. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 167–
174.) 
Patent Owner does not present specific arguments against Petitioner’s 
challenge to claims 9, 10, 24, and 25 regarding the teachings of the MSR and 
Salipante or Dr. Neugut’s testimony. 
5. Patent Owner’s Arguments 
Patent Owner does not raise specific arguments against any of the 
challenges to claims 3, 8–10, 18, and 23–25 as being obvious. Rather, as 
discussed above, Patent Owner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would not have reasonably expected the claimed method to work in all of the 
recited MSI-H cancers and would not have treated patients with all of the 
recited MSI-H cancers. (See PO Resp. 32–33; PO Sur-Reply 15–18.) Patent 
Owner also argues that none of the references cited in addition to the MSR 
teach or disclose treating a patient with the recited cancers “in response to” a 
determination of MSI-H and that none of the cited references would have 
provided one of ordinary skill in the art with a reasonable expectation of 
success or motivation for accomplishing the claimed methods. (See PO 
Resp. 33–34.) 
Patent Owner argues that the cited references do not “supply the 
missing previous treatment and progression after treatment,” required in 
claims 13, 15, 28, 30, 32, 34, 36, and 38, but does not present any other 
arguments about the limitations of individual dependent claims. (Id. at 35.) 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
49 
For example, Patent Owner argues that Benson and Koh do not require prior 
treatment, progression on a prior therapy, or metastatic disease before a 
patient is enrolled in clinical trials, but Patent Owner does not address the 
grounds of challenge based on Chapelle, Steinert, or Salipante individually. 
(See id. at 35–54.) 
Because, as discussed above, we are persuaded that the steps of the 
methods recited in the independent claims are expressly taught in the MSR, 
anticipating the limitations of independent claims, we are persuaded that 
Petitioner has established that one of ordinary skill in the art would have had 
a reasonable expectation of success in achieving a method comprising these 
steps, with the results being inherent. See MEHL/Biophile, 192 F.3d at 1366 
(“Where, as here, the result is a necessary consequence of what was 
deliberately intended, it is of no import that the articles’ authors did not 
appreciate the results.”). Petitioner presents persuasive evidence that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation of success 
in making a method that tests for MSI-H with immunohistochemistry, 
polymerase chain reaction, or next generation sequencing, that uses a bodily 
fluid, as recited in the challenged dependent claims, and Patent Owner does 
not argue or present evidence to the contrary. Accordingly, we are 
persuaded that Petitioner has met its burden of presenting a prima facie case 
for the obviousness of the challenged claims. 
Patent Owner also presents objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that it asserts demonstrates the non-obviousness of the claimed methods. 
(See PO Resp. 55–84.) The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, 
skepticism, long-felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of 
the claimed methods. (See id.) Because we determine, as discussed above, 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
50 
that the methods recited in the independent claims are anticipated by the 
MSR, Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not 
persuasive of the patentability of claims 1 and 16. See Cohesive Tech., Inc. 
v. Waters Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (“secondary 
considerations are not an element of a claim of anticipation.”). Similarly, 
Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive of 
the patentability of dependent claims 1, 2, 4–7, 11–17, 19–22, 26–38, which 
we determine are anticipated by the MSR. 
Regarding the dependent claims that Petitioner challenges only on 
obviousness grounds (claims 3, 8–10, 18, and 23–25), Patent Owner must 
show a nexus between the claimed methods and the evidence of non-
obviousness. See Henny Penny Corp. v. Frymaster LLC, 938 F.3d 1324, 
1332 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“to be accorded substantial weight in the obviousness 
analysis, the evidence of secondary considerations must have a ‘nexus’ to 
the claims, i.e., there must be ‘a legally and factually sufficient connection’ 
between the evidence and the patented invention. . . . Ultimately, ‘[t]he 
patentee bears the burden of showing that a nexus exists.’” (quoting Demaco 
Corp. v. F. Von Langsdorff Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 
1988), WMS Gaming, Inc. v. Int'l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1359 (Fed. 
Cir. 1999)). 
Patent Owner highlights portions of the Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) 
label that discuss testing a patient’s tumor using polymerase chain reaction 
or immunohistochemistry, which are recited in dependent claims 8, 9, 23, 
and 24. (See PO Resp. 59–60; PO Sur-Reply 18–20.) But Patent Owner 
does not direct us to evidence of a nexus to limitations recited in the 
dependent claims, for example to claims 3 and 18, which recite testing a 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
51 
biological sample that is a bodily fluid, or claims 10 and 25, which recite 
testing that comprises carrying out next generation sequencing. 
Furthermore, Patent Owner’s arguments address the methods of 
independent claims 1 and 16, not the limitations of the claims Petitioner 
challenges as being obvious. (See PO Resp. 66–84.) Patent Owner directs 
us only to evidence regarding treating patients determined to have MSI-H 
cancers with pembrolizumab, which we determine to be anticipated by the 
MSR. When evidence of a “secondary consideration is exclusively related 
to a single feature that is in the prior art,” our reviewing court has held the 
evidence is of no relevance to the obviousness inquiry. See Yita LLC v. 
MacNeil IP LLC, 69 F.4th 1356, 1363–65 (Fed. Cir. 2023), cert. denied, 144 
S. Ct. 499 (2023) (distinguishing WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 
1330–31 (Fed. Cir. 2016)); see also Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. v. Covidien 
LP, 812 F.3d 1023, 1034 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (“[I]f the feature that creates the 
commercial success was known in the prior art, the success is not 
pertinent.”). In Yita, the prior art taught close-conformance of a floor tray 
with the walls of a vehicle foot well, which one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have had reason to use in combination with other prior-art teachings 
to arrive at the claimed invention. See Yita, 69 F.4th at 1359–61. The court 
held that because the asserted evidence of secondary consideration related 
exclusively to close-conformity, the evidence was not persuasive of non-
obviousness, even though the claimed floor tray was coextensive with the 
product that produced the evidence. See id. at 1364–65 (“The 
coextensiveness inquiry bears only on the presumption of nexus; it does not 
decide the overall nexus question.”). 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
52 
Because Patent Owner directs us only to evidence that the methods 
recited in claims 1 and 16 produced evidence of secondary considerations, 
we are not persuaded that this evidence is persuasive of the non-obviousness 
of the specific methods recited in the dependent claims. For example, Patent 
Owner fails to direct us to evidence that a method of treating MSI-H 
colorectal cancer in a patient “wherein the biological sample is a body fluid 
from the patient,” as recited in claims 3 and 18, or wherein the testing 
comprises immunohistochemistry, polymerase chain reaction or next 
generation sequencing, as in claims 8–10 and 23–25, demonstrated 
unexpected results or commercial success. 
Following a review of the evidence, including Patent Owner’s 
evidence of secondary considerations with regard to the subject matter of 
claim 1, we conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of 
the evidence that the methods of claims 3, 8–10, 18, and 23–25 would have 
been obvious. 
6. Summary 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the challenged claims would have been obvious over the MSR and the 
other references Petitioner cites. Patent Owner does not persuade us 
otherwise. Accordingly, we determine that claims 1–38 are rendered 
obvious by the MSR and the other cited references. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
53 
III. CONCLUSION14 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–38 of the ’491 patent are 
unpatentable. 
In summary: 
 
14 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 4–7, 
11–17, 
19–22, 
26–38 
102 
MSR 
1, 2, 4–7, 11–
17, 19–22, 
26–38 
 
1, 2, 4–7, 
11–17, 
19–22, 
26–38 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson 
1, 2, 4–7, 11–
17, 19–22, 
26–38 
 
1–2, 4–7, 
11, 13–
17, 19–
22, 26, 
28–38 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Koh 
1–2, 4–7, 11, 
13–17, 19–22, 
26, 28–38 
 
2, 8, 17, 
23 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Chapelle 
2, 8, 17, 23 
 
3, 18 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Steinert 
3, 18 
 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
54 
 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is 
ORDERED that claims 1–38 of the ’491 patent have been shown to be 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9, 10, 24, 
25 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Salipante 
9, 10, 24, 25 
 
11, 26 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Koh, Hamid 
11, 26 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–38 
 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2024-00650 
Patent 11,634,491 B2 
 
55 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Naveen Modi 
Bruce Wexler 
Preston Ratliff 
Daniel Zeilberger 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
brucewexler@paulhastings.com 
prestonratliff@paulhatings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Nicholas Stephens 
Grace Kim 
Todd G. Miller 
Matthew L. Chun 
Kristi Sawert 
FISH & RICHARDSON P.C. 
nstephens@fr.com 
gkim@fr.com 
miller@fr.com 
mchun@fr.com 
sawert@fr.com