--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper: 33 
571-272-7822 
Date: November 1, 2024 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
SYMRISE AG and SYMRISE INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
INOLEX INVESTMENT CORPORATION, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
 
 
Before ULRIKE W. JENKS, TINA E. HULSE, and 
ROBERT A. POLLOCK, Administrative Patent Judges. 
HULSE, Administrative Patent Judge. 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Granting-in-Part and Denying-in-Part 
Patent Owner’s Revised Motion to Amend 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Symrise AG and Symrise Inc. (collectively, “Petitioner”) filed a 
Petition requesting an inter partes review of claims 1–6, 8–10, and 22–28 of 
U.S. Patent No. 10,995,048 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’048 Patent”), owned by 
Inolex Investment Corporation (“Patent Owner”). Paper 1 (“Pet.”). Upon 
considering the Petition and Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response (Paper 
6), we instituted an inter partes review of the challenged claims of the ’048 
Patent. Paper 7 (“Dec. Inst.” or “Institution Decision”). 
After institution, Patent Owner filed a Non-Contingent Motion to 
Amend (Paper 12) and did not file a Patent Owner Response. Petitioner 
filed an Opposition to that Motion to Amend (Paper 14). We provided 
Preliminary Guidance in response to Patent Owner’s Motion to Amend. 
Paper 16 (“Prelim. Guid.”). Thereafter, Patent Owner filed a Revised 
Motion to Amend (Paper 18, “RMTA”), moving to cancel claims 1–6, 8–10, 
and 22–28 and substitute proposed claims 29–44. Petitioner filed an 
Opposition to the RMTA (Paper 20, “Pet. Opp. RMTA”), Patent Owner filed 
a Reply to the Opposition (Paper 25, “PO Reply RMTA”), and Petitioner 
filed a Sur-reply (Paper 29, “Pet. Sur-reply RMTA”). 
An oral hearing was held on September 19, 2024. A transcript of the 
hearing has been entered in the record. Paper 32 (“Tr.”). 
We have authority under 35 U.S.C. § 6. We issue this Final Written 
Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons 
that follow, we determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that proposed substitute claims 29–44 are unpatentable as obvious. 
Therefore, Patent Owner’s Revised Motion to Amend is granted with respect 
to the cancellation of claims 1–6, 8–10, and 22–28, but denied with respect 
to proposed substitute claims 29–44. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
3 
A. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Pet. 2–3. 
Patent Owner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Paper 5, 1. 
B. 
Related Proceedings 
The parties both state that they are not aware of any judicial or 
administrative proceedings involving the ’048 Patent. Pet. 3; Paper 5, 1. 
C. 
The ’048 Patent 
The ’048 Patent, entitled “Natural 1,2-Alkanediols, Compositions 
Having Natural 1,2-Alkanediols and Processes for Making the Same,” was 
filed on November 13, 2019, and claims the benefit of U.S. Patent 
Application No. 16/262,902, filed on January 30, 2019, and of Provisional 
Application No. 62/623,958, filed on January 30, 2018. Ex. 1001, codes 
(54), (22), (63), (60). 
The ’048 Patent relates to natural and renewable antimicrobial 
compounds for use in alternative preservation systems for consumer 
products, such as personal care products. Id. at 1:25–31. Personal care 
products, like cosmetics, are packaged in clean but not sterile conditions. Id. 
at 1:39–42. As such, small amounts of microbes may be in products which, 
over time, may grow to a level significant enough to result in discoloration 
or a foul odor. Id. at 1:43–55. To address microbial growth, manufacturers 
add chemical preservatives, which are typically petrochemically based and 
derived from fossil fuels. Id. at 1:61–64. The Specification states that there 
is a desire to develop alternatives to traditional preservation and to use 
chemical components that are derived from sustainable and renewable 
resources (“feedstocks”). Id. at 2:13–16. Such “natural” and “renewable” 
products are formed by “new” carbon (versus “old” carbon from fossil fuels) 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
4 
and are known in the art as non-petrochemically derived or “bio” products. 
Id. at 3:35–40. 
According to the Specification, caprylyl glycol (i.e., 1,2-octanediol) is 
one of the fastest growing alternative preservation components in the world. 
Id. at 2:51–58. One known way to prepare caprylyl glycol is shown by the 
chemical reaction below: 
 
Id. at 5:3–30.1 The chemical reaction above shows the conversion of 
1-octanol using heat and an acid catalyst (i.e., alumina) to form a mixture of 
1-octene, cis- and trans-2-octene, and cis- and trans-3-octene. 
Using a mixture of alkenes ultimately provides a mixture of diols 
upon dihydroxylation, providing a low yield of the desired terminal 1,2-diol 
material and producing unwanted contaminants. Id. at 5:7–10. But 
separating 2-, 3-, and 4-octene (not shown) regioisomers from the desired 
1-octene is difficult and causes a lower net chemical yield of 1-octene. Id. at 
6:2–5. Thus, the Specification states that “[t]here is a strong need in the art 
 
1 The chemical reaction appears to misspell alumina as “alomina.” 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
5 
for a highly regioselective, and high-chemical conversion rate process for 
creating a bio-1-octene from a bio-1-octanol.” Id. at 6:22–24. 
The Specification states that it is known that bio-1-butanol can 
convert to bio-1-butene with high selectivity and high chemical yield. Id. at 
7:19–25. The ’048 Patent states, however, that “even with such a result for 
bio-1-butene, it is noted that the conversion of 1-octanol to 1-octene is not 
simply a homolog of a conversion of 1-butanol to bio-1-butene.” Id. at 
7:39–42. 
Accordingly, the Specification states that there is a need in the art for 
continued improvement to consumer products to provide additives to keep 
products safe from contamination while avoiding traditional preservatives 
and relying on components for consumer product compositions derived from 
natural bio-sources. Id. at 7:46–56. The Specification further states that 
“[t]here is more particularly a need for a natural, and preferably 
renewable/sustainable feedstock source to create a natural, bio-caprylyl 
glycol (i.e., a natural or bio-1,2-octanediol) and the associated bio-1-alkene 
intermediate.” Id. at 7:56–60. 
D. 
Illustrative Issued Claim 
The Petition challenges claims 1–6, 8–10, and 22–28 of the ’048 
Patent, of which claim 1 is the only independent claim. Claim 1 is 
illustrative and reproduced below: 
1. A method for making a bio-alkene, comprising: 
dehydrating a bio-1-alcohol by heating the bio-1-alcohol in a reactor 
with a catalyst, wherein the resulting bio-alkene has a carbon chain 
of about 5 to about 20 carbon atoms and a bio-1-alkene 
regioselectivity of at least about 80%. 
Ex. 1001, 29:45–50 (claim 1). 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
6 
E. 
Illustrative Proposed Substitute Claim 
In its Revised Motion to Amend, Patent Owner proposes canceling 
claims 1–6, 8–10, and 22–28 and substituting proposed substitute claims 29–
44, respectively. RMTA 1, A-1. Proposed substitute claim 29 is reproduced 
below, showing the amendments to original claim 1 with the added language 
underlined and deleted language struck out: 
29. A method for making a bio-alkene, comprising: 
dehydrating a bio-1-alcohol by heating the bio-1-alcohol in a 
continuous flow reactor at a temperature of 240 °C to 360 °C 
with a calcium-promoted γ-alumina catalyst calcined at a 
temperature of about 420 °C to about 480 °C, wherein the 
catalyst has not been silanized, and 
wherein the resulting bio-alkene has a carbon chain of 6 to 10 
about 5 to about 20 carbon atoms and is produced in a 
conversion of at least 95% % [sic] and has a bio-1-alkene 
regioselectivity of 95% to about 99% from a single-pass 
reaction after at least 20 hours time-on-stream at least about 
80%. 
Id. at A-1. 
F. 
The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Because Patent Owner moves to cancel claims 1–6, 8–10, and 22–28, 
we analyze only the challenges to patentability of proposed substitute 
claims 29–44. Petitioner challenges the patentability of the proposed 
substitute claims on the following grounds: 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
29–44 
112 
Written Description 
29–44 
112 
Indefiniteness 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
7 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
29–44 
103 
Wright ’4512 
29–44 
103 
De Bruyn,3 Takamura4 
29–44 
N/A 
Estoppel under 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.73 
Pet. Opp. RMTA 1. 
Petitioner also relies on the Declarations of Douglass F. Taber, Ph.D. 
Exs. 1002, 1038, 1046. And Patent Owner relies on the Declarations of Dr. 
Michael E. Wright, Ph.D. Exs. 2001, 2006, 2010. 
II. 
REVISED MOTION TO AMEND ANALYSIS 
In an inter partes review, amended claims are not added to a patent as 
of right, but rather must be proposed as part of a motion to amend. 
35 U.S.C. § 316(d). In its Non-Contingent Revised Motion to Amend, 
Patent Owner moves to cancel claims 1–6, 8–10, and 22–28 of the ’048 
Patent and proposes to substitute claims 29–44. RMTA 1, A-1. Petitioner 
opposes the addition of the substitute claims, asserting, among other reasons, 
that the proposed claims are unpatentable for lack of written description 
support, for indefiniteness, and as obvious. Pet. Opp. RMTA 1. 
The Board must assess the patentability of proposed substitute claims 
“without placing the burden of persuasion on the patent owner.” Aqua 
Prods., Inc. v. Matal, 872 F.3d 1290, 1328 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (en banc); see 
 
2 Wright et al., WO 2015/130451 A1, published Sept. 3, 2015. Ex. 1039 
(“Wright ’451”). 
3 De Bruyn et al., US 2005/0065389 A1, published Mar. 24, 2005. Ex. 1008 
(“De Bruyn”). 
4 Takamura et al., EP 2 990 395 A1, published Mar. 2, 2016. Ex. 1044 
(“Takamura”). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
8 
also Lectrosonics, Inc. v. Zaxcom, Inc., IPR2018-01129, Paper 15 at 3‒4 
(PTAB Feb. 25, 2019) (precedential). The petitioner must prove that the 
proposed substitute claims are unpatentable by a preponderance of the 
evidence. Bosch Auto. Serv. Sols., LLC v. Matal, 878 F.3d 1027, 1040 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017); Lectrosonics, Paper 15 at 3–4. 
As explained further below, having considered the arguments and 
evidence presented by the parties at trial, we determine Petitioner has shown 
by a preponderance of the evidence that proposed substitute claims 29–44 
are unpatentable as obvious. 
A. 
Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, we consider the 
type of problems encountered in the art, the prior art solutions to those 
problems, the rapidity with which innovations are made, the sophistication 
of the technology, and the educational level of active workers in the field. 
Custom Accessories, Inc. v. Jeffrey-Allan Indus., Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 
(Fed. Cir. 1986). 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time 
of the invention (“POSA” or “POSITA”) would have had “a bachelor’s 
degree and two or more years of experience or a master’s degree in organic 
synthesis or chemical engineering, with education substituting for 
experience and vice versa.” Pet. 15 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 16). Patent Owner 
took no position on the level of ordinary skill in the art in its Preliminary 
Response. Prelim. Resp. 8. 
In our Institution Decision, we adopted Petitioner’s definition. Dec. 
Inst. 6–7. In its Motion to Amend, Patent Owner states that it accepts the 
Board’s definition for purposes of this proceeding. MTA 24. We, therefore, 
see no reason to disturb our definition of the level of ordinary skill in the art 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
9 
as it appears to be consistent with the prior art. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 
261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific findings 
regarding ordinary skill level are not required “where the prior art itself 
reflects an appropriate level and a need for testimony is not shown” (quoting 
Litton Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. 
Cir. 1985))). 
Moreover, we have reviewed the credentials of Dr. Taber and 
Dr. Wright and find they are both qualified to opine from the perspective of 
a skilled artisan as they both possess at least ordinary skill in the art.5 See 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 2–4, App’x A; Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 3–7, App’x A; see also Kyocera 
Senco Indus. Tools Inc. v. Int’l Trade Comm’n, 22 F.4th 1369, 1376–77 
(Fed. Cir. 2022) (“To offer expert testimony from the perspective of a 
skilled artisan in a patent case . . . a witness must at least have ordinary skill 
in the art.”). 
B. 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, the Board applies the same claim 
construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a civil 
action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 37 C.F.R. § 100(b). Under that standard, 
claim terms “are generally given their ordinary and customary meaning” as 
understood by a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the 
invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) 
(en banc). 
 
5 Although Dr. Wright questions Dr. Taber’s qualifications and whether he 
can “operate as [a] POSITA, let alone be considered an expert, in the 
technology of the ’048 patent,” Ex. 2006 ¶ 7, Patent Owner does not 
challenge Dr. Taber’s qualifications as an expert in any of its papers, and 
conceded during oral argument that Dr. Taber “certainly is a person of 
ordinary skill in the art.” Tr. 25:16–26. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
10 
Patent Owner proposes constructions for the terms “about,” “a 
calcium-promoted γ-alumina catalyst,” and “from a single-pass reaction.” 
RMTA 24–25. Petitioner does not contest the construction of any of those 
terms. See generally Pet. Opp. RMTA. 
Although neither party expressly proposes a construction for the term 
“conversion,” the parties appear to differ in their interpretations of that term. 
Petitioner interprets “conversion” to mean the percent conversion of the 1-
alcohol. See Pet. Opp. RMTA 6–7 (interpreting “conversion” as percentage 
of remaining 1-alcohol); Ex. 1040, 109:2–11. Patent Owner, on the other 
hand, interprets “conversion” to mean the total percentage of alkenes that 
have been produced. Ex. 2010 ¶ 123 (interpreting “conversion” as 
percentage of total alkenes). During oral argument, counsel for Patent 
Owner conceded that “conversion can mean either.” Tr. 27:18–28:13. 
Without the benefit of briefing by the parties, we decline to expressly 
construe the term “conversion,” as our Decision would be the same under 
either interpretation, as discussed further below. See Nidec Motor Corp. v. 
Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) 
(finding only those terms that are in controversy need be construed, and only 
to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy). Moreover, we do not 
find it necessary to expressly construe any other claim terms for purposes of 
this Decision. Id. 
C. 
Cancellation of Claims 1–6, 8–10, and 22–28 
Patent Owner’s Revised Motion to Amend requests that claims 1–6, 
8–10, and 22–28 be canceled. RMTA 1. The RMTA is not contingent on 
any finding by the Board regarding the patentability of claims 1–6, 8–10, 
and 22–28. Id. Rather, the RMTA seeks to replace challenged claims 1–6, 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
11 
8–10, and 22–28 with proposed substitute claims 29–44 without 
precondition. Id. 
A motion to amend may cancel a challenged claim. See 35 U.S.C. 
§ 316(d)(1)(A); 37 C.F.R. § 42.121(a)(3). Petitioner does not oppose the 
cancellation of claims 1–6, 8–10, and 22–28. Accordingly, we grant Patent 
Owner’s Revised Motion to Amend with respect to the request to cancel 
challenged claims 1–6, 8–10, and 22–28. 
D. 
Asserted Obviousness of Proposed Substitute Claims 29–44 over 
Wright ’451 
Patent Owner seeks to add proposed substitute claims 29–44 in its 
Revised Motion to Amend. Petitioner asserts that substitute claims 29–44 
are unpatentable as obvious over Wright ’451. Pet. Opp. RMTA 5–15. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented by the 
parties and the record as a whole, we determine Petitioner has established by 
a preponderance of the evidence that substitute claims 29–44 are 
unpatentable as obvious over Wright ’451.6 
1. 
Wright ’451 
Wright ’451 is a PCT application entitled “Regioselective 
Dehydration of Terminal Alcohols” that published on September 3, 2015, 
which is more than one year before the earliest effective filing date of the 
’048 Patent on January 30, 2018. See Ex. 1039, codes (54), (43); Ex. 1001, 
codes (60), (63). Wright ’451 is, therefore, prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
 
6 As set forth below, we determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance 
of the evidence that substitute claims 29–44 are unpatentable as obvious 
over Wright ’451. In light of that determination, we need not address 
whether Patent Owner’s Revised Motion to Amend otherwise complies with 
the statutory and regulatory requirements for a motion to amend. See 35 
U.S.C. § 316(d); 37 C.F.R. § 42.121(a). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
12 
§ 102(b) and Patent Owner does not argue otherwise. Of note, the lead 
inventor of Wright ’451, Michael E. Wright, is also an inventor of the ’048 
Patent and is Patent Owner’s expert in this proceeding. Compare id., code 
(72) with Ex. 1001, code (72). 
Wright ’451 “relates to conversion of terminal alcohols to the 
corresponding terminal alkenes with high regioselectivity at high 
conversion.” Id. ¶ 2. Wright ’451 states that for α-olefins (i.e., 1-alkenes) 
from petroleum resources, “there exist several well-known processes for 
ethylene oligomerization that afford α-olefins such as 1-butene, 1-hexene, 
1-octene, and so forth.” Id. ¶ 3. According to Wright ’451, however, 
obtaining α-olefins from renewable and sustainable resources requires a 
“significantly different approach.” Id. ¶ 4. Wright ’451 explains that 
because fermentation can produce alcohols in large scale, alcohols can be 
desirable feedstock for preparing α-olefins, as long as they can be 
dehydrated in high yield, which requires achieving high regioselectivity at 
high alcohol conversion. Id. According to Wright ’451, the problem with 
selective α-olefin synthesis is the competing isomerization reaction that 
produces the thermodynamically favored internal olefins. Id. Moreover, 
bio-alcohol fermentation processing directly results in water and impurities, 
and removing them is costly in energy and time. Id. ¶ 6. Accordingly, 
Wright ’451 states “[a]n improved method is needed to prepare terminal 
olefins efficiently from a solution containing bio-1-alcohols and water as a 
major impurity.” Id. 
Wright ’451 teaches a catalyst system and process that can convert a 
feed of terminal alcohol-containing water to a product stream containing the 
respective terminal olefin and water. Id. ¶ 13. In some embodiments, 
Wright ’451 states “the terminal olefin is produced with about 90% to about 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
13 
99% regiochemical selectivity,” and “a single pass over the catalyst system 
affords a chemical conversion of greater than about 95%.” Id. Moreover, 
Wright ’451 teaches that the catalyst may be calcined at temperatures of 
about 200 oC to 600 oC. Id. ¶ 67. 
Wright ’451 teaches the modification of a catalyst composition, such 
as γ-alumina, with a calcium compound and calcining the catalyst 
composition. Id. ¶¶ 13–14. Wright ’451 states that the alcohol may be a 
bio-1-alcohol and may be “of general formula R1R2CHCH2OH, where R1 
and R2 are independently H or a C1 to C20 alkyl radical.” Id. ¶¶ 20, 78. 
Wright ’451 further describes its catalyst system as providing “highly 
specific regioselective dehydration of 1-alcohols (e.g., bio-1-alcohols) in 
water-containing mixtures, with retention of selectivity over extended 
periods of use, commonly reported as Time On Stream (TOS),” such as 
continuous uses “for at least 1 to 3 months.” Id. ¶ 50. 
2. 
Analysis 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the 
differences between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the 
claimed invention as a whole would have been obvious before the effective 
filing date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the 
art to which said claimed invention pertains. See also KSR Int’l Co. v. 
Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is 
resolved on the basis of underlying factual determinations, including (1) the 
scope and content of the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed 
subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level of skill in the art; and 
(4) objective evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 
U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). Objective evidence of nonobviousness may include 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
14 
“commercial success, long felt but unsolved needs, failure of others, etc.” 
Id. 
a) 
Teachings of Wright ’451 
Petitioner argues that Wright ’451 teaches or suggests each limitation 
of substitute claims 29–44. Pet. Opp. RMTA 12–15. We agree for the 
reasons stated by Petitioner, which we adopt here. Id. (citing, e.g., Ex. 1039 
¶¶ 2, 13, 14, 16, 17, 50, 67, 78; Ex. 1046 ¶¶ 63–69). For example, regarding 
substitute claim 29, we find Wright ’451 teaches methods for dehydrating 
bio-1-alcohols to the corresponding bio-1-alkenes using calcined and 
calcium-modified γ-alumina catalysts in a continuous flow reactor. 
Ex. 1039 ¶¶ 2, 14–18, 20. Wright ’451 teaches that the catalyst, which has 
not been silanized,7 is calcined at 200 oC to 600 oC, and the dehydration 
reaction is between 220 oC to 440 oC. Id. ¶¶ 13, 67. Wright ’451 also 
teaches that in some embodiments, “the regioselectivity of 1-alkene 
production is greater than about 95%.” Id. ¶ 22; see also id. ¶ 13 (“[T]he 
terminal olefin is produced with about 90% to about 99% regiochemical 
selectivity.”). Moreover, Wright ’451 teaches that “a single pass over the 
catalyst system affords a chemical conversion of greater than about 95%.”8 
Id. ¶ 13. And Wright ’451 teaches that the Time On Stream can be “up to 48 
months while producing terminal olefin (e.g., bio-1-olefin) without 
 
7 As explained in our Preliminary Guidance—which neither party disputes—
we interpret “catalyst has not been silanized” to mean that no affirmative 
step is taken to silanize the catalyst. Prelim. Guid. 8. 
8 We note that although Wright ’451 does not indicate whether the cited 
“conversion” is calculated as a percentage of remaining 1-alcohol (as 
Petitioner would interpret it) or as the percentage of total alkenes (as Patent 
Owner would interpret it), Patent Owner does not contest that Wright ’451 
teaches the “conversion of at least 95%” limitation of the proposed 
substituted claims. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
15 
significant loss in regioselectivity for the terminal olefin.” Id. ¶ 50. Thus, 
we find a preponderance of the evidence shows that Wright ’451 teaches or 
suggests each limitation of claim 29. 
We have considered the arguments and evidence presented by the 
parties with respect to substitute claims 30–44 and find a preponderance of 
the evidence shows that Wright ’451 teaches or suggestions each limitation 
of those claims, as well. See, e.g., Ex. 1039 ¶¶ 14, 67, 78, 82; Ex. 1046 
¶¶ 67–72. 
In response, Patent Owner argues that the level of ordinary skill in the 
art is low and that Dr. Taber “fail[s] to analyze the prior art through this lens 
of a POSITA being one who had little practical experience.” PO Reply 
RMTA 10. Citing Dr. Wright’s testimony, Patent Owner contends that “a 
POSITA would not have found the claimed calcination temperature ranges 
for a calcium-promoted γ-alumina catalyst of ‘about 420 °C to about 480 °C’ 
and ‘about 440 °C to about 460 °C’ are disclosed or suggested by the prior 
art.” Id. at 10–11 (citing Ex. 2010 ¶¶ 111–1169). Dr. Wright opines that 
Wright ’451’s disclosure of calcining at about 200°C to 600°C does not 
disclose or suggest the claimed calcination ranges because “[a] POSITA 
reading Wright ’451 would have no reason to lower the calcination 
temperature below 500 °C because the catalysts already provide high 
conversion, high regioselectivity and long TOS for 1-butanol.” Ex. 2010 
¶ 114. Dr. Wright also challenges the credibility of Dr. Taber’s testimony, 
questioning his knowledge and conclusions. Id. ¶ 113. 
 
9 Petitioner objects to Patent Owner’s argument, asserting that Patent Owner 
improperly incorporates Dr. Wright’s cited testimony by reference. 
Paper 27. We agree with Petitioner’s objection, but we are not persuaded by 
Patent Owner’s argument regardless. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
16 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments. This is a classic 
obviousness case of overlapping ranges with longstanding caselaw that 
holds: “Where a claimed range overlaps with a range disclosed in the prior 
art, there is a presumption of obviousness.” Ormco Corp. v. Align Tech., 
463 F.3d 1299, 1311 (Fed. Cir. 2006); see also In re Peterson, 315 F.3d 
1325, 1329 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (citing In re Geisler, 116 F.3d 1465, 1469 (Fed. 
Cir. 1997); In re Woodruff, 919 F.2d 1575, 1578 (CCPA 1990); In re 
Malagari, 499 F.2d 1297, 1303 (CCPA 1974)). Wright ’451 discloses a 
reaction temperature of about 220 °C to about 440 °C (Ex. 1039 ¶ 13) and a 
calcination temperature range of 200 °C to 600 °C (id. ¶ 67), which both 
fully encompass the claimed reaction temperature range of “240 °C to 
360 °C” and calcination temperature range of “about 420 °C to about 
480 °C” of substitute claims 29–44. RMTA A-1. 
As the Federal Circuit has explained, “[t]he point of our overlapping 
range cases is that, in the absence of evidence indicating that there is 
something special or critical about the claimed range, an overlap suffices to 
show that the claimed range was disclosed in—and therefore obvious in light 
of—the prior art.” E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. v. Synvina C.V., 904 F.3d 
996, 1008 (Fed. Cir. 2018). Thus, Petitioner need not specifically assert that 
a POSA would have been motivated “to lower the calcination temperature 
below 500 °C,” as Patent Owner and Dr. Wright assert. See Ex. 2010 ¶ 114. 
Showing that Wright ’451’s temperature ranges encompass the claimed 
ranges is sufficient to establish a presumption of obviousness. See In re 
Peterson, 315 F.3d at 1330 (concluding that a prior art reference that 
discloses a range fully encompassing a narrower claimed range is sufficient 
to establish a prima facie case of obviousness). Consistent with the Federal 
Circuit, we find that “[t]he normal desire of scientists or artisans to improve 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
17 
upon what is already generally known provides the motivation to determine 
where in a disclosed set of percentage ranges is the optimum combination of 
percentages.” Id. 
Having found that Wright ’451 teaches or suggests each limitation of 
the substitute claims and established that the claimed temperature ranges are 
presumed obvious, “the burden of production falls upon the patentee to 
come forward with evidence of teaching away, unexpected results or 
criticality, or other pertinent objective indicia indicating that the overlapping 
range would not have been obvious in light of that prior art.” See E.I. 
DuPont, 904 F.3d at 1008 (holding the burden shifting framework of 
overlapping ranges applies in inter partes review proceedings). 
Accordingly, we now turn to the evidence of nonobviousness that 
Patent Owner has presented and address whether that evidence is sufficient 
to rebut the presumption that the proposed substitute claims are obvious. 
For the reasons set forth below, we find it is not. 
b) 
Objective Evidence of Nonobviousness 
(1) 
The Parties’ Contentions 
Patent Owner relies primarily on evidence of unexpected results to 
rebut the presumption of obviousness over the overlapping temperature 
ranges of Wright ’451. RMTA 18–21. Specifically, Patent Owner asserts 
that (1) the calcination temperatures of substitute claims 29–44 provide 
unexpected results, and (2) the reaction temperatures of substitute claims 
29–44 provide unexpected results. Id. at 19–21. 
Regarding calcination temperature, Patent Owner argues that “[a]s 
shown in the ’048 patent, a calcium-promoted γ-alumina catalyst calcined at 
440 °C provides unexpectedly better 1-octene regioselectivity and higher 
conversion compared to the same catalyst calcined at 500 °C.” Id. at 19 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
18 
(citing Ex. 1001, 26:10–27:9 (Examples 1–3); Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 20, 123). Patent 
Owner cites Examples 1–3 of the ’048 Patent in which Example 1 prepares a 
catalyst that is calcined at 440 °C and Example 2 prepares a catalyst that is 
calcined at 500°C. Ex. 1001, 26:40–43, 26:47–50. Example 3 uses the 
catalysts of Examples 1 and 2 to convert bio-1-octanol to bio-1-octene. Id. 
at 26:55–27:9. The results are shown in Table 2, which is reproduced 
below: 
 
Id. at 27:1–9. According to Patent Owner, Table 2 shows that “the calcium-
promoted γ-alumina catalyst calcined at 500 °C provided a 1-octene 
regioselectivity of 93.1% at a conversion of 95.5%,10 while calcination at 
440 °C provided a 1-octene regioselectivity of 96.7%11 at a conversion of 
97.2%.” RMTA 19 (citing Ex. 1001, 26:10–27:9; Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 20, 123). 
According to Patent Owner, “the ’048 patent demonstrates that the 
calcination temperature of 500 °C (as taught by Wright ’451) provides a less 
reactive and less selective catalyst than that of the present invention.” Id. 
 
10 As explained above, Patent Owner and Dr. Wright calculate “conversion” 
of the “resulting bio-alkene” by adding the percentage of 1-Octene and the 
percentage of 2-Octene & 3-Octenes. Tr. 26:24–28:13; see also Ex. 2006 
¶ 123 (stating conversion (to octenes) in Table 2 is 97.2% (i.e., 94.0% + 
3.2%) and 95.5% (i.e., 88.9% + 6.6%)). 
11 According to Dr. Wright, the calculation of 1-Octene selectivity for 
Example 1 “appears to be incorrect and should be 96.7%.” Ex. 2006 ¶ 123 
n.4. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
19 
(citing Ex. 2006 ¶ 123). Patent Owner contends that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have viewed this result as unexpected because “nothing in 
Wright ’451 (or any other prior art of record) teaches or suggests lower 
calcination temperature can improve both conversion and 1-alkene 
regioselectivity.” Id. (citing Ex. 2006 ¶ 124). 
Patent Owner also argues that “this result is a difference in kind and 
not one of degree, as even a 1-2% improvement in either conversion or 1-
alkene regioselectivity can provide significant benefit from the perspective 
of reactor design and operating costs—for example, by eliminating a recycle 
stream.” Id. (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 6, 20, 122–124). Specifically, Patent 
Owner and Dr. Wright assert that “1-octene regioselectivity increased from 
93.1% to 96.7% and conversion increased from 95.5% to 97.2%” and one of 
ordinary skill in the art would view these improvements as “very significant 
and highly unexpected.” Id. at 19–20 (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 21, 123–124). 
Regarding reaction temperature, Patent Owner relies on the results 
shown in Table 5, reproduced below: 
 
As shown in Table 5, Patent Owner asserts that “Example 11 of the ’048 
[Patent] discloses that increasing the reactor temperature from 350 °C to 
370 °C reduced conversion (to hexenes) from 96.9% to 93.3%, while 1-
hexene regioselectivity was constant (96.6% vs. 96.4%).” Id. at 20 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 29:1–25; Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 126–127). 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
20 
Patent Owner argues the decreased conversion of 1-hexanol at a 
reaction temperature of 370 °C relative to the conversion at 350 °C is an 
unexpected result. Id. (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 126–127). According to Patent 
Owner, “Wright ’451 teaches that the lowest 1-butanol conversion is always 
at 340 °C and conversion increases with temperature” and “[n]othing in 
Wright ’451 would have taught or suggested to a POSITA that conversion of 
1-hexanol would decrease at 370 °C.” Id. (citing Ex. 1039 ¶¶ 42–46; 
Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 125–127). Patent Owner again argues that the asserted 
unexpected result is a difference in kind, not one of degree, because “even a 
1-2% improvement in conversion can provide significant design and 
operational benefits.” Id. (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 125–127). Patent Owner also 
challenges the credibility of Dr. Taber’s testimony, stating his testimony 
“concerning a POSITA’s understanding of the operation and mechanism of 
the dehydration process at issue is not credible and therefore any testimony 
he attempts to provide in rebuttal concerning whether a result would be 
expected or unexpected should be accorded little probative value.” Id. at 21 
(citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 7–14, 63, 73, 87, 89, 99, 114, 115). 
In response, Petitioner asserts that “[i]t is undisputed that Wright ‘451 
teaches dehydrating a 1-alcohol at 240 °C to 360 °C in a single pass using a 
catalyst calcined at 200 °C to 600 °C that achieves 95-99% regioselectivity 
and at least 95% conversion.” Pet. Opp. RMTA 5 (citing Ex. 1039 ¶¶ 13–
14, 20, 22, 67, 78, 82; RMTA 18–20; Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 66–70; Ex. 1046 ¶ 43). 
Petitioner disagrees that the claimed reaction and calcination temperatures 
produce unexpected conversion and regioselectivity results. Id. at 6–7 
(citing Ex. 1046 ¶¶ 45–61). Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner and 
Dr. Wright misinterpret the experiment set forth in Example 11 and the 
results in Table 5. Id. at 6. Specifically, Petitioner interprets “conversion” 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
21 
to mean the conversion of 1-hexanol and asserts that Patent Owner’s 
interpretation (i.e., the sum of the resulting alkenes) is incorrect. Id. at 6–7. 
Nevertheless, Petitioner argues that the results are consistent with the prior 
art teachings and are not unexpected. Id. Petitioner also argues that neither 
the prosecution history nor the specification suggest the claimed ranges are 
critical. Id. at 10–11. 
In its Reply to Petitioner’s Opposition, Patent Owner argues that 
Petitioner has failed to rebut Patent Owner’s asserted unexpected results, 
reiterating its position that the ’048 Patent’s Example 3 shows unexpected 
results when calcined at 440 °C as compared to 500 °C. PO Reply RMTA 
11–12 (citing Ex. 2010 ¶¶ 114–121, 133, 134). Patent Owner also argues 
that a POSA would have found it unexpected that the ’048 Patent’s 
unsilanized calcium-promoted, γ-alumina catalyst would provide both 
increased conversion and regioselectivity compared to prior art catalysts that 
were base-treated, dried, silanized, and then calcined at 400 °C. Id. at 12 
(citing Ex. 2010 ¶ 122). Patent Owner also argues that a POSA would not 
have expected that increasing the reactor temperature would reduce 
conversion of 1-hexanol to 1-hexene, while maintaining a high-
regioselectivity using the ’048 patent’s calcium-promoted γ-alumina 
catalyst, particularly in view of Wright ’451’s teaching that conversion 
increases with temperature. Id. at 11–12 (citing Ex. 2010 ¶¶ 123–127). 
Finally, Patent Owner submits—without explanation—“additional evidence 
of long-felt need and failure of others.” Id. at 12 (citing Ex. 2010 ¶¶ 128–
132). 
(2) 
Analysis of Objective Evidence of Nonobviousness 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented by the 
parties, we are not persuaded that the claimed reaction and calcination 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
22 
temperature ranges are sufficiently critical to overcome the presumption of 
obviousness. As explained further below, we are not persuaded by Patent 
Owner’s evidence of unexpected results, long-felt need, and failure of 
others. 
(a) 
Unexpected Results 
“To be particularly probative, evidence of unexpected results must 
establish that there is a difference between the results obtained and those of 
the closest prior art, and that the difference would not have been expected by 
one of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention.” Bristol-Myers 
Squibb Co. v. Teva Pharms USA, Inc., 752 F.3d 967, 977 (Fed. Cir. 2014). 
Given that Wright ’451 teaches or suggests each limitation of the substitute 
claims, we find—and the parties appear to agree—that Wright ’451 is the 
closest prior art.12 See Ex. 2006 ¶ 119 (“Wright ’451 is the closest prior art 
to the substitute claims, which does not appear to be in dispute.”) (citing 
Ex. 2007, 151:3–6). 
To show unexpected results, Patent Owner asserts that the ’048 Patent 
shows that a catalyst calcined at 440 °C provides unexpectedly better 
1-octene regioselectivity and higher conversion than the same catalyst 
calcined at 500 °C (as taught by Wright ’451). RMTA 19 (citing Ex. 1001, 
26:10–27:9; Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 20, 123). Specifically, according to Patent Owner, 
the catalyst calcined at 440 °C provides a 1-octene regioselectivity of 96.7% 
 
12 Patent Owner asserts that a POSA would have found it unexpected that the 
’048 Patent’s γ-alumina catalyst that is not silanized had increased 
conversion and regioselectivity compared to a γ-alumina catalyst that was 
silanized and then calcined at 400 oC. PO Reply RMTA 12 (citing Ex. 2010 
¶ 122). We agree with Petitioner, however, that that argument is not 
persuasive, as Patent Owner does not compare the results with Wright ’451, 
which is the closest prior art. Pet. Sur-reply RMTA 3. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
23 
at a conversion of 97.2%, which is better than the catalyst calcined at 
500 °C, which provides a regioselectivity of 93.1% at a conversion of 
95.5%. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 26:10–27:9). 
We are not persuaded. “[A]ny superior property must be unexpected 
to be considered as evidence of non-obviousness.” Pfizer, Inc. v. Apotex, 
Inc., 480 F.3d 1348, 1371 (Fed. Cir. 2007). We must, therefore, first 
consider what results were expected to determine what a POSA would have 
considered to be unexpected. Id. As seen by the table below, Wright ’451’s 
disclosure fully encompasses the temperature ranges and purported 
unexpected results recited by substitute claim 29 and shown in Table 2 of the 
’048 Patent: 
Reference 
Reaction 
Temperature 
Calcination 
Temperature 
Conversion 
Rate13 
Regioselectivity 
Wright ’451 about 220 °C 
to about 
440 °C 
about 200 °C 
to 600 °C 
greater than 
about 95% 
about 90% to 
about 99% 
Substitute 
Claim 29 
240 °C to 
360 °C 
about 420 °C 
to about 
480 °C 
at least 
95% 
95% to about 
99% 
Table 2, 
Example 1 
315 °C 
440 °C 
 
97.2% 
 
96.7% 
 
Table 2, 
Example 2 
315 °C 
500 °C 
95.5% 
93.1% 
See Ex. 1039 ¶¶ 13, 67; RMTA A-1; Ex. 1001, 27:1–9. 
 
13 In the table, we apply Patent Owner’s interpretation of “conversion” (i.e., 
the sum of the total percentage of alkenes) to address Patent Owner’s 
arguments. But we note that the conversion rates of Examples 1 and 2 of 
Table 2 under Petitioner’s interpretation would be 98.4% and 96.5%, 
respectively, which are also consistent with the conversion rate taught by 
Wright ’451. See Ex. 1001, 27:1–8 (Table 2). 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
24 
In essence, Patent Owner argues that the claimed results and the 
results of Table 2 of the ’048 Patent were unexpected even though those 
results are expressly taught by Wright ’451. We cannot accept such a 
paradoxical argument. Wright ’451 “is prior art for all that it teaches.” See 
Beckman Instruments, Inc. v. LKB Produkter AB, 892 F.2d 1547, 1551 (Fed. 
Cir. 1989). We, therefore, credit the testimony of Dr. Taber that because the 
results of Table 2 are consistent with the teachings of Wright ’451, a POSA 
would not have considered those results to be unexpected. See Ex. 1046 
¶ 52 (citing Ex. 1039 ¶¶ 13, 14, 20, 22, 67, 78, 82). 
Regarding the reaction temperature, Patent Owner points to the results 
in Table 5 and asserts that the decreased conversion of 93.3% at a reaction 
temperature of 370 °C is an unexpected result relative to the conversion of 
96.9% at a reaction temperature of 350 °C. RMTA 20 (citing Ex. 2006 
¶¶ 126–127). According to Patent Owner, “Wright ’451 teaches that the 
lowest 1-butanol conversion is always at 340 °C and conversion increases 
with temperature” and “[n]othing in Wright ’451 would have taught or 
suggested to a POSITA that conversion of 1-hexanol would decrease at 
370 °C.” Id. (citing Ex. 1039 ¶¶ 42–46; Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 125–127). Patent 
Owner asserts that the unexpected results are a difference in kind and not one 
of degree, “as even a 1–2% improvement in either conversion or 1-alkene 
regioselectivity can provide significant benefit from the perspective of reactor 
design and operating costs—for example, by eliminating a recycle stream.” 
RMTA 19–20 (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 6, 20, 122–127). 
We disagree. “‘[D]ifferences in degree’ of a known and expected 
property are not as persuasive in rebutting obviousness as differences in 
‘kind’—i.e., a new property dissimilar to the known property.” Bristol-
Myers Squibb Co. v. Teva Pharms. USA, Inc., 752 F.3d 967, 977 (Fed. Cir. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
25 
2014); see also UCB, Inc. v. Actavis Labs. UT, Inc., 65 F.4th 679, 693 (Fed. 
Cir. 2023) (stating “[a] difference of degree is not as persuasive as a 
difference in kind—i.e., if the range produces a new property dissimilar to 
the known property, rather than producing a predictable result but to an 
unexpected extent”) (internal quotations omitted). 
Notwithstanding Dr. Wright’s conclusory testimony to the contrary, 
we find that a 2–3% improvement in conversion and regioselectivity is a 
difference in degree and not a “new property dissimilar to the known 
property” to qualify as a difference in kind. Bristol-Myers Squibb, 752 F.3d 
at 977. Dr. Wright fails to explain how the difference is a “difference in 
kind and not one of degree.” See Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 124, 127. To the extent Dr. 
Wright opines that the resulting benefit in “reactor design and operating 
costs” elevates the differences to differences “in kind,” we find In re Harris, 
409 F.3d 1339 (Fed. Cir. 2005), to be instructive. In that case, the Federal 
Circuit found that a percentage increase in results was not a “difference in 
kind,” even where that difference resulted in “considerable cost savings.” 
Id. at 1344. Similarly, here, we are not persuaded by Dr. Wright’s testimony 
that the percentage increase in the known properties of conversion and 
regioselectivity amounts to a difference in kind, even with a “significant” 
benefit to “reactor design and operating costs.” See Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 124, 127. 
Moreover, a showing of unexpected results must be commensurate in 
scope with the claimed range. In re Harris, 409 F.3d at 1344. We agree 
with Petitioner that Patent Owner’s asserted unexpected results are not 
commensurate in scope with substitute claim 29. Pet. Opp. RMTA 7–8; Pet. 
Sur-reply RMTA 2–3. Substitute claim 29 recites a calcination temperature 
range of “about 420 °C to about 480 °C” and a reaction temperature range of 
“240 °C to 360 °C.” RMTA A-1. Patent Owner asserts that the results from 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
26 
a single calcination temperature at 440 °C (relative to calcination at 500 °C) 
and a single reaction temperature of 370 °C (relative to a reaction 
temperature of 350 °C) support the criticality of the claimed ranges. RMTA 
19–20; PO Reply RMTA 11–12. 
We find Patent Owner’s evidence is insufficient and consider the E.I. 
DuPont case to be analogous to the facts of this case. There, the patent 
owner attempted to show unexpected results by pointing to an experiment 
disclosed in the challenged patent’s specification. E.I. DuPont, 904 F.3d at 
1011–12. The Federal Circuit was not persuaded, however, because the 
experiment tested only a single pressure that was not commensurate in scope 
with the claims, which recited a range of pressures. Id. at 1012. Similarly, 
here, we are not persuaded that a single data point is commensurate in scope 
with the recited calcination and reaction temperature ranges of the claims. 
Alternatively, Patent Owner asserts that substitute dependent claims 
34, 37, 40, and 43, which recite a narrower calcination temperature range of 
about 440 °C to about 460 °C, would be commensurate in scope if the 
calcination range of substitute claim 29 is too broad. RMTA 22–23 (citing 
Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 123–124, 130–131). Similarly, substitute dependent claims 35, 
38, 41, and 44 recite a narrower reaction temperature range of 315 °C to 
350 °C. RMTA 23 (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 125–127, 132–133). Although these 
dependent substitute claims recite a narrower calcination range and reaction 
temperature range than substitute claim 29, Patent Owner’s argument 
nonetheless relies on a single data point (i.e., calcination at 400°C and 
reaction temperature of 370 °C) within the claimed range. Although Patent 
Owner’s counsel argued during oral argument that the narrower claims “are 
certainly commensurate in scope with the result at 440 degrees,” Tr. 
41:17–24, that conclusory attorney argument does not sufficiently explain 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
27 
how the alleged unexpected results apply to the full scope of the claimed 
temperature ranges. See In re Peterson, 315 F.3d at 1331 (finding 
unexpected results were not commensurate in scope with the claimed range 
of 1–3% where unexpected results were only shown with respect to 2%). 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
are not persuaded that Patent Owner’s evidence shows the claimed reaction 
and calcination temperature ranges produced unexpected results over the 
teachings of Wright ’451. 
(b) 
Long-Felt Need and Failure of Others 
In a single sentence in its Reply, Patent Owner states that it “submits 
additional evidence of long-felt need and failure of others.” PO Reply 
RMTA 12 (citing Ex. 2010 ¶¶ 128–132). Patent Owner provides no analysis 
or explanation regarding its submitted evidence and instead cites five 
paragraphs of Dr. Wright’s Third Declaration. We agree with Petitioner that 
Patent Owner’s argument violates our rule against incorporation by 
reference. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.6(a)(3) (“Arguments must not be incorporated 
by reference from one document into another document.”); Pet. Sur-reply 
RMTA 5; Paper 27, 1. We, therefore, need not consider it. 
Even if we were to consider Patent Owner’s arguments and evidence, 
we are not persuaded that Patent Owner has shown that a long-felt and 
unmet need or failure of others existed in light of Wright ’451’s teachings. 
That is, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s evidence given Wright ’451 
teaches or suggests each limitation of the claims. George M. Martin Co. v. 
Alliance Mach. Sys. Int’l LLC, 618 F.3d 1294, 1304 (Fed. Cir. 2010) 
(“Where the differences between the prior art and the claimed invention are 
as minimal as they are here, . . . it cannot be said that any long-felt need was 
unsolved.”). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
28 
Nor are we persuaded that Patent Owner has satisfied its burden to 
show a nexus exists between the proposed substitute claims and the alleged 
long-felt need and failure of others. Fox Factory, Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 
F.3d 1366, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“The patentee bears the burden of 
showing that a nexus exists.”). Dr. Wright asserts that “the ability of a 
catalyst to maintain regioselective dehydrogenation of 1-alcohols to 1-
alkenes at high and steady conversion rates and for extended duration of 
time-on-stream, was and is a crucial consideration for any commercial and 
sustainable bio-1-alcohol dehydration process.” Ex. 2010 ¶ 130 (second 
emphasis added). The claims, however, do not require commercial-scale 
processes. Thus, we are not persuaded that a nexus exists between the 
alleged long-felt need and failure of others. 
Having considered Patent Owner’s objective evidence of 
nonobviousness, we accord little weight to Patent Owner’s arguments 
regarding unexpected results, long-felt need, and failure of others. 
Accordingly, we find this case “involves a strong case of obviousness based 
on very close prior art and weak evidence of nonobviousness.” E.I. DuPont, 
904 F.3d at 1013; see also Newell Cos. v. Kenney Mfg. Co., 864 F.2d 757, 
769 (Fed. Cir. 1988) (holding that objective evidence of nonobviousness 
may not be sufficient to outweigh strong evidence of obviousness). 
3. 
Conclusion on Obviousness of Substitute Claims 29–44 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that substitute 
claims 29–44 are unpatentable as obvious over Wright ’451. 
E. 
Remaining Grounds 
In the remaining challenges set forth in Petitioner’s Opposition to the 
RMTA, Petitioner asserts substitute claims 29–44 are unpatentable because 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
29 
they fail to comply with the written description requirement, are indefinite, 
and are obvious over De Bruyn and Takamura. Pet. Opp. RMTA 2–5, 16–
19. Petitioner also asserts that Patent Owner is estopped from adding the 
substitute claims under 37 C.F.R. § 42.73 and that the claims are 
procedurally improper. Id. at 19–25. 
Because we have determined that substitute claims 29–44 are obvious 
over Wright ’451, which is dispositive as to all proposed substitute claims, 
we need not reach these remaining grounds. See SAS Inst. Inc. v. Iancu, 138 
S. Ct. 1348, 1359 (2018) (holding that a petitioner “is entitled to a final 
written decision addressing all of the claims it has challenged”); Bos. Sci. 
Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 F. App’x 984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) 
(non-precedential) (recognizing that the “Board need not address issues that 
are not necessary to the resolution of the proceeding” and, thus, agreeing 
that the Board has “discretion to decline to decide additional instituted 
grounds once the petitioner has prevailed on all its challenged claims”). 
III. 
CONCLUSION14 
For the foregoing reasons, we conclude that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that proposed substitute claims 29–44 are 
unpatentable as obvious. We, therefore, grant-in-part Patent Owner’s 
 
14 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
30 
Revised Motion to Amend as to the noncontingent request to cancel claims 
1–6, 8–10, and 22–28 of the ’048 Patent and deny Patent Owner’s Revised 
Motion to Amend as to the request to add substitute claims 29–44. 
In summary: 
 
Motion to Amend Outcome 
Claims 
Original Claims Cancelled by Amendment 
1–6, 8–10, 22–28 
Substitute Claims Proposed in the Amendment 
29–44 
Substitute Claims: Motion to Amend Granted 
 
 
15 Because these claims are canceled, we do not address this ground. 
16 Because these claims are canceled, we do not address this ground. 
17 Because these claims are canceled, we do not address this ground. 
18 Because these claims are canceled, we do not address this ground. 
19 Because these claims are canceled, we do not address this ground. 
20 Because these claims are canceled, we do not address this ground. 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–6, 8–10, 
22, 23, 26–
28 
103 
Le15 
 
 
24, 25 
103 
Le, Cheng16 
 
 
1–6, 8–10, 
22, 23, 26–
28 
103 
De Bruyn, Le17 
 
 
24, 25 
103 
De Bruyn, Le, 
Cheng18 
 
 
1–6, 8–10, 
22, 23, 26–
28 
103 
Wright19 
 
 
24, 25 
103 
Wright, Cheng20 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
31 
Substitute Claims: Motion to Amend Denied 
29–44 
Substitute Claims: Not Reached 
 
 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Revised Motion to Amend is 
granted-in-part as to the noncontingent request to cancel claims 1–6, 8–10, 
and 22–28 of the ’048 Patent; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Revised Motion to 
Amend is denied-in-part as to the request to add proposed substitute claims 
29–44 to the ’048 Patent; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
any party to the proceeding seeking judicial review of this Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-01035 
Patent 10,995,048 B2 
32 
PETITIONER: 
James Murphy 
Ryan Murphy 
Robert Balls 
POLSINELLI PC 
jpmurphy@polsinelli.com 
rmurphy@polsinelli.com 
jballs@polsinelli.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Aaron Lukas 
William Coblentz 
COZEN O’CONNOR 
alukas@cozen.com 
wcoblentz@cozen.com