--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 68 
571-272-7822 
Entered: May 11, 2022 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
INCYTE CORPORATION, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
CONCERT PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
Before CHRISTOPHER G. PAULRAJ, ROBERT A. POLLOCK, and 
DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 328(a) 
Denying in Part and Dismissing in Part 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
Dismissing Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64 
 

--- Page 2 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
This is a Final Written Decision in a post-grant review challenging the 
patentability of claims 1–21 (the “challenged claims”) of U.S. Patent No. 
10,561,659 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’659 patent”). We have jurisdiction under 
35 U.S.C. § 6. 
Having reviewed the arguments of the parties and the supporting 
evidence, we find that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance 
of the evidence that each of the challenged claims is unpatentable. 
A. Summary of Procedural History 
Incyte Corporation (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 1, “Pet.”) 
requesting a post-grant review of claims 1–21 of the ’659 patent. Concert 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response (Paper 
11, “Prelim. Resp.”). Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Preliminary 
Response (Paper 17, “Prelim. Reply”) and Patent Owner filed a Preliminary 
Sur-Reply (Paper 19, “Prelim. Sur-Reply”). Based on the record then before 
us, we instituted trial with respect to all challenged claims 1–7 and 9–211. 
Paper 20, 49 (“Dec.”). 
After institution of trial, Patent Owner filed a Request for Rehearing 
(Paper 23), which was denied (Paper 25). Patent Owner filed a Response 
(Paper 37, “Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response 
(Paper 44, “Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply to Petitioner’s 
Reply (Paper 51, “Sur-reply”). 
 
1 Patent Owner disclaimed claim 8 subsequent to filing. See Ex. 2020. 
Hence, claim 8 and the Petition’s Ground 3 challenging only claim 8 are no 
longer at issue in this case. 

--- Page 3 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
3 
Both parties filed motions to exclude evidence and replies in support 
of those motions (Patent Owner: Papers 55, 61; Petitioner: Papers 56, 62). 
Both parties opposed each other’s motions to exclude (Patent Owner: Paper 
59; Petitioner: Paper 60). 
We heard oral argument on February 10, 2022. A transcript of that 
hearing is entered as Paper 67 (“Tr.”). Petitioner bears the burden of 
proving unpatentability of each claim it has challenged by a preponderance 
of the evidence, and the burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent Owner. 
See 35 U.S.C. § 326(e) (2018); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d); Dynamic Drinkware, 
LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). This 
Final Written Decision is issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 328(a) and 37 
C.F.R. § 42.73. 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest for Petitioner. 
Pet. 91. Patent Owner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest for Patent 
Owner. Paper 50, 1. 
C. Related Matters 
As related matters, Petitioner identifies pending U.S. Application No. 
16/704,402, which claims the benefit of priority to U.S. Application No. 
16/098,338, and IPR2017-01256 against Patent Owner’s U.S. Patent No. 
9,249,149. Pet. 91. Patent Owner also identifies U.S. Patent Application 
No. 16/704,402 as a related matter. Paper 50, 1. 
D. The ’659 Patent 
The ’659 patent is entitled “Treatment of Hair Loss Disorders with 
Deuterated JAK Inhibitors” and issued on February 18, 2020. Ex. 1001, 
codes (54), (45). According to the ’659 patent, many current medicines 

--- Page 4 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
4 
suffer from poor adsorption, distribution, metabolism, and/or excretion 
(“ADME”) properties that limit their use for certain indications. Id. at 1:20– 
23. For example, rapid metabolism can cause drugs to be cleared too rapidly 
from the body, decreasing the drugs’ efficacy in treating a disease. Id. at 
1:29–32. Another ADME limitation is the formation of toxic or biologically 
reactive metabolites. Id. at 1:40–41. 
The cytochrome P450 enzyme (“CYP”) is typically responsible for 
the metabolism of drugs. Id. at 1:52–54. As such, the ’659 patent identifies 
deuterium modification as a “potentially attractive strategy for improving a 
drug’s metabolic properties.” Id. at 2:7–8. Deuterium modification involves 
replacing one or more hydrogen atoms of a drug with deuterium atoms in an 
attempt to slow the CYP-mediated metabolism of a drug or to reduce the 
formation of undesirable metabolites. Id. at 2:8–12. Because deuterium 
forms stronger bonds with carbon than hydrogen, in certain cases, that 
stronger bond strength can positively impact the ADME properties of a drug, 
resulting in the potential for improved drug efficacy, safety, and/or 
tolerability. Id. at 2:13–19. 
Ruxolitinib phosphate, a heteroaryl-substituted pyrrolo [2,3-
d]pyrimidine, is an FDA-approved drug for treating patients with 
intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. Id. at 2:51–66. Ruxolitinib also has 
other potential applications, including the treatment of essential 
thrombocytopenia and is currently in clinical trials for the treatment of 
additional conditions. Id. at 2:66–3:5. Thus, according to the Specification, 
“[d]espite the beneficial activities of ruxolitinib, there is a continuing need 
for new compounds to treat the aforementioned diseases and conditions.” 
Id. at 3:3–5. 

--- Page 5 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
5 
The ’659 patent discloses “a method for treating hair loss disorders 
that can be treated by compounds that modulate the activity of Janus 
Associated Kinase 1 (JAKl) and/or Janus Associated Kinase 2 (JAK2).” Id. 
at 3:43–46. The method comprises administering an effective amount of a 
deuterated compound (Compound (I)), or its pharmaceutically acceptable 
salt, once or twice a day, in specific dose ranges. Id. at 3:46–66. The 
method is disclosed as for use in treating the hair loss disorder alopecia 
areata or for generally “inducing hair growth in a subject.” Id. at 3:66–67, 
4:18–20. The level of deuterium incorporation into the drug is disclosed as 
between 52.5% to upwards of 99.5%. Id. at 6:42–52. 
E. Illustrative Claim 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–7, 9–21 of the ’659 patent. Claim 1 is 
illustrative and recites: 
1. A method of treating a hair loss disorder in a mammalian subject, the 
method comprising administering to the subject 16 mg/day or 24 mg/day of 
a compound represented by the following structural formula: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, wherein each position in 
Compound (I) designated specifically as deuterium has at least 95% 
incorporation of deuterium. Ex. 1001, 24:30–53. 

--- Page 6 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
6 
F. Evidence 
The parties rely on the following references and declarations that we 
refer to in this Decision: 
Reference or Declaration 
Date 
Exhibit No. 
Declaration of Dr. Steven Patterson, 
Ph. D. 
Oct. 27, 2020 
1007 
Declaration of Frederick Peter 
Guengerich, Ph. D. 
Nov. 5, 2021 
1120 
Declaration of William Damsky, M.D., 
Ph. D. 
Nov. 12, 2021 
1161 
Declaration of Justin Ko, M.D., M.B.A. 
Aug. 12, 2021 
2059 
Silverman et al., U.S. Patent No. 
9,249,149 B2 (“Silverman”) 
Feb. 16, 2016 
1002 
Xing et al., Alopecia areata is driven by 
cytotoxic T lymphocytes and is reversed 
by JAK inhibition, NAT. MED. 
20(9):043–1049 (“Xing”) 
Aug. 17, 2014 
1003 
Jakafi® (ruxolitinib) Prescribing 
Information, Physicians’ Desk Reference 
1281–1287 (69th ed. 2015) (“Ruxolitinib 
Prescribing Information”). 
Jan. 6, 2015 
1004 
Christiano et al., U.S. Patent No. 
9,198,911 B2 (“Christiano”). 
Dec, 1, 2015 
1005 
Ni et al., U.S. Patent Pub. 2014/0135350 
A1 (“Ni”). 
May 15, 2014 
1006 
 
G. Weight to Give Expert Testimony 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Patterson lacks the requisite experience 
and we should give little weight to his testimony. Patent Owner Motion to 
Exclude, Paper 55 (“PO MTE”); Paper 61, PO Reply to Petitioner’s 
Opposition to Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude (“PO MTE Reply”). 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Patterson’s testimony should be excluded 
“because he is not an expert in deuteration, Janus kinase (‘JAK’) inhibitors, 

--- Page 7 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
7 
or alopecia areata (‘AA’),” “has no prior experience with JAK inhibitors,” 
and has never “dosed humans or done dosing studies in humans.” PO MTE, 
2–3. Patent Owner argues that Dr. Patterson “stated repeatedly that he is just 
a medicinal chemist and that he had to study AA and JAK inhibitors 
specifically for purposes of this case.” Id. at 3 (citing Dr. Patterson’s 
deposition testimony at Ex. 2055 at 26:4–14, 28:19–23, 29:8–13, 30:1–4, 
31:4–7, 79:6–18, 56:25–57:7, 119:9–22). 
Petitioner opposes exclusion, arguing that “Dr. Patterson has a Ph.D. 
in chemistry with over thirty years of experience in drug development, 
including designing and synthesizing thousands of compounds and serving 
as a primary investigator in drug dosing studies.” Petitioner Opposition to 
Patent Owner Motion to Exclude, Paper 59 (citing Ex. 1008, 1; Ex. 2055, 
40:4–41:22, 43:4–22, 48:22–50:2). 
It is not necessary for an expert’s experience or expertise to precisely 
match the art at issue. SEB S.A. v. Montgomery Ward & Co., 594 F.3d 1360, 
1373 (Fed. Cir. 2010). However, one offering expert testimony must at least 
have ordinary skill in the art to provide relevant and reliable testimony that 
is helpful to the factfinder. Kyocera Senco Indus. Tools, Inc. v. ITC, 22 
F.4th 1369, 1376–77 (Fed. Cir. 2022). “The Board has broad discretion to 
assign weight to be accorded expert testimony.” Consolidated Trial Practice 
Guide 35 (available at https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/
tpgnov.pdf?MURL=). Dr. Patterson has a Ph.D. in Chemistry and over 30 
years of experience in drug design, drug administration, evaluation of drug 
effectiveness, and participated in drug design for over 20 years. Ex. 1007 
¶¶ 4–10; Ex. 1008, 1–2. He is author or co-author on over eight peer-
reviewed journal articles involving medicinal chemistry. Ex. 1007 ¶ 5. We 

--- Page 8 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
8 
find this level of skill to meet the qualifications for the level of skill in the 
art under the training and experience portion of the definition we have 
adopted for purposes of this opinion (see § II.B.), reproduced below: 
a Ph.D. in chemistry, pharmaceutical sciences, molecular 
biology, or a similar field, or an M.D. with similar background. 
A POSA would also have had at least several years of experience 
with drug design, drug development, clinical trials, or access to 
other individuals with that knowledge and experience. Likewise, 
a POSA would have had knowledge and experience in treating 
hair loss disorders, or access to a person with that knowledge and 
experience. 
We note that Dr. Patterson himself also proposes this definition. Id. 
¶ 102. However, Dr. Patterson does not have “knowledge and experience in 
treating hair loss disorders” and did not opine that, in regards to his 
testimony, he had access to a person with that knowledge and experience, as 
is proposed in the definition. See generally, Ex. 1007. Accordingly, we find 
Dr. Patterson qualified to opine on the level of ordinary skill with regard to 
issues of drug design, evaluation of effectiveness, and drug administration, 
but we find he is not adequately qualified to opine on the level of ordinary 
skill with regard to issues of treating hair loss disorders. 
 
In reviewing Dr. Patterson’s testimony, as well as the testimony 
provided by the other experts in this proceeding, Dr. Guengerich, 
Dr. Dansky, and Dr. Ko, we consider their opinions on the issues for which 
they are qualified to offer testimony, compare their opinions to the 
disclosures of the prior art references and the challenged patent, and the 
entirety of the evidence of record to weigh each part of their relative opinion 
testimony separately. See Elbit Sys. of Am., LLC v. Thales Visionix, Inc., 
881 F.3d 1354, 1358 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (“The [Patent Trial and Appeal Board 
(‘PTAB’)] [i]s entitled to weigh the credibility of the witnesses.” (citation 

--- Page 9 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
9 
omitted)); Icon Health & Fitness, Inc. v. Strava, Inc., 849 F.3d 1034, 1041 
(Fed. Cir. 2017) (“To the extent [a party] challenges the PTAB’s factual 
findings, ... the PTAB is permitted to weigh expert testimony and other 
record evidence and, in so doing, rely on certain portions of an expert’s 
declaration while disregarding others.”). 
H. Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–7 and 9–21 would have been 
unpatentable on the following grounds: 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–7, 9–21 
103 
Silverman, Xing, 
Ruxolitinib Prescribing 
Information 
1–7, 9–21 
103 
Silverman, Christiano, 
Ni 
 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
Petitioner contends under both grounds that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable based on obviousness. Pet. 2. As set forth in 35 U.S.C. 
§ 103(a), 
[a] patent may not be obtained . . . if the differences between the 
subject matter sought to be patented and the prior art are such 
that the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the 
time the invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in 
the art to which said subject matter pertains. 
The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying factual 
determinations including (1) the scope and content of the prior art; (2) any 
 
2 As all of the filing dates at issue in this case are after March 16, 2013, we 
apply the current versions of 35 U.S.C. §§ 102, 103. 

--- Page 10 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
10 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level 
of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) when in evidence, objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). An 
obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed to the 
specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take account 
of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would employ.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 418 (2007). 
However, Petitioner cannot satisfy its burden of proving obviousness by 
employing “mere conclusory statements.” In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, 
Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2016). Instead, Petitioner must 
articulate a reason why a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
combined the prior art references. In re NuVasive, 842 F.3d 1376, 1382 
(Fed. Cir. 2016); see also Pers. Web Tech., LLC, v. Apple, Inc., 848 F.3d 
987, 993–94 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“[O]bviousness concerns whether a skilled 
artisan not only could have made but would have been motivated to make 
the combinations or modifications of prior art to arrive at the claimed 
invention”) (quoting Belden Inc. v. Berk-Tek LLC, 805 F.3d 1064, 1073 
(Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
The level of skill in the art is a factual determination that provides a 
primary guarantee of objectivity in an obviousness analysis. Al-Site Corp. v. 
VSI Int’l Inc., 174 F.3d 1308, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (citing Graham v. John 
Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966); Ryko Mfg. Co. v. Nu-Star, Inc., 950 
F.2d 714, 718 (Fed. Cir. 1991)). In determining the level of ordinary skill in 
the art, various factors may be considered, including the “type of problems 
encountered in the art; prior art solutions to those problems; rapidity with 

--- Page 11 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
11 
which innovations are made; sophistication of the technology; and 
educational level of active workers in the field.” In re GPAC Inc., 57 F.3d 
1573, 1579 (Fed. Cir. 1995) (citation omitted). 
We consider the asserted grounds of unpatentability in view of the 
understanding of a person of ordinary skill in the art. KSR, 550 U.S. at 399 
(stating that obviousness is determined against the backdrop of the scope and 
content of the prior art, the differences between the prior art and the claims 
at issue, and the level of ordinary skill in the art). Factual indicators of the 
level of ordinary skill in the art include “the various prior art approaches 
employed, the types of problems encountered in the art, the rapidity with 
which innovations are made, the sophistication of the technology involved, 
and the educational background of those actively working in the field.” 
Jacobson Bros., Inc. v. U.S., 512 F.2d 1065, 1071 (Ct. Cl. 1975); see also 
Orthopedic Equip. Co. v. U.S., 702 F.2d 1005, 1011 (Fed. Cir. 1983) 
(quoting with approval Jacobson Bros.). 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have had 
a Ph.D. in chemistry, pharmaceutical sciences, molecular 
biology, or a similar field, or an M.D. with similar background. 
A POSA would also have had at least several years of experience 
with drug design, drug development, clinical trials, or access to 
other individuals with that knowledge and experience. Likewise, 
a POSA would have had knowledge and experience in treating 
hair loss disorders, or access to a person with that knowledge and 
experience. 
Pet. 19–20. 
Patent Owner proposes the same definition as Petitioner, but adds that 
the skilled artisan “would also have had experience in JAK inhibition, 
deuteration, and AA [alopecia areata] formulations, or access to a person 

--- Page 12 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
12 
with that knowledge and experience.” Resp. 15 (citing Ex. 2059 ¶ 14). 
Patent Owner’s expert Dr. Ko critiques Petitioner’s proposed definition as 
“incomplete, because it lacks any requirement for experience, or access to 
individuals with experience, in JAK inhibition, deuteration, and AA 
formulations.” Ex. 2059 ¶ 16. However, neither Dr. Ko nor Patent Owner 
explains what difference this additional direct experience would have 
provided to an artisan with the skill level proposed by Petitioner, particularly 
when Petitioner’s definition includes “experience in treating hair loss 
disorders,” and for which the record contains evidence that existing JAK 
inhibitors such as ruxolitinib had been identified as causing reversal of hair 
loss caused by AA. Ex. 1003, 1043. Accordingly, we adopt Petitioner’s 
proposed definition as consistent with the level of skill apparent in the cited 
prior art. In any event, as Patent Owner does not explain why its alternative 
definition would have any bearing on the outcome of the present case, and as 
we discern no appreciable difference in the parties’ definitions, we note our 
findings and conclusions would be the same regardless of which definition 
were adopted. 
We further note that the prior art itself demonstrates the level of skill 
in the art at the time of the invention. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 
1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific findings regarding 
ordinary skill level are not required “where the prior art itself reflects an 
appropriate level and a need for testimony is not shown”) (quoting Litton 
Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 
1985)). 

--- Page 13 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
13 
C. Claim Construction 
We construe claims using the same claim construction standard that 
would be used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 282(b). 37 C.F.R. § 42.100. Therefore, we construe the challenged claims 
under the framework set forth in Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 
1312–19 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). Under this framework, claim terms are 
given their ordinary and customary meaning, as would have been understood 
by a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”), at the time of the 
invention, in light of the language of the claims, the specification, and the 
prosecution history of record. Id. Only those terms that are in controversy 
need be construed and only to the extent necessary to resolve the 
controversy. See Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co. 
Matal, 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (citing Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. 
Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
We have considered Petitioner’s claim construction proposals (see 
Pet. 21–23), which are uncontested (see generally Resp., not addressing 
construction), and find that it is not necessary to expressly construe any 
claim term for purposes of rendering this Decision. 
D. Whether Silverman is Prior Art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a)(1) 
As a preliminary matter, the parties disagree about whether certain 
disclosures in Silverman are prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a)(1) to the 
’659 patent.3 Grounds 1 and 2 of the Petition allege obviousness using 
 
3 Petitioner previously argued that Silverman was also prior art under 35 
U.S.C. § 102(a)(2), but did not pursue this argument after Patent Owner 
presented evidence that Silverman falls under the common-owner exception 
of § 102(b)(2)(C). See Reply 6–13; Dec. 18; Resp. 17–19; Tr. 45:23–46:9. 
Petitioner now contends only that Silverman is prior art under 35 U.S.C. 

--- Page 14 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
14 
Silverman as the primary reference. Pet. 1–84. Silverman is owned by 
Patent Owner. Ex. 1002 code (71). 
In its arguments for obviousness, Petitioner relies upon a declaration 
of Dr. Vinita Uttamsingh (“the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration”) and an 
accompanying applicant response, which were submitted during prosecution 
of the Silverman patent. In particular, Petitioner cites statements made by 
Dr. Uttamsingh as providing motivation for why a skilled artisan would have 
specifically identified Compound (I) (as recited in claim 1 of the ’659 
patent) from among the large number of compounds disclosed within the 
genus of Formula A recited in Silverman. See, e.g., Pet. 15 (citing Ex. 1045, 
407), 34 (citing Ex. 1045, 377, 416), 40 (citing Ex. 1045, 407, 416). 
In our Decision, we found that Silverman is § 102(a) prior art on its 
face because it issued on February 2, 2016 (Ex. 1002, code (45)), before the 
earliest filing date of any provisional application to which the ’659 patent 
claims priority (Ex. 1001, code (60)). Dec. 14. We concluded Petitioner 
had satisfied its initial burden of production of evidence on this issue, 
shifting the burden of production to Patent Owner to argue or produce 
evidence that Silverman is not prior art. Dynamic Drinkware, 800 F.3d at 
1379. Notably, the burden of persuasion on the ultimate issue of the status 
of Silverman as prior art remains with Petitioner. Id. at 1378–80. 
 
§ 102(a)(1). Reply 6–13. Accordingly, we confine our discussion to this 
issue. 

--- Page 15 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
15 
As the Federal Circuit stated in Dynamic Drinkware, 
the burden of persuasion is on the petitioner to prove 
“unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence,” 35 
U.S.C. § 316(e), and that burden never shifts to the patentee. 
* * * 
A second and distinct burden, the burden of production, or the 
burden of going forward with evidence, is a shifting burden, 
“the allocation of which depends on where in the process of 
trial the issue arises.” The burden of production may entail 
“producing additional evidence and presenting persuasive 
argument based on new evidence or evidence already of 
record.” 
Id. (citations omitted). 
Patent Owner argues that key disclosures in Silverman and its 
prosecution history are not prior art under § 102(a)(1) because they fall 
within the exceptions set forth in § 102(b)(1)(A) and § 102(b)(1)(B). Resp. 
16–28; Reply 1–10. Petitioner responds that the exceptions under 
§ 102(b)(1) apply only to disclosures made 1 year or less before the effective 
filing date from an inventor of a claimed invention. Reply 6. Petitioner 
contends that Patent Owner’s Response did not proffer, and therefore Patent 
Owner has waived, the bases for a § 102(b)(1) exception for Silverman. Id. 
For the reasons that follow, we find, based on our review of the record, that 
certain disclosures of Silverman are not prior art because they fall within the 
exceptions set forth in § 102(b)(1). We disagree with Petitioner’s contention 
that Patent Owner waived any such argument by not identifying appropriate 
support in its post-institution Response. 
1. Legal Background 
35 U.S.C. § 102(a)(1) defines the prior art that will preclude the grant 
of a patent on a claimed invention and states: 

--- Page 16 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
16 
[a] person shall be entitled to a patent unless— 
(1) the claimed invention was patented, described in a 
printed publication, or in public use, on sale, or otherwise 
available to the public before the effective filing date of the 
claimed invention. 
35 U.S.C. § 102(b) sets out exceptions to AIA 35 U.S.C. § 102(a). 
Section 102(b)(1) provides two exceptions to § 102(a)(1) for disclosures 
made within one year of the effective filing date. Specifically, 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(b)(1) provides that a disclosure made one year or less before the 
effective filing date of a claimed invention shall not be prior art under 35 
U.S.C. § 102(a)(1) with respect to the claimed invention if: (A) the 
disclosure was made by the inventor or joint inventor or by another who 
obtained the subject matter disclosed directly or indirectly from the inventor 
or a joint inventor; or (B) the subject matter disclosed had, before such 
disclosure, been publicly disclosed by the inventor or a joint inventor or by 
another who obtained the subject matter disclosed directly or indirectly from 
the inventor or a joint inventor. 35 U.S.C. § 102(b)(1). 
With regard to establishing unpatentability, a petitioner retains the 
burden of persuasion throughout the proceeding. See Dynamic Drinkware, 
800 F.3d at 1378. However, with regard to specific evidence supporting the 
unpatentability challenge, such as the priority date of a reference used to 
establish obviousness, a petitioner shifts the burden of production to dispute 
the effective priority date of a prior art reference to the patent owner by 
alleging obviousness based upon a reference that appears to be prior art on 
its face. Id. at 1379–1380 (burden of production satisfied by assertion of 
anticipation, shifting burden to patent owner); see also Pfizer, Inc. v. 
Genentech, Inc., IPR2017-01488, Paper 27 at 13 (PTAB Dec. 1, 2017) 

--- Page 17 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
17 
(initial burden met where prior-art patents “predate the earliest possible 
priority date shown on the face of the” challenged patent). 
2. Patent Owner’s Arguments Regarding Exceptions to § 102(a)(1) 
Patent Owner contends “the central disclosures of Silverman are not 
prior art under §102(a)(1) because they satisfy the inventor-disclosure 
exceptions in either §102(b)(1)(A) or (B).” Resp. 16. Citing the Manual of 
Patent Examining Procedure (“MPEP”) § 717.01(b)(2), Patent Owner argues 
that the disclosures “apply on a disclosure-by-disclosure basis, and a 
particular disclosure is not considered prior art if it falls under either 
exception.” Id. at 19. Patent Owner argues that three essential disclosures 
of Silverman should be excluded from Silverman as exceptions under 
§ 102(b)(1)(A) and (B): 1) the structure of Compound (I); 2) metabolic 
stability data for Compound (I); and 3) metabolic stability date for other 
deuterated compounds disclosed in Silverman. Id. 
Patent Owner alleges that the structure of Compound (I) was disclosed 
in the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration by an inventor of the ’659 patent. Id. at 
20. As described in our Decision on Institution, the 2015 Uttamsingh 
Declaration was filed during the prosecution of Silverman as evidence of 
nonobviousness. Dec. 15–16. In that Declaration, Compound (I) was 
identified as Compound 111. Ex. 1045, 404. 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Uttamsingh’s disclosure of Compound 
(I) satisfies § 102(b)(1)(B) because Silverman’s disclosure of Compound (I) 
was 1) made on February 2, 2016, which was less than a year before the 
May 4, 2016 filing date of the earliest priority application of the ’659 patent; 
and 2) Exhibit B of the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration disclosed the structure 
of Compound (I). Id. at 21. Patent Owner argues that this disclosure also 

--- Page 18 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
18 
satisfies § 102(b)(1)(A) because the disclosure was made less than a year 
before the May 4, 2016, filing date of the earliest priority application of the 
’659 patent by Dr. Uttamsingh. Id. at 23. 
Patent Owner argues a similar analysis (e.g., the disclosure fits both 
§ 102(b)(1)(A) and § 102 (b)(1)(B)) applies to the data disclosing the 
metabolic stability of Compound (I), as presented in the 2015 Uttamsingh 
Declaration: Silverman’s disclosure of Compound (I) was 1) also made on 
February 2, 2016, less than a year before the filing date of the earliest 
priority application of the ’659 patent; and 2) paragraphs 4–8 and Exhibit E 
of the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration disclosed assay results indicating that 
Compound 111 (a.k.a. Compound (I) as recited in claim 1 of the ’659 patent) 
had improved metabolic stability of 75–80% compared to non-deuterated 
ruxolitinib. Id. at 23 (citing Ex. 1045, 407, 415–416). Both allegedly 
exempted disclosures became public with the publication of the Silverman 
prosecution history on August 27, 2015, prior to the February 2, 2016, 
publication date of Silverman. Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 1046, 1). 
Finally, Patent Owner alleges that the metabolic stability data reported 
in Silverman’s Example 4 and Table 3 regarding deuterated Compounds 
103, 107, and 127 over non-deuterated ruxolitinib, was exempt under both 
§ 102(b)(1)(A) and § 102 (b)(1)(B) because 1) the data was disclosed in 
Silverman on February 2, 2016, less than a year before May 4, 2016, the 
filing date of the earliest priority application of the ’659 patent; and 2) was 
obtained by three inventors of Silverman directly or indirectly from 
Dr. Uttamsingh’s group. Id. at 24–27 (citing various paragraphs of the 
declarations of three inventors of Silverman and Dr. Uttamsingh regarding 
intra-company communications, Exs. 2069–2072). In essence, Patent 

--- Page 19 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
19 
Owner argues Dr. Uttamsingh’s group was the sole source of metabolic 
assays of the type used to create the data of Example 4 and Table 3, and 
because she directed and controlled this research, disclosure to the 
Silverman inventors of the structure and metabolic stability data of 
Compound (I) flowed directly or indirectly from Dr. Uttamsingh. Id. at 26–
27. 
3. Petitioner’s Reply 
Petitioner responds that Patent Owner has failed to meet its burden of 
production to establish the two prerequisites of § 102(b)(1), namely to show 
that the alleged disclosures were made 1 year or less before the effective 
filing date, and that the disclosure was made by an inventor of the claimed 
invention. Reply 6. 
Petitioner argues that because Silverman and the 2015 Uttamsingh 
Declaration were made public more than a year before the ’659 patent’s 
actual filing date of November 1, 2018, the § 102(b)(1) exceptions could 
only apply if Patent Owner showed that each challenged claim was entitled 
to claim priority to the provisional patent application filed on May 6, 2016, 
as stated in Patent Owner’s Response (Resp. 13). Id. at 7. Petitioner argues 
that Patent Owner’s claim to priority is ineffective without a demonstration 
of entitlement, citing Nat. Alternatives Int’l, Inc. v. Iancu, 904 F.3d 1375, 
1380 (Fed. Cir. 2018). Id. at 7–8. 
Petitioner further argues that Patent Owner has not shown that 
Dr. Uttamsingh is an inventor of any challenged claim. Id. at 8. Petitioner 
argues that Dr. Uttamsingh’s deposition testimony confirms that she did not 
invent or conceive any limitation of independent claims 1, 9, and 11, and 
that a different person “conceived all claims in the ’758 provisional, which 

--- Page 20 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
20 
include the limitations of the challenged dependent claims.” Id. at 9 (citing 
Ex. 1172, 25:7–15). Petitioner also argues that Dr. Uttamsingh testified she 
did not invent Compound (I) and could not state whether the structure of the 
compound identified in the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration was drafted by her 
as opposed to counsel. Id. at 10 (citing Ex. 1172, 13:15–19, 50:18–52:7). 
Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s claim of exclusion is too broad 
in seeking to exclude Compound (I) entirely because that compound was 
previously disclosed in published PCT/US2013/045919 (“PCT application”) 
as well as in Silverman. Id. (citing Ex. 1002, 1:6–16; Ex. 1173, 11). 
Moreover, Petitioner argues, even if the compound itself were excluded, 
more specific disclosures such as the 95% deuterated Compound (I) of claim 
1 and other associated concepts including salt forms, timed dosages, and 
effective doses would not be excluded. Id. at 11–12 (citing 78 Fed. Reg. 
11,059, 11,061 (Examination Guidelines for Implementing the First Inventor 
to File Provisions of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act4) (regarding the 
example that where a genus is disclosed, individual species are not per se 
excluded). 
Petitioner also argues that the evidence of record demonstrates that the 
metabolic stability data in Example 4 relating to Compound (I) and two 
other compounds was not generated by Dr. Uttamsingh, but by Patent 
Owner’s staff member Richard Gallegos, who worked under 
Dr. Uttamsingh’s direction. Id. at 12. Petitioner argues that 
Dr. Uttamsingh’s status as director of the laboratory and its metabolic testing 
does not support exemption under § 102(b)(1)(A) because the Silverman 
inventors testified that Mr. Gallegos, not Dr. Uttamsingh, was the source of 
 
4 This has now been codified as MPEP § 2153.02. 

--- Page 21 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
21 
the data’s generation and dissemination. Id. at 12–13 (citing Ex. 2073, 12; 
Ex. 2069 ¶¶ 9–10; Ex. 2072 ¶ 9). 
4. Patent Owner’s Sur-reply 
With regard to the effective filing date of the ’659 patent, Patent 
Owner argues that it was Petitioner’s burden as the party with the ultimate 
burden of persuasion to challenge the priority date of the challenged claims 
in its Petition rather than Patent Owner’s burden to establish support in the 
absence of priority being an issue. PO Sur-reply 2–5 (citing, e.g., Dynamic 
Drinkware, 800 F.3d at 1380). Patent Owner argues that its burden was to 
provide a “chain of priority,” which it did by listing a priority claim on the 
face of the patent. Id. at 4 (citing Ex. 1001, code (60)). Patent Owner 
argues that the cases cited by Petitioner are inapplicable because they regard 
circumstances where the petitioner had already shifted the burden to the 
patent owner. Id. at 4–5. Patent Owner argues that even if Petitioner’s 
belated challenge were considered, Petitioner has not identified the 
information necessary for the challenge, including the claims and features 
allegedly lacking written description support in the priority applications. Id. 
at 5. Patent Owner argues the burden was never shifted to Patent Owner and 
that even if it were shifted, “the claims of the ’659 patent are supported by 
U.S. Provisional Application No. 62/331,827. Compare Ex. 1001 claims 1-
21 with Ex. 2004 at [11]-[20], [31]-[34], [48], [54], [75].” Id. (citing PO 
Prelim. Resp. 8 n2). Patent Owner argues that this citation comparing 
paragraph numbers in the provisional application to the ’659 patent was 
sufficient to provide written description support to the extent the burden was 
shifted to it. Id. at 5–6. 

--- Page 22 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
22 
With regard to inventorship, Patent Owner argues that Petitioner 
waived this argument by not challenging inventorship in its Petition. Id. at 
6. Patent Owner further argues that, in the event inventorship is considered, 
Petitioner retains the burden of persuasion and Patent Owner only has a 
burden of production to provide evidence showing Dr. Uttamsingh is not an 
inventor. Id. at 6. Patent Owner argues that Dr. Uttamsingh’s work satisfies 
the legal standard for inventorship, which is that a joint inventor needs to 
“generally contribute” by “perform[ing] only a part of the task which 
produces the invention.” Id. (citing Trovan, Ltd. v. Sokymat SA, Irori, 299 
F.3d 1292, 1301–1302 (Fed. Cir. 2002)). Patent Owner argues that 
Dr. Uttamsingh’s inventorship oath and other evidence reflecting her 
contributions to the assay used to assess metabolic stability of the 
compounds at issue discharges its burden of production on inventorship. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1001 ¶ 72; Ex. 1047 ¶ 22; Ex. 2069 ¶¶ 6–12; Ex. 1047, 635–40; 
Ex. 1172, 28:14–29:6, 41:9–14, 42:4–6, 48:17–22, 49:12–17). Patent Owner 
argues that Dr. Uttamsingh’s testimony in her deposition did not address the 
correct standard of inventorship and that Dr. Uttamsingh’s omission from 
the list of inventors of the provisional application is harmless error. Id. at 7–
8 (citing E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co. v. MacDermid Printing Solutions, 
525 F.3d 1353, 1360 (Fed. Cir. 2008)). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner should not be permitted to rely 
upon disclosure of Compound (I)’s structure in the PCT application because 
Petitioner confined its allegations in the Petition to Silverman. Id. at 9. 
Patent Owner further argues that if Compound (I) is properly excluded, 
“there is no compound to have uses, doses, or salt forms.” Id. Patent Owner 
further argues that Dr. Uttamsingh’s reliance on Mr. Gallegos to physically 

--- Page 23 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
23 
perform assays does not prevent her from being the inventor on the patent 
and that “information that was gathered and communicated at 
Dr. Uttamsingh’s direction and under her control” should be excluded under 
§ 102(b)(1)(A). Id. at 10 (citing Trovan, 299 F.3d at 1302). Patent Owner 
argues that the declaratory evidence of Dr. Uttamsingh and other Silverman 
inventors attesting that Dr. Uttamsingh was at least an indirect source of the 
metabolic data discharged its burden of production, and that Petitioner failed 
to demonstrate that Dr. Uttamsingh did not provide the relevant data. Id. 
5. Analysis 
a) Priority of the Challenged Claims 
Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner’s Response failed to prove that 
the ’659 patent is entitled to rely on the May 4, 2016, filing date of the ‘827 
provisional, and therefore Patent Owner has waived this argument, which is 
a necessary prerequisite for the exceptions under § 102(b)(1) to apply. 
Reply 6. We analyze below the arguments pertaining to Patent Owner’s 
entitlement to rely on the ’827 provisional filing date.5 
The Petition stated that May 4, 2016, the filing date of the ’827 
provisional, was “the filing date of the ’659 Patent’s earliest priority 
application.” Pet. 3. Because Silverman is § 102(a) prior art on its face, 
 
5 We decline to consider Petitioner’s argument that the disclosure of 
Compound (I) in the published PCT/US2013/045919 provides any basis for 
denying Patent Owner’s claim of exclusion. Reply 10. Petitioner did not 
include this publication in its asserted grounds of unpatentability (Pet. 2) and 
cannot now expand its basis for asserted unpatentability by relying upon an 
altogether different prior art reference. See Intelligent Bio-Sys., Inc. v. 
Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1370 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(determining that a petitioner exceeded the proper scope of a reply by 
relying upon new prior art references to support its unpatentability 
contentions). 

--- Page 24 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
24 
having issued on February 2, 2016 (Ex. 1002, code (45)), Patent Owner’s 
claim to the May 4, 2016, priority date became relevant with Patent Owner’s 
assertion of the § 102(b) defenses in its Patent Owner Preliminary Response 
(“Prelim. Resp.”). Along with raising § 102(b) defenses, Patent Owner 
confirmed its entitlement to this priority claim in the Preliminary Response 
and identified where the ’827 provisional application (Ex. 2004) provided 
written description support for the claims of the ’659 patent: 
[T]he claims of the ’659 patent are supported by U.S. 
Provisional Application No. 62/331,827 (Ex. 2004), the earliest 
provisional application to which the ’659 patent claims priority. 
Compare Ex. 1001 claims 1, 5, 6, with Ex. 2004 at [11], [13], 
[18], [54]; compare Ex. 1001 claims 2, 9, 15, 18, with Ex. 2004 
at [20]; compare Ex. 1001 claims 3, 4, 16, 19, with Ex. 2004 at 
[19]; compare Ex. 1001 claim 7, with Ex. 2004 at [31]; 
compare Ex. 1001 claims 8, 9, 11, 14, with Ex. 2004 at [11], 
[13], [18], [34], [54]; compare Ex. 1001 claim 10, with 
Ex. 2004 at [12], [48], [75]; compare Ex. 1001 claim 12, with 
Ex. 2004 at [12], [18]; compare Ex. 1001 claims 13, 17, 20, 
with Ex. 2004 at [54]; compare Ex. 1001 claim 21, with 
Ex. 2004 at [13]. 
Prelim. Resp. 8 n.2 (citation omitted). See also Tr. 43:3–11 (Patent Owner’s 
counsel arguing filing the ’827 provisional was evidence establishing written 
description support). 
Petitioner then requested a conference with the panel to request 
additional briefing “to address Patent Owner’s arguments regarding the prior 
art status of the Silverman reference,” stating the arguments of exclusion 
under § 102(b) “raise[d] issues that Petitioner could not have reasonably 
anticipated and warrants a Reply.” Ex. 3001. We authorized Petitioner to 
file a Preliminary Reply to Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response and Patent 
Owner to file a Preliminary Sur-Reply. Paper 17. 

--- Page 25 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
25 
In its Preliminary Reply Petitioner did not challenge Patent Owner’s 
argument that the provisional application provided written description 
support for the claims of the ’659 patent or otherwise challenge Patent 
Owner’s priority claim to the ’827 provisional filed May 2016. See 
generally Prelim. Reply. 
Petitioner’s first argument on this issue was its assertion in its post-
institution Reply that, because Patent Owner “has not argued—much less 
established—that any challenged claim is entitled to an earlier filing date” 
(e.g., the May 2016 filing date of the provisional application), the “effective 
filing date [] therefore defaults to the November 1, 2018, ‘actual’ filing date, 
precluding any §102(b)(a) exception.” Reply 7. In this respect, Petitioner 
argues that Patent Owner should not be permitted to rely on its statement of 
support in the priority application made in the Patent Owner Preliminary 
Response because Patent Owner did not include this or another statement of 
support in its post-institution Response. Id. at 6. 
We recognize that our Trial Practice Guide and Scheduling Order 
caution “that any arguments for patentability not raised in the response may 
be deemed waived.” Consolidated Trial Practice Guide 94; Paper 21 
(Scheduling Order), 7. But in this case Petitioner sought—and was 
granted—additional pre-institution briefing on the issue of Patent Owner’s 
§ 102(b) defenses, which provided sufficient opportunity to address Patent 
Owner’s priority claim and the written description support identified in the 
Preliminary Response. Petitioner did not do so in its Preliminary Reply. 
See generally Prelim. Reply. Our Decision on Institution identified issues 
regarding § 102(b) defenses to be addressed at trial based what was 
presented to the Board at the time as disputed issues, which did not include 

--- Page 26 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
26 
the claim for priority to the ’827 provisional application. Dec. 19. Under 
these circumstances, we do not find waiver occurred. 
Petitioner also cites Natural Alternatives for the proposition that a 
patent owner is required to prove entitlement to the priority date. Id. (citing 
Nat. Alternatives, 904 F.3d at 1380). We are not persuaded that the facts of 
Natural Alternatives apply here. In Natural Alternatives, the patent 
challenger first raised the issue that the patent owner’s claim to priority was 
defective in its request for an inter partes reexamination, thereby squarely 
placing the issue under examination. Nat. Alternatives, 904 F.3d at 1378 
(noting that “[t]he request alleged that ‘the asserted claim to priority of the 
’381 Patent is defective’”). The patent owner claimed entitlement to rely on 
its priority claim under § 120. Id. at 1379. The court found that patent 
claims are not entitled without proof of priority simply because of the patent 
owner’s claim of such. Id. 
The facts differ here, where the issue of priority was not relevant until 
Patent Owner first asserted the § 102(b)(1) exceptions in its Preliminary 
Response. In that same paper, however, Patent Owner also stated it intended 
to rely on its claim to priority and provided some information regarding its 
written descriptive support in the provisional application. Prelim. Resp., 8 
n.2. At that point, the burden of production to show that the challenged 
claims were not entitled to the asserted priority date shifted back to 
Petitioner to prove that Patent Owner is not entitled to the benefit of the 
earlier provisional application. See Dynamic Drinkware, 800 F. 3d at 1379–
90 (explaining burden-shifting framework in AIA trial proceedings). 
Petitioner did not produce evidence, through expert testimony or 
otherwise, showing any specific defect in written descriptive support from 

--- Page 27 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
27 
the perspective of a person of skill in the art in the ’827 provisional, and 
merely relies on a general statement that Patent Owner failed in its duty to 
establish the same. Reply 7. In such circumstances, we do not fault Patent 
Owner for failing to repeat arguments in its PO Response that Petitioner did 
not challenge in its Preliminary Reply. For at least the reasons set forth 
above, Petitioner has not established that the challenged claims are not 
entitled to claim priority to the ’827 provisional. 
In addition, regardless of who bears the burden, we independently 
conclude, based on the record before us, that the ’827 provisional provides 
sufficient written descriptive support for the challenged claims. See 
Rovalma, S.A. v. Bohler-Edelstahl GmbH & Co. KG, 856 F.3d 1019, 1027 
(Fed. Cir. 2017) (holding that the Board is not precluded “from relying on 
arguments made by a party and doing its job, as adjudicator, of drawing its 
own inferences and conclusions from those arguments . . . subject, of course, 
to the provision of adequate notice and opportunity to be heard”). 
Independent claim 1 of the ’659 patent recites: 
1. A method of treating a hair loss disorder in a mammalian 
subject, the method comprising administering to the subject 16 
mg/day or 24 mg/day of a compound represented by the 
following structural formula: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 28 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
28 
or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, wherein each 
position in Compound (I) designated specifically as deuterium 
has at least 95% incorporation of deuterium. Ex. 1001, 24:30–
53. 
 
Claims 5 and 6 recite administration of the compound of claim 1 once 
and twice a day, respectively. Paragraphs 11, 13, and 18 of the ’827 
application, reproduced below, provide: 
[11] It has now been found that deuterated analogs of ruxolitinib 
(including Compound (I), also referred to as D8-mxolitinib), are 
useful for the treatment of hair-loss disorders, including alopecia 
areata. Compound (I) is represented by the following structural 
formula: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[13] A first aspect of the invention is a method for treating hair 
loss disorders that can be treated by compounds that modulate 
the activity of Janus Associated Kinase 1 (JAK1) and/or Janus 
Associated Kinase 2 (JAK2). The method comprises 
administering to a subject (e.g., a mammalian subject) an 
effective amount of Compound (I), or a pharmaceutically 
acceptable salt thereof, once or twice per day, wherein the 
amount of Compound (I), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt 
thereof, is in the range of about 4 mg/day to about 50 mg/day, for 
example, about 5 mg/day, about 10 mg/day, about 20 mg/day, 
about 30 mg/day, about 40 mg/day, or about 50 mg/day. In 
certain embodiments, the amount is about 4 mg/day, 8 mg/day, 
16 mg/day, 32 mg/day or 48 mg/day. In certain embodiments, 
the hair loss disorder is alopecia areata. In certain embodiments, 
the subject is a human. Preferably, Compound (I), or a 

--- Page 29 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
29 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, is administered orally 
at any of the foregoing dosages. Preferably, the Compound (I), 
or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, is administered 
orally at any of the foregoing dosages in a pharmaceutical 
formulation which is a tablet. 
[18] A fourth aspect of the invention is a pharmaceutical 
composition comprising Compound (I), in the range of about 4 
mg to about 50 mg (for example, about 5 mg, about 10 mg, about 
20 mg, about 30 mg, about 40 mg, or about 50 mg), or an 
equivalent amount of a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, 
together with a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier or diluent. In 
certain embodiments, the amount of Compound (I), or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, is about 4 mg, 8 mg, 16 
mg, 24 mg, 32 mg or 48 mg. In certain embodiments, the 
pharmaceutical composition is a tablet. 
[54] In other embodiments, a compound of this invention has an 
isotopic enrichment factor for each designated deuterium atom 
of at least 3500 (52.5% deuterium incorporation at each 
designated deuterium atom), at least 4000 (60% deuterium 
incorporation), at least 4500 (67.5% deuterium incorporation), at 
least 5000 (75% deuterium), at least 5500 (82.5% deuterium 
incorporation), at least 6000 (90% deuterium incorporation), at 
least 6333.3 (95% deuterium incorporation), at least 6466. 7 
(97% deuterium incorporation), at least 6600 (99% deuterium 
incorporation), 
or 
at 
least 
6633.3 
(99.5% 
deuterium 
incorporation). 
Ex. 2004 ¶¶ 11, 13, 18, and 54. On their face, the above paragraphs provide 
written descriptive support for a method of treating hair-loss disorders by 
administering a compound of the structure of Compound (I), where the 
deuterium incorporation of each deuterium position is at least 95%, and the 
compound is administered once or twice daily in the ranges of the recited 
treatment amounts. 
 
Claims 2, 9, 15, and 18 recite that the hair loss disorder sought to be 
treated with the method is alopecia areata. Ex. 1001, 24:54–26:39. We find 

--- Page 30 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
30 
support for use of Compound (I) in treating alopecia areata in paragraph 20 
of the ’827 provisional: “[20] Hair loss disorders include, without limitation, 
androgenetic alopecia, alopecia areata, telogen effluvium, alopecia totalis, 
and alopecia universalis.” 
Claims 3, 4, 16, and 19 recite the method of claim 1 wherein 
administration of the compound of claim 1 is by oral administration or in 
tablet form. Ex. 1001, 24:56–60; 26:34–41. We find support for 
administration of Compound (I) orally and in tablet format in paragraph 19 
of the ’827 provisional: “ . . . Preferably, the Compound (I), or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, is administered orally at any of the 
foregoing dosages in a pharmaceutical formulation which is a tablet.” 
Claim 7 recites the method of claim 1 in which any atom of 
Compound (I) “not designated as deuterium is present at its natural isotopic 
abundance.” Ex. 1001, 24:65–66. We find support for the subject matter of 
claim 1, in addition to the previously mentioned paragraphs, in paragraph 31 
of the ’827 provisional: “In one embodiment, any atom not designated as 
deuterium is present at its natural isotopic abundance in Compound (I), or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof.” 
 
Claim 8 recites: 
8. A pharmaceutical composition comprising a pharmaceutically 
acceptable carrier or diluent and 8 mg or 12 mg of a compound 
represented by the following structural formula: 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 31 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
31 
or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, wherein each 
position in Compound (I) designated specifically as deuterium 
has at least 95% incorporation of deuterium. 
Ex. 1001, 25:1–22. Claim 9 recites a method of treating a hair loss disorder 
comprising administering 8 mg of Compound (I) to a subject twice a day, 
wherein each position designated as deuterium (D) has at least 95% 
incorporation of deuterium. Id. at 25:23–46. Claim 11 is identical except 
that the dosage is 12 mg twice a day. Id. at 26:1–23. Claim 14 recites the 
method of claim 1 “wherein the step of administering comprises 
administering to the subject 8 mg twice per day or 12 mg twice per day of 
Compound (I).” Id. at 26:29–31. We find written descriptive support for 
using Compound (I) in the recited amounts in paragraphs 11, 13, 18, and 54 
of the ’827 provisional (copied above), as well as paragraph 34 below: 
[34] The invention also provides pharmaceutical compositions 
comprising an effective amount of Compound (I), or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof; and a pharmaceutically 
acceptable carrier. The carrier(s) are “acceptable” in the sense of 
being compatible with the other ingredients of the formulation 
and, in the case of a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, not 
deleterious to the recipient thereof in an amount used in the 
medicament. 
Ex. 2004 ¶ 34. 
Claim 10 recites the method of claim 9, “wherein Compound (I) is 
administered as 10.5 mg of the phosphate salt twice per day” and claim 12 
recites the same limitations using 15.8 mg of the phosphate salt twice a day. 
Ex. 1001, 25:47–48; 26:24–25. We find written descriptive support for the 
administration of Compound (I) as a phosphate salt in the claimed ranges in 
paragraph 12 of the ’827 provisional below: 
[12] In certain embodiments, Compound (I) is administered as a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt, such as the phosphate salt. 

--- Page 32 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
32 
Compound (I) can be administered in doses in the range of 
about 4 mg to about 50 mg per day (or the equivalent weight 
based on a salt, such as Compound (I) phosphate salt), 
administered as a single daily dose or in divided doses (e.g., 
twice per day). Based on these discoveries, novel therapies 
using Compound (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt 
thereof, for treating a hair loss disorder in a mammalian subject 
are disclosed herein. 
Ex. 2004 at ¶ 12 (see also ¶ 18, reciting administration of salt “ . . . in a 
pharmaceutical composition comprising Compound (I), in the range of about 
4 mg to about 50 mg (for example, about 5 mg, about 10 mg, about 20 mg, 
about 30 mg, about 40 mg, or about 50 mg), or an equivalent amount of a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof.” See also ¶ 48 (effective amounts 
of about 10 mg/day administered in divided doses, twice a day). 
Claims 13, 17, and 20 recite the method of use of Compound (I) in 
respective dosage amounts of 16 mg/day or 24 mg/day (claim 13), 8 mg 
twice a day (claim 17), and 12 mg twice a day (claim 20) wherein each 
deuterated position in Compound (I) has at least 97% deuterium. Ex. 1001 
26:26–44. We find written descriptive support for these claims in paragraph 
54, copied above (reciting an “isotopic enrichment factor for each designated 
deuterium atom of at least . . . at least 6466. 7 (97% deuterium 
incorporation).” Ex. 2004 ¶ 54. 
Claim 21 recites the use of the method of claim 1, where 
administration is of 8 or 12 mg twice a day to a human subject. Ex. 1001, 
26: 45–46. We find support for this claim in paragraph 13 of the ’827 
provisional: 
[13] A first aspect of the invention is a method for treating hair 
loss disorders that can be treated by compounds that modulate 
the activity of Janus Associated Kinase 1 (JAK1) and/or Janus 
Associated Kinase 2 (JAK2). The method comprises 

--- Page 33 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
33 
administering to a subject (e.g., a mammalian subject) an 
effective amount of Compound (I), or a pharmaceutically 
acceptable salt thereof, once or twice per day, wherein the 
amount of Compound (I), or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt 
thereof, is in the range of about 4 mg/day to about 50 mg/day, for 
example, about 5 mg/day, about 10 mg/day, about 20 mg/day, 
about 30 mg/day, about 40 mg/day, or about 50 mg/day. In 
certain embodiments, the amount is about 4 mg/day, 8 mg/day, 
16 mg/day, 32 mg/day or 48 mg/day. In certain embodiments, 
the hair loss disorder is alopecia areata. In certain embodiments, 
the subject is a human. Preferably, Compound (I), or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, is administered orally 
at any of the foregoing dosages. Preferably, the Compound (I), 
or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, is administered 
orally at any of the foregoing dosages in a pharmaceutical 
formulation which is a tablet. 
Ex. 2004 ¶ 13. See also Prelim. Resp. 8 n.2, providing statement of written 
descriptive support. 
In sum, we have examined and are persuaded that, on this record, the 
challenged claims of the ’659 patent have written description support in the 
’827 application. For this reason, we are not persuaded that the outcome of 
this proceeding would be any different had Patent Owner repeated the same 
assertions of written descriptive support in the provisional that it earlier 
stated in the Preliminary Response. Regardless of which party bears the 
burden on this issue, we find we find the challenged claims are entitled to 
the benefit of the May 4, 2016, provisional filing date. As a result, we are 
not persuaded by Petitioner’s argument that Patent Owner’s allegedly 
exempted disclosures under § 102(b) were not made within 1 year or less 
before the effective filing date of the ’659 patent. 

--- Page 34 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
34 
b) Inventorship by Dr. Uttamsingh 
As noted above, Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner has not shown 
Dr. Uttamsingh to be an inventor of any remaining challenged claim, and 
has therefore failed to meet its burden of production to establish a 
§102(b)(1) exception for Silverman. Reply 8–9. We disagree. 
Patent law recognizes a “presumption that [a patent’s] named 
inventors are the true and only inventors.” Acromed Corp. v. Sofamor 
Danek Grp., Inc., 253 F.3d 1371, 1379 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (citing Hess v. 
Advanced Cardiovascular Sys., Inc., 106 F.3d 976, 980 (Fed. Cir. 1997)); 
see also Drone Techs., Inc. v. Parrot S.A., 838 F.3d 1283, 1292 (Fed. Cir. 
2016). “The determination of whether a person is a joint inventor is fact 
specific, and no bright-line standard will suffice in every case.” Fina Oil & 
Chem. Co. v. Ewen, 123 F.3d 1466, 1473 (Fed. Cir. 1997). Inventorship 
requires that an individual “contribute in some significant manner to the 
conception or reduction to practice of the invention,” “make a contribution 
to the claimed invention that is not insignificant in quality, when that 
contribution is measured against the dimension of the full invention, and . . . 
[did] more than merely explain to the real inventors well-known concepts 
and/or the current state of the art.” Pannu v. Iolab Corp., 155 F.3d 1344, 
1351 (Fed. Cir. 1998); Acromed, 253 F.3d at 1379. 
With regard to inventorship, we similarly find that when Patent 
Owner asserted the § 102(b)(1) exceptions, and identified evidence 
indicative of Dr. Uttamsingh’s status as a named inventor, the burden of 
production shifted to Petitioner to prove that Dr. Uttamsingh was not an 
actual inventor of the ’659 patent. Cf. Dynamic Drinkware, 800 F.3d at 
1378–80. We find this burden-shifting to be appropriate given the 

--- Page 35 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
35 
presumption that Dr. Uttamsingh is a properly named inventor on the ’659 
patent. See Williamson v. Citrix Online, LLC, 792 F.3d 1339, 1356–57 (Fed. 
Cir. 2015) (“A ‘presumption’ is a procedural tool that shifts the burden of 
proof on a substantive issue: if a basic fact is established, a court accepts a 
conclusion on the issue unless the presumption is rebutted with evidence that 
meets the presumption’s associated standard of proof.”). But again, 
regardless of the burden, we find that the evidence supports a conclusion that 
Dr. Uttamsingh is a joint inventor of the ’659 patent. 
The record contains presumptive evidence of Dr. Uttamsingh’s 
inventorship, including her name being listed on the face of ’659 patent as 
an inventor and her signed oath of inventorship. Ex. 1001, code (72); 
Ex. 1047, 22. Additionally, Dr. Uttamsingh testified regarding CYP3A4 
Supersome assays, which she had helped develop and that were performed 
under her supervision to assess the metabolic stability of test compounds, 
and that generated the data for the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration submitted 
during prosecution of the Silverman. Ex. 2069 ¶¶ 6–12. This data was 
submitted to overcome an obviousness rejection based on deuteration of 
ruxolitinib, and showed that, relative to ruxolitinib, the metabolic stability of 
Compound 111 was 75% greater than ruxolitinib in the CYP3A4 Supersome 
assay and 80% greater in the human liver microsome assay. Ex. 1045, 407. 
In response to the submission of this data, Silverman issued, claiming 
Compound 111 (Compound (I)) in dependent claim 7.6 Ex. 1045, 459–467. 
See also PO Sur-reply at 7 (citing testimony of Dr. Uttamsingh regarding her 
 
6 The prosecution history reflects resolution of a provisional double 
patenting rejection through a subsequent amendment after final to address a 
double patenting issue. Ex. 1045, 449–457. 

--- Page 36 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
36 
work on assays at Ex. 2069 ¶¶ 6–12; Ex. 1047 at 635–640; Ex. 1172 at 
28:14–29:6, 41:9–14, 42:4–6, 48:17–22, 49:12–17). 
The ’659 patent pursued only Compound 111 of Silverman (as 
Compound (I)) for treatment of hair loss disorders, and lists Dr. Uttamsingh 
as an inventor. Ex. 1047, 20 (Dr. Uttamsingh listed as one of several 
inventors on 2017 Application Data Sheet). On this record, we find that 
Dr. Uttamsingh’s contribution to the claimed subject matter of the ’659 
patent included her work in identifying the metabolic stability of Compound 
111/(I) relative to other compounds disclosed in Silverman, thus singling 
this compound out for future development. See Ex. 2069 ¶¶ 6–12. 
We have reviewed but find unpersuasive Petitioner’s arguments that 
Dr. Uttamsingh is not an inventor because she testified that she did not 
invent any specific limitation of the ’659 patent claims. See Reply 8–9 
(citing Petitioner’s deposition of Dr. Uttamsingh, Ex. 1172 at 13:15–19, 
19:14–22, 21:3–23:10, 25:6–15, 75:7–11). As Patent Owner noted (PO Sur-
reply 7–8), during the deposition, Petitioner did not question Dr. Uttamsingh 
about her overall contributions to the invention, but instead limited questions 
to expressly recited limitations of the provisional patent application claims 
and her knowledge of the contents of the application itself. Id. But patent 
inventorship is not as restrictive as the bounds of Petitioner’s queries 
regarding conception of individual claim limitations. Pannu, 155 F.3d at 
1351 (noting that “Inventors may apply for a patent jointly even though . . . 
each did not make a contribution to the subject matter of every claim of the 
patent.”) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 116). We note that Dr. Uttamsingh is a 
scientist, not a patent attorney, and thus would not necessarily be qualified to 
testify about whether she met the legal standard for inventorship. 

--- Page 37 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
37 
Furthermore, Petitioner’s examination of Dr. Uttamsingh about the 
inventorship statements made within the ’827 provisional do not evoke the 
nature of Dr. Uttamsingh’s contribution to the utility of the compound and 
the claimed treatment method, particularly as they relate to narrowing down 
the field of compounds of the genus of Formula A of Silverman. 
Accordingly, we are not persuaded that Dr. Uttamsingh’s deposition 
testimony undermines her status as an inventor. 
On this record, we find that Dr. Uttamsingh’s contributions in 
discerning metabolically superior compounds, as outlined by the work 
described in her declarations, were “not insignificant in quality, when that 
contribution is measured against the dimension of the full invention,” and 
did “more than merely explain to the real inventors well-known concepts 
and/or the current state of the art.” Pannu, 155 F.3d at 1351. We are not 
persuaded by Petitioner’s argument (Reply 12–13) that Dr. Uttamsingh’s use 
of Mr. Gallegos to perform the assays and communicate with colleagues on 
behalf of Dr. Uttamsingh undercuts the contributions she made that led to 
Patent Owner determining Dr. Uttamsingh is an inventor. Dr. Uttamsingh 
designed the assays that generated the information comprising the 2015 
Uttamsingh Declaration. This declaration and its import in the Silverman 
prosecution is the crux of the disclosure at issue, and not whether it was 
shepherded in stages by or through a colleague or subordinate tasked to 
perform certain experiments or data collection. 
Under these circumstances, we find it reasonable to accord the 
presumption that Dr. Uttamsingh is a properly named joint inventor, 
Acromed, 253 F.3d at 1379, as to all the claims of the ’659 patent. While we 
acknowledge that there is some testimony in the record that Dr. Uttamsingh 

--- Page 38 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
38 
did not invent or contribute to certain portions of the priority application as 
discussed above, the evidence of record does not support Petitioner’s 
contention that Dr. Uttamsingh did not significantly contribute towards the 
subject matter of the challenged claims. Accordingly, we find that Petitioner 
has not carried its burden to overcome the presumption that Dr. Uttamsingh 
is a properly named inventor of the ’659 patent. 
c) Disclosure by Dr. Uttamsingh 
As we determine that Dr. Uttamsingh is an inventor, we now review 
the evidence of record to determine if the statements made within the 2015 
Uttamsingh Declaration are statements made by an inventor that fall within 
the scope of § 102(b)(1). 
Petitioner contends that application of the § 102(b)(1) exceptions 
necessitates a claim-by-claim analysis for effective filing date and 
inventorship (Reply 6), meaning that Dr. Uttamsingh would have had to 
invent the subject matter of each specific claim she disclosed for the 
exception to apply. Petitioner has not pointed us to any authority for this 
proposition. While we recognize that “inventorship is determined on a 
claim-by-claim basis” (Egenera, Inc. v. Cisco Sys., Inc., 972 F.3d 1367, 
1376 (Fed. Cir. 2020), we do not agree that application of § 102(b)(1) is 
required to apply on a claim-by-claim basis in light of the plain language of 
the statute. In particular, § 102(a) includes an exception where “the 
disclosure was made by the inventor or a joint inventor or another who 
obtained the subject matter disclosed directly or indirectly from the inventor 
or joint inventor.” In other words, under the circumstances presented here, 
§ 102(b)(1) does not require Patent Owner to parse the subject matter recited 
in the 2015 Uttamsingh declaration and provide element-by-element 

--- Page 39 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
39 
evidence of Dr. Uttamsingh’s inventive contribution. Rather, it is sufficient 
that Dr. Uttamsingh is a joint inventor of the challenged patent and made the 
disclosures set forth in the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration that later became 
public when the Silverman patent application published. However, because 
Dr. Uttamsingh’s contribution to the patent appears to be elevating 
Compound (I) from the genus of Formula A of Silverman as the most 
promising candidate for future study, we conclude that even under the 
standard Petitioner proposes, Dr. Uttamsingh’s disclosure was a material 
contribution to the invention. We conclude that Dr. Uttamsingh’s 
participation in creating the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration as a joint inventor 
is sufficient to invoke § 102(b)(1). 
The evidence of record shows that the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration 
was made public on August 27, 2015, via publication of Silverman’s file 
history, US2015/0239896. Ex. 1002, 1. This date is less than a year prior to 
the ’659 patent’s earliest priority date, May 4, 2016. Ex. 1001, code (60). 
We therefore conclude that the subject matter recited in the 2015 Uttamsingh 
Declaration is a disclosure by an inventor or joint inventor that falls within 
the scope of § 102(b)(1). 
Next, we determine the scope of the disclosure and the effect of 
exclusion of the disclosure on Silverman. The 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration 
conveyed that Dr. Uttamsingh assessed the metabolic stability of 
Compounds 103, 107, and 111 as part of her assessment of “over 250 
different deuterated compounds and their non-deuterated counterparts” 
during her tenure as Patent Owner’s employee. Ex. 1045, 415. Each of 
these three compounds was within the genus of Silverman’s Formula A, 
disclosed for use in treating hair loss disorders. Ex. 1002, Abstract. The 

--- Page 40 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
40 
structure of the three compounds was disclosed in Exhibit B of the 2015 
Uttamsingh Declaration. Ex. 1045 at 404. Compound 111 is the same as 
Compound (I) recited in the ’659 patent. 
 The results of the assay led Dr. Uttamsingh to conclude that 
Compounds 103, 107, and 111 are “are stabilized, metabolically, relative to 
ruxolitinib” as measured by the assays, with Compound 111 showing the 
highest relative stability. Id. at 414. Dr. Uttamsingh also opined that in her 
testing of the 250 compounds, “a number of the deuterated compounds 
tested showed a decrease in in vitro metabolic stability relative to their non-
deuterated counterpart, even when deuteration was at a known site of 
metabolism.” Id. at 416 (emphasis omitted). 
 The parties did not identify and we did not find any prior cases 
applying the inventor disclosure exceptions of § 102(b)(1). The parties 
reference MPEP § 717.01(b)(2), which provides: 
Where an exception pursuant to § 102(b) is found, 
[o]nly the portion of the third party’s intervening disclosure that 
was previously in an inventor-originated disclosure (i.e., the 
same subject matter) is excepted as prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
102(a). In other words, any portion of the third party’s 
intervening disclosure that was not part of the previous inventor-
originated disclosure is still available for use in a prior art 
rejection. Therefore, examiners should be aware that a 
declaration under 37 CFR 1.130(b) may only disqualify a portion 
of a disclosure that was applied in a rejection in an Office action, 
and that other portions of the disclosure may still be available as 
prior art. For example, if the inventor or a joint inventor had 
publicly disclosed elements A, B, and C, and a subsequent 
intervening U.S. patent, U.S. patent application publication, or 
WIPO published application discloses elements A, B, C, and D, 
then element D of the intervening U.S. patent, U.S. patent 
application publication, or WIPO published application is still 
available as prior art under 35 U.S.C. 102(a)(2). 

--- Page 41 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
41 
MPEP § 717.01(b)(2). The example provided above conforms with our 
interpretation of § 102(b)(1), but does not contemplate the circumstances in 
this case where one of the elements disclosed is one of over 60 related 
molecules within a genus, defined in Silverman as Formula A, shown below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reproduced above is the chemical structure of a compound of the genus of 
Formula A from Silverman, which includes Compounds 103, 111, and 107 
as individual species. See Ex. 1002, code (57). 
Petitioner argues that “when an alleged §102(b)(1) disclosure includes 
a purported broad statement (e.g., genus), it cannot remove more specific 
disclosures (e.g., species) from the prior art.” Reply 11.7 We agree with 
Petitioner that application of § 102(b)(1) should not strike what was part of a 
broader genus from existence, nor should it entirely remove Silverman from 
consideration as § 102(a) art. Reply 11. 
 
7 As discussed in § II.D(3) above, Petitioner cites 78 Fed. Reg. 11,059, 
11,077 (now codified as MPEP § 2153.02). However, we do not read this 
section to support Petitioner’s argument, as the section pertains to whether 
an inventor’s disclosure affects the ability of the species to function as prior 
art, not whether the species itself is separately patentable. 

--- Page 42 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
42 
Applying this principle to the facts in this case, we find that, because 
the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration is a disclosure from an inventor of the 
challenged ’659 patent, application of § 102(b)(1) should result in exclusion 
of the teachings a person of ordinary skill in the art would have gleaned 
from reading Silverman. We find that the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration 
elevated Compounds 103, 107, and 111 from the genus of compounds within 
Formula A of Silverman by disclosing that these compounds have enhanced 
metabolic stability as detected through the Supersome assays. For purposes 
of evaluating Silverman as prior art, we consider the 2015 Uttamsingh 
Declaration and its teachings calling attention to Compounds 103, 107, and 
111 and their enhanced metabolic stability as disclosed in the declaration to 
be excluded from the knowledge of a person of ordinary skill in the art 
reading Silverman. However, all three compounds remain in the genus of 
compounds that fall within Formula A of Silverman. 
E. Asserted Prior Art 
1. Silverman (Ex. 1002)8 
Silverman discloses the compound of formula A or “a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof; pharmaceutical compositions 
comprising the compound; and methods of treating the indications disclosed 
herein.” Ex. 1002, Abstract. Formula A is “novel heteroaryl-substituted 
pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidines, and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof.” 
Id. at 3:25–27. 
 
 
 
8 Consistent with our determination in § II.D.5(c) above, we describe the 
teachings of Silverman absent the disclosures excluded under § 102(b)(1). 

--- Page 43 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
43 
Formula A is reproduced below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A compound of Formula A, above, or a pharmaceutically acceptable 
salt thereof, wherein: 
Y1 is selected from hydrogen and deuterium; 
each Y2 is independently selected from hydrogen and deuterium, 
provided that each Y2 attached to a common carbon is the same; 
each Y3 is independently selected from hydrogen and deuterium, 
provided that each Y3 attached to a common carbon is the same; 
Y4 is selected from hydrogen and deuterium; each Y5 is the same and 
is selected from hydrogen and deuterium; and 
Y6, Y7, Y8, Y9, and Y10 are each independently selected from 
hydrogen and deuterium; provided that when Y1 is hydrogen, each Y2 and 
each Y3 are hydrogen, Y4 is hydrogen, and each of Y6, Y7, Y8, Y9, and Y10 is 
hydrogen, then each Y5 is deuterium. 
Id. at 6:7–42. 
Formula A depicts a chemical structure or a compound obtained by 
deuterium substitution of the drug ruxolitinib phosphate, an eteroaryl-

--- Page 44 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
44 
substituted pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidine, which has been shown to inhibit Janus 
Associated Kinases (JAKs) and is an FDA-approved drug for treating 
patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. Id. at 2:5–20, 2:53–
65, 3:25–32. Ruxolitinib also has other potential applications, including the 
treatment of essential thrombocytopenia, psoriasis, and various forms of 
cancer. Id. at 3:3–6. However, “[d]espite the beneficial activities of 
ruxolitinib, there is a continuing need for new compounds to treat the 
aforementioned diseases and conditions.” Id. at 3:19–21. 
Deuterium substitution of a drug can be performed to enhance its 
metabolic properties by enriching the isotopes by replacing one or more 
hydrogen atoms of the drug with deuterium atoms in an attempt to slow the 
CYP-mediated metabolism of a drug or to reduce the formation of 
undesirable metabolites. Id. at 2:6–10. Because deuterium forms stronger 
bonds with carbon than hydrogen, in certain cases, that stronger bond 
strength can positively impact the ADME properties of a drug, resulting in 
the potential for improved drug efficacy, safety, and/or tolerability. Id. at 
2:11–15. 
Though not all embodiments are detailed, Silverman appears to 
disclose over 60 embodiments of Formula A9 that depict deuterium 
substitutions at a number of specific positions within the structure of 
Formula A. See id. at Tables 1–2 (providing “Exemplary Embodiments of 
Formula 1”). As disclosed above, the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration was 
disclosed to overcome an obviousness rejection based on deuteration of 
ruxolitinib, during prosecution of Silverman. Ex. 1045, 459–467. Data 
 
9 See also Tr. 15:16–17 (Petitioner’s counsel stating Silverman discloses “63 
or something like that species in Silverman of Silverman formula A.”). 

--- Page 45 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
45 
submitted with the declaration showed that, relative to ruxolitinib, the 
metabolic stability of Compound 111 was 75% larger than ruxolitinib in the 
CYP3A4 Supersome assay and 80% larger in the human liver microsome 
assay. Id. at 407. In response to the submission of this data, Silverman 
issued, claiming Compound 111 (Compound (I)) in dependent claim 7. 
Compound (I) is recited in the challenged claims. 
Embodiments of Formula A have “an isotopic enrichment factor for 
each designated deuterium atom” ranging between deuterium incorporation 
of 52.5% to at least 99.5%. Id. at 4:7–17. Silverman discloses compositions 
including Formula A “and the use of such compositions in methods of 
treating diseases and conditions that are beneficially treated by administering 
an inhibitor of Janus-associated kinase with selectivity for subtypes 1 and 2 
(JAK1/JAK2).” Id. at 3:27–32. Compositions can be made using a 
“pharmaceutically acceptable carrier” and may be “presented in unit dosage 
form, e.g., tables, sustained release capsules.” Id. at 16:27, 17:4–5. 
Effective amounts can range from 5 g to 1 mg, and dosing can be daily or 
twice daily. Id. at 20:9–18. Silverman states that “guidance for selecting an 
effective dose can be determined by reference to the prescribing information 
for ruxolitinib.” Id. at 20:25–27. Silverman also discloses that an 
embodiment can include a composition that “further comprises a second 
therapeutic agent . . . selected from any compound or therapeutic agent 
known to have or that demonstrates advantageous properties when 
administered with a compound having the same mechanism of action as 
ruxolitinib” and that the second agent is “useful in the treatment or 
prevention of a disease or condition selected from . . . alopecia areata.” Id. 
at 19:42–50. 

--- Page 46 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
46 
2. Xing (Ex. 1003) 
Xing states “[a]lopecia areata (AA) is a common autoimmune disease 
that results from the damage of hair follicle by T cells.” Ex. 1003, 1043. 
Xing further discloses that systemically administered pharmacological 
inhibitors of Janus Kinase family protein tyrosine kinases prevented the 
development of alopecia areata. Id. Xing states, “[n]otably three patients 
treated with oral ruxolitinib, an inhibitor of JAK1 and JAK2, achieved near 
complete hair regrowth within 5 months of treatment, suggesting the 
potential clinical utility of JAK inhibition in human AA.” Id. To test 
whether inhibition of signal pathways would be therapeutically effective in 
vivo, the authors systemically administered ruxolitinib and tofacitinib. Id. at 
1048. Ruxolitinib was administered to patients orally, 20 mg twice daily. 
Id. The drugs were found to prevent the development of alopecia areata on 
areas where grafting had occurred, signifying a lack of inflammation 
development. Id. Xing states “[t]he clinical response of a small number of 
patients with AA to treatment with the JAK1/2 inhibitor ruxolitinib suggests 
future clinical evaluation of this compound or other JAK protein tyrosine 
kinase inhibitors currently in clinical development is warranted in AA.” Id. 
3. Ruxolitinib Prescribing Information (Ex. 1004) 
Ruxolitinib Prescribing Information (“RPI”), an excerpt from the 
2015 Physician’s Desk Reference, addresses the FDA approved uses of 
ruxolitinib phosphate (Jakafi) to treat myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera. 
Ex. 1004, 1281. RPI discloses the highlights of prescribing information for 
Jakafi or ruxolitinib. Id. RPI also discloses ruxolitinib formulation 
information, pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic data, clinical trial 

--- Page 47 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
47 
results, and dosing recommendations, including the content of ruxolitinib in 
advised doses. Id. at 1282–1287. 
4. Christiano (Ex. 1005) 
Christiano discloses “methods for treating a hair loss disorder in a 
subject by administering a Janus Kinase/Signal Transducers and Activators 
of Transcription inhibitor.” Ex. 1005, Abstract. According to Christiano, 
the inhibitor is a JAK1, JAK2, and/or a JAK3 inhibitor, a Stat1 and/or a 
Stat2 inhibitor, INCB018424 (ruxolitinib) or tofacitinib (CP690550). Id. at 
1:67−2:4. Christiano discloses that alopecia areata is among the hair loss 
disorders targeted for treatment in the method. Id. at 2:4−6. Christiano also 
states, “the method further comprises determining whether the inhibitor 
administered induced hair growth in the subject afflicted with a hair loss 
disorder as compared to the subject’s hair growth prior to treatment with the 
inhibitor.” Id. at 2:9−12. Christiano discloses the treatment of mice with 
JAK3 inhibitors prevents alopecia areata. Ex. 1005, 6:36−37. Christiano 
reports treatment of dermal T cell infiltrates and inflammatory biomarkers 
by immunostaining and by flow cytometry. Id. at 6:38−40 (citing Figures 
33A, 33B). The results showed an association between CD8+ T-cells, 
proinflammatory cytokines (IFN-γ), the JAK-STAT pathway in AA patients, 
and other data supporting the use of JAK inhibitors to treat AA. Id. at 
4:21−12:39. 
5. Ni (Ex. 1006) 
Ni discloses “sustained-release formulations and dosage forms of 
ruxolitinib, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, which are useful in 
the treatment of Janus kinase-associated diseases such as myeloproliferative 
disorders.” Ex. 1006 ¶ 1. “Ruxolitinib . . . is the first FDA approved Janus 

--- Page 48 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
48 
kinase (JAK) inhibitor and is the only drug currently approved for treatment 
of myelofibrosis.” Id. ¶ 2. “To date, all published human clinical data for 
ruxolitinib relate to dosing of an immediate-release formulation.” Id. ¶ 3. 
The “[i]mmediate-release dosage forms of ruxolitinib phosphate can be 
obtained commercially in 5, 10, 15, 20, and 25 mg doses as the drug product 
Jakafi® (ruxolitinib phosphate (tablets)) (NDA no. N202192).” Id. ¶ 124. 
Ni also discloses a bioavailability study “exploring the safety, tolerability, 
and efficacy of ruxolitinib, administered orally to patients with primary 
myelofibrosis (PMF) and post poly cythemia vera/essential 
thrombocythemia myelofibrosis (Post-PV/ET MF).” Id. ¶ 137. The study 
evaluated “two dose levels of 25 mg bid and 50 mg bid,” “five dose 
regimens of 10 mg bid, 25 mg bid, 25 mg qd, 50 mg qd and 100 mg qd,” and 
“six dose regimens of 10 mg bid, 15 mg bid, 25 mg bid, 50 mg qd, 100 mg 
qd and 200 mg qd.” Id. 
F. Ground I – Obviousness over Silverman, Xing, and Ruxolitinib 
Prescribing Information 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–7 and 9–21 under 35 U.S.C. § 103, 
contending the claimed subject matter would have been obvious in view of 
Silverman, Xing, and Ruxolitinib Prescribing Information. Pet. 23–86; 
Reply 13–27. Patent Owner argues these claims are patentable over the 
asserted references. PO Response 28–77; Sur-reply 11–24. We discuss the 
parties’ contentions for each of the claims, but because certain disclosures of 
Silverman are excluded as described above in § II.D.5(c), we summarize 
only those allegations made by Petitioner relating to non-excluded portions 
of Silverman, and Patent Owner’s responsive arguments. 
In light of the exclusions and, given the definition of the ordinary 
level of skill in the art adopted in § II.B. above, we read Petitioner’s 

--- Page 49 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
49 
remaining argument regarding the person of skill in the art’s identification of 
Compound (I) from Silverman to state “Compound (I) was disclosed and 
claimed in Patent Owner’s prior-art Silverman patent . . . , which also 
recognized deuteration as ‘[a] potentially attractive strategy for improving a 
drug’s metabolic properties….’” Pet. 12 (second and third alterations in 
original). We agree that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have found 
deuteration to provide potential metabolic stability vis-à-vis ruxolitinib, and 
would also have recognized that Formula A of Silverman, reproduced 
below, included the embodiment identified as Compound (I) of the ’659 
patent, also reproduced below to the right of Formula A: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Formula A 
 
 
 
Compound (I) 
The structures of Formula A of Silverman and Compound (I) of the ’659 
patent are reproduced above. 
Petitioner contends that Xing discloses the treatment of AA with 
ruxolitinib, and Silverman disclosed that embodiments of Formula A, which 
would include Compound (I), were effective for “treating a disease that is 
beneficially treated by ruxolitinib.” Id. at 27 (citing Ex. 1003, 1043, 1048; 
Ex. 1002, 20:57–59). Therefore, Petitioner argues, the skilled artisan would 
have found it obvious that Compound (I) could be used for treating a hair 
loss disorder. Id. at 26. 

--- Page 50 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
50 
Patent Owner argues that Xing “and a handful of other anecdotal 
reports of hair regrowth in patients taking ruxolitinib” do not teach treatment 
with Compound (I) or at the doses claimed in the patent, and therefore do 
not teach a causal relationship between ruxolitinib administration and 
improvement in AA, which could be due to spontaneous remission. Resp. 
37–38 (citing Ex. 2019 ¶¶ 64–68). Patent Owner also argues that potential 
side effects of JAK inhibitors taught away from their use. Id. at 31–32 
(citing Ex. 2059 ¶ 57; Ex. 2037, 1). 
Petitioner replies that JAK inhibitors like ruxolitinib were, at the time 
of the ’659 patent application, established for treatment of hair loss, with 
limited, if any, side effects in the relevant population. Reply 14–16 (citing 
Ex. 1140, 4; Ex. 1161 ¶ 73). 
Patent Owner’s Sur-reply argues that Petitioner’s data comes from 
anecdotal reports only without sufficient clinical data to support its 
statements of limited side effects. Sur-reply 11. 
On this record, we find that the artisan would have found it obvious to 
use compounds of Formula A from Silverman to treat AA based on 
Silverman’s teaching that deuterated Formula A compounds could be used 
to treat diseases beneficially treated by ruxolitinib and Xing’s success in 
treating AA with ruxolitinib. However, without the benefit of the explicit 
identification of Compound 111 in Silverman based on the data from the 
2015 Uttamsingh Declaration, Petitioner’s argument for how the skilled 
artisan reading Silverman would have identified Compound (I) from the 
genus of Formula A is far different from what we considered at institution. 
Because this issue is potentially dispositive, we first examine the evidence 
remaining in Petitioner’s case for the skilled artisan’s identification of and 

--- Page 51 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
51 
motivation to use Compound (I) and Patent Owner’s arguments in 
opposition. 
Petitioner’s allegations related to obviousness of the challenged 
claims assert that Silverman teaches Compound (I) without explaining how 
Compound (I) was discerned from Formula A of Silverman. See Pet. 26–32, 
69–84.10 With regard to motivation to combine the teachings of Silverman, 
Xing, and RPI, Petitioner states that the skilled artisan 
would have been motivated to use Compound (I), the deuterated 
analog of ruxolitinib from Silverman, to treat AA, which Xing 
taught could be treated with ruxolitinib, to obtain at least the 
same efficacy as ruxolitinib and/or potentially improved 
pharmacokinetic properties in that treatment. 
Id. at 33 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 126–135). The cited testimony by Dr. Patterson 
explains reasons for using a deuterated version of a drug, but does not 
provide reasoning for selecting Compound (I) itself. Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 126–135. 
Petitioner alleges the artisan would have been motivated to orally 
administer tablets of Compound (I) to treat AA because Xing taught that 
orally administered ruxolitinib treated humans with AA. Pet. 33. Petitioner 
alleges Silverman’s express teaching about the benefits of deuteration would 
have led the artisan to choose to use Compound (I) because the artisan 
would have expected equal or better efficacy and improved 
pharmacokinetics. Id. (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 38–43, 126–135). None of these 
allegations, however, including the cited testimony of Dr. Patterson, is 
specific to Compound (I) with regard to other embodiments of Formula A of 
Silverman. Specifically, none of the evidence of record absent the excluded 
 
10 Petitioner discusses Compound (I) and its identification in Silverman, 
along with the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration as background information at 
Pet. 11–15. 

--- Page 52 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
52 
disclosures from the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration explains why Compound 
(I) would have been selected from the genus of Formula A for further study 
in hair-loss treatment. 
Petitioner’s next allegations at Pet. 34 assert that Compound (I) was 
disclosed as useful in treating disease conditions that ruxolitinib is also used 
to treat, and that Compound (I) would have been selected as a natural 
candidate for further investigation in treating AA for reasons that are 
excluded under 
§ 102(b)(1) because they arose from the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration data. 
In a footnote, Petitioner states with relation to the Supersome assays 
performed by Dr. Uttamsingh, that: “Increased metabolic stability would 
have been expected since Compound (I) deuterated ruxolitinib’s known 
‘metabolic hot spots.’” Pet. 34 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 151−15811). 
The 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration did not address selection of 
Compound (I) due to deuteration at metabolic hot spots. However, the cited 
paragraphs of Dr. Patterson’s declaration explaining the motivation for 
selecting Compound (I) largely rely on data from the 2015 Uttamsingh 
Declaration. These paragraphs are reproduced below, without footnotes: 
Claimed Compound (I) (Claims 1−21) 
151. A POSA would have been particularly motivated to 
use Compound (I), which had been disclosed and specifically 
claimed, was deuterated at ruxolitinib’s metabolic hotspots, and 
was reported to have improved metabolic properties in vitro. 
152. A POSA would have been motivated to use claimed 
Compound (I) as it was one of three compounds specifically 
called out in Claim 7 of Silverman, which points to two D4-
ruxolitinib species and D8-ruxolitinib (i.e., claimed Compound 
 
11 Petitioner also cites “Paper 119” that is not of record in this proceeding. 

--- Page 53 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
53 
(I)). As discussed, Silverman identifies the claimed Compound 
(I) as “Compound 111.” 
153. Compound (I) further stood out from the other 
deuterated analogs in Silverman as it was deuterated at 
ruxolitinib’s primary sites of metabolism, i.e., its “metabolic 
hotspots.” The motivation to select a compound deuterated at 
ruxolitinib’s primary sites of metabolism was intuitive: placing 
deuterium at the sites of metabolism increases the impact of the 
KIE (whereas placing it at a location on the molecule that is not 
metabolized would not have been expected to have an effect). 
Indeed, Concert’s marketing materials explicitly directed 
deuterating at hotspots “identified from literature reports of in 
vivo metabolism.” 
154. As shown by Shilling et al., metabolism on 
ruxolitinib’s cyclopentyl ring accounted for the vast majority of 
the compound’s metabolism. For this reason, a POSA would 
have been motivated to use Compound (I), which was deuterated 
exclusively at the cyclopentyl ring. 
155. Data submitted by Concert (in a declaration from 
Dr. Vinita Uttamsingh) during prosecution of Silverman were 
consistent with the expectation of having deuterated ruxolitinib’s 
metabolic hotspots and further pointed a POSA to Compound (I). 
The data showed that Compound (I) was among the compounds 
showing the greatest potential for improvement in metabolic 
stability. Indeed, of the three compounds addressed in 
Dr. Uttamsingh’s declaration, Compound (I) showed the greatest 
potential for improvement in metabolic stability. 
156. More specifically, in the supersome assays submitted 
by Concert, the D4 compounds exhibited half-lives (t1/2) 23% and 
29% longer than ruxolitinib, while the D8 Compound (I) had an 
80% longer t1/2. In the HLM assays, the D4 compounds exhibited 
30% and 25% longer half-livesthan ruxolitinib, while Compound 
(I) had a 75% longer t1/2. 
157. D9-ruxolitinib “Compound 127” in Silverman 
showed numerically greater increase in in vitro stability, relative 
to ruxolitinib, than D8-ruxolitinib (Compound (I)). This would 
not have directed a POSA away from Compound (I), however, 

--- Page 54 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
54 
since the 75−80% t1/2 improvement for the D8 “Compound 111” 
over ruxolitinib is substantial. 
158. Thus, a POSA would have been motivated to use the 
claimed Compound (I) as it stood out from the other compounds 
in Silverman because it (1), was deuterated at ruxolitinib’s 
metabolic hotspots, (2) showed superior in vitro data compared 
to other compounds specifically claimed and (3) was itself 
specifically claimed. 
Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 151–158. As is evident in these paragraphs, the majority of the 
rationale used by Dr. Patterson to explain why a skilled artisan would have 
selected Compound (I) relies on data from the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration. 
The sole rationale that could potentially be separated is that Compound (I) 
was deuterated at ruxolitinib’s metabolic hotspots, and was reported to have 
improved metabolic properties in vitro. Id. ¶¶ 153, 154. However, the same 
is true for compound 127, as shown in Table 1 of Silverman, reproduced 
below, with relation to Formula A, also reproduced below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Formula A 

--- Page 55 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
55 
Ex. 1002, 8:9–30. Table 1 above shows the location of chemical 
modifications of exemplary embodiments of Formula 1 (Ex. 1002, 7:10–24), 
shown above to the right of Table 1. Compound 127 contains a similar 
deuteration profile to Compound 111(I), with one additional deuteration 
location that is absent from Compound 127. With the logic presented about 
the benefits of deuterating the cyclopentyl ring, which “accounted for the 
vast majority of the compound’s metabolism,” the artisan would have been 
motivated to select Compound 127. Ex. 1007 ¶ 154; see also Ex. 1055, 8 
(“The primary metabolic pathways for [ruxolitinib in humans . . . occur[s] on 
the cyclopentyl moiety.”). 
 
Yet, Dr. Patterson explains that the skilled artisan would instead have 
selected Compound 111 because it showed superior metabolic stability in 
Dr. Uttamsingh’s Supersome assays, once again relying on data from the 
excluded disclosures from the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration. Ex. 1007 
¶ 157 (“This would not have directed a POSA away from Compound (I), 
however, since the 75−80% t1/2 improvement for the D8 ‘Compound 111’ 
over ruxolitinib is substantial.”); see also Pet. at 40 (citing 2015 Uttamsingh 
Declaration as further evidence that “[a] POSA would have been further 
motivated to use Compound (I) in place of ruxolitinib based on the 
expectation that gains in metabolic stability were unlikely to be masked in 
vivo by metabolic switching, alternative routes of clearance, or the rate of 
blood flow relative to clearance” (Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 136−147; Ex. 1057, 1–2; 
Ex. 1058, 8; Ex. 1059, 10)). Accordingly, Dr. Patterson’s testimony does 
not provide a sufficient evidentiary basis for a finding that the skilled artisan 
would have pursued use of Compound (I) independent of the information 
provided by the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration. 

--- Page 56 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
56 
 
At oral argument, we asked Petitioner why deuteration provided a 
basis for selecting Compound (I): 
MR. FELDSTEIN: . . . Silverman tells you where the metabolic 
hotspots are on formula A. It tells you that they’re the 2 and 3 
positions and what the art taught and what actually -- if I can 
actually go back to slide 30 for a second, what the art taught and 
it was basically the premise of the prior IPR12 between the parties 
-- a finding was that you would know to deuterate Ruxolitinib's 
metabolic hotspots to achieve improved safety, tolerability, 
efficacy and that’s confirmed here by Dr. Montellano in this case 
as well as Dr. Guengerich and Dr. Patterson . . . . 
 * * * 
JUDGE NEWMAN: . . . Of the compounds disclosed in 
Silverman how many of them are deuterated at that 2 and 3 
position? 
MR. FELDSTEIN: I think Compound 111 using the Silverman 
nomenclature is the only that's deuterated at all eight of those 
positions because there are four 2-positions and there are four 3-
positions (indiscernible) and so there's only one compound that 
has those eight. There's another one, Compound 127 that has all 
nine, looking at our slide 31, there's a Y1- position that's not 
circled. Compound 127 has that ninth turning to deuterium and 
there are multiple versions where the Y2s are deuterated or the 
Y3s are deuterated but not both. Compound 111 is the only one 
where it's eight and just eight. 
JUDGE NEWMAN: So if I'm understanding your argument, 
you're saying that one of skill in the art would naturally be 
looking at those deuterated 2 and 3-positions and selecting which 
compounds to proceed with? 
MR. FELDSTEIN: Correct. It [sic] you deuterate at the 2 and 3-
positions as suggested by the statement in Silverman there’s one 
unique compound that you get out of that and that is in 4 
 
12 We confine the record to evidence presented in this matter and do not 
consider Petitioner’s reference to data presented in a separate proceeding 
between the parties. 

--- Page 57 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
57 
Silverman nomenclature Compound 111, in the ‘659 
nomenclature it's Compound (1). It brings you to a single 
compound. 
Tr. 16:11–18:6. 
When asked, Patent Owner responded to this point by noting that 
Petitioner had not included this argument in its Petition (id. at 49:23–50:1) 
and argued that Silverman did not teach what Petitioner argued: 
MR. CEDRONE: . . . As I understand their argument they rely 
on two sources to make that argument. They rely on a line from 
Silverman itself that talks about active metabolites at the 2- and 
3-position. If you go back and read that paragraph it doesn't 
discuss deuteration at hotspots or anything that would motivate 
a POSA. It simply talks about the fact that there were active 
metabolites stemming from those 2- and 3-positions. 
The other point I would make is they cite in their slides the 
IPR decision discussing deuteration generally but the IPR was 
about synthesis of a compound. The question in this case is not 
synthesis of a compound, would there have been motivation to 
deuterate a compound because maybe it would have superior 
metabolic properties? The question in this case is would you 
select a particular compound from a genus of 60 plus compounds 
to treat a specific disease with specific side effects at specific 
doses and there's nothing in Silverman that gets you there once 
the compound is excluded and especially once the metabolic 
stability data is excluded. 
Id. at 50:2–19. 
The referenced paragraph of Silverman states: 
Three metabolites in humans have been identified as active, that 
resulting from hydroxylation at the 2-position on the cyclopentyl 
moiety, that resulting from hydroxylation at the 3-position on the 
cyclopentyl moiety and the ketone resulting from further 
oxidation at the 3-position on the cyclopentyl moiety. 
Ex. 1002, 3:7–12. 

--- Page 58 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
58 
We do not read this paragraph to provide sufficient motivation to a 
skilled artisan to have selected the disclosed compound with deuteration at 
only the 2- and 3-Y positions. We note that Silverman states in the 
“Background of the Invention” that a 
potentially attractive strategy for improving a drug’s metabolic 
properties is deuterium modification. In this approach, one 
attempts to slow the CYP-mediated metabolism of a drug or to 
reduce the formation of undesirable metabolites by replacing one 
or more hydrogen atoms with deuterium atoms. 
Id. at 2:5–10. However, Petitioner did not argue this as a basis for a skilled 
artisan’s motivation in selecting Compound (I), but merely noted that the 
resultant metabolic stability “would have been expected.” Pet. 34 n.8. 
As Patent Owner argues, Petitioner’s logic for selecting Compound (I) 
in the absence of data from the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration is procedurally 
late, and even the declarants cited in Petitioner’s Reply cite to the 2015 
Uttamsingh Declaration as further evidence supporting their argument for 
selecting Compound (I). See Ex. 1120 ¶ 60; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 157–158. 
Moreover, if deuteration results were entirely predictable, the data in the 
2015 Uttamsingh Declaration would not have been necessary to generate to 
overcome obviousness or in general to assess the performance of the 
compounds. See also, e.g., Ex. 1033, 14 (Discussing the imperfect science 
of deuteration: “[i]t is often falsely assumed that one simply replaces a C−H 
pair that is subject to oxidation with a C−D pair so that stability ensues. This 
naive view is surprisingly pernicious and not one by which practitioners of 
this approach are burdened.”). 
 
We are similarly unpersuaded by Petitioner’s argument that 
motivation can be found where the skilled artisan would have been 
motivated to pursue one compound as one of several potential treatment 

--- Page 59 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
59 
options. Pet. 35 (citing Novartis Pharm. Corp. v. West-Ward Pharm. Int’l 
Ltd., 923 F.3d 1051, 1060 (Fed. Cir. 2019)). The Novartis court considered 
whether the district court applied the correct analysis of a skilled artisan’s 
motivation to combine when considering whether the artisan would have 
been motivated to use a similar compound where a prior compound had been 
found effective in treating disease. 923 F.3d at 1060. Petitioner’s argument 
makes the incorrect distinction as applied here: we agree that, on these facts, 
an ordinary artisan would have been motivated to pursue deuterated 
embodiments of ruxolitinib for use in AA, as supported by the reasoning in 
Novartis. Id. But here Petitioner alleged – and cannot sufficiently support 
without the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration data – why Compound (I) is the 
only one of the similar compounds it selected. No other information or 
argument was presented in the Petition to support a motivation to use 
Compound (I) of the genus of Formula A of Silverman. 
As explained above, Petitioner’s rationale regarding deuteration at 
metabolic hotspots is insufficient alone, and Petitioner is precluded from 
relying on data from the 2015 Uttamsingh Declaration. Accordingly, we 
find that Petitioner has not met its burden to show by a preponderance of the 
evidence that a skilled artisan would have been motivated to select 
Compound (I) for use from among the genus of compounds falling within 
Formula A. For this reason, we find Petitioner has not shown that 
independent claim 1, which recites the use of Compound (I) for treating hair-
loss, is obvious over Silverman, Xing, and RPI. Petitioner’s additional 
arguments related to dependent claims 2–7 and 9–21 rely on the same 
teachings of Silverman. See, e.g., Pet. 69, stating that the disclosures of the 
claims charts “for each dependent claim incorporate those of the 

--- Page 60 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
60 
independent [claim]”, and citing “EX1002, 7:7−8:43, 36:66−37:43 
(disclosing Compound (I) (“compound 111”) for claim 1).” Accordingly, 
we find Petitioner has not shown that claims 2–7 and 9–21, which all recite 
Compound (I), are obvious over Silverman, Xing, and RPI. 
G. Ground 2 – Obviousness over Silverman, Christiano, and Ni 
Petitioner relies on the same teachings from Silverman for its 
allegations of obviousness in Ground 2 as were applied to Ground 1 above. 
Pet. 62, 69–84; Reply 13. As these allegations include the same reasons for 
selecting Compound (I), we find that Petitioner has not met its burden to 
show by a preponderance of the evidence that a skilled artisan would have 
been motivated to select Compound (I) for use from among the 
embodiments of Formula A recited in Silverman. For this reason, we find 
Petitioner has not shown that claims 1–7 and 9–21, which all recite 
Compound (I), are obvious over Silverman, Christiano, and Ni. 
III. MOTIONS 
A. Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
Petitioner moves to exclude Exhibits 2073, 2083, 2084, and certain 
paragraphs from Patent Owner’s expert declarations that rely upon those 
exhibits as unauthenticated hearsay and double hearsay. Papers 56, 62. 
Patent Owner opposes. Paper 59. As we have not relied on any of these 
objected-to exhibits or testimony in rendering this decision, we dismiss this 
motion as moot. 
B. Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
As discussed above in § I.G., we have restricted the weight we assign 
to Dr. Patterson’s testimony to that addressing the level of ordinary skill 
with regard to issues of drug design, evaluation of effectiveness, and drug 

--- Page 61 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
61 
administration. In rendering this decision, we considered Dr. Patterson’s 
testimony for its support for Petitioner’s allegations with regard to the 
alleged motivation to select Compound (I) for use, and assigned the 
testimony appropriate weight based on the developed record. We deny the 
motion. 
Patent Owner also requests exclusion of Ex. 1039 as unauthenticated. 
We do not rely on Ex. 1039 in rendering our decision and dismiss the motion 
as moot with regard to this exhibit. 
IV. CONCLUSION13 
After considering Petitioner’s and Patent Owner’s arguments and 
evidence, we conclude that Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that claims 1–7 and 9–21 of the ’659 patent would have been 
obvious over Silverman, Xing, and Ruxolitinib Prescribing Information, or 
over Silverman, Christiano, and Ni. 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is: 
ORDERED that claims 1–7 and 9–21 of the ’659 patent have not been 
shown to be unpatentable; 
 
13 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
Decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.8(a)(3), 
42.8(b)(2). 

--- Page 62 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
62 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s motion to exclude the 
testimony of Dr. Patterson is denied; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s motion to exclude 
Exhibit 1039 is dismissed as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s motion to exclude Exhibits 
2073, 2083, 2084 and certain paragraphs from Patent Owner’s expert 
declarations that rely upon those exhibits is dismissed as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, as this is a Final Written Decision, a 
party seeking judicial review of the Decision must comply with the notice 
and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
In summary: 
 
 
14 Ground 3 is no longer at issue in this case as Patent Owner filed a 
statutory disclaimer of claim 8 (see Ex. 2020). 37 C.F.R. § 42.207(e). 
Claims14 
 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–7, 9–21 103 
Silverman, Xing, 
Ruxolitinib 
Prescribing 
Information 
 
 
1–7, 9–21 
1–7, 9–21 103 
Silverman, 
Christiano, Ni 
 
1–7, 9–21 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1–7, 9–21 

--- Page 63 ---
PGR2021-00006 
Patent 10,561,659 B2 
 
63 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Thomas Irving 
Mark Feldstein 
Trenton Ward 
Drew Christie 
Catherine Corser 
FINNEGAN, HENDERSON, FARABOW, GARRETT & DUNNER 
Tom.irving@finnegan.com 
Mark.feldstein@finnegan.com 
Trenton.ward@finnegan.com 
Drew.christie@finnegan.com 
Collette.corser@finnegan.com 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Marta Delsignore 
Gerard Cedrone 
GOODWIN PROCTER LLP 
mdelsignore@goodwinprocter.com 
gcedrone@goodwinlaw.com