--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 41 
571-272-7822 
Date: April 19, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
JSR CORPORATION and JSR LIFE SCIENCES, LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
CYTIVA BIOPROCESS R&D AB, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
 
Before ULRIKE W. JENKS, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and 
SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judges. 
JENKS, Administrative Patent Judge. 
JUDGMENT 
Consolidated Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
This is a Final Written Decision in an inter partes review of claims 
1–7, 10–20, and 23–26 (“the challenged claims”) of U.S. Patent No. 
10,213,765 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’765 patent”). We have jurisdiction under 
35 U.S.C. § 6, and enter this Consolidated Final Written Decision pursuant 
to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons set forth below, 
we determine that JSR Corporation and JSR Life Sciences, LLC 
(collectively, “Petitioner”) has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that the challenged claims are unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). 
 
Consolidated Proceedings 
The two captioned proceedings (IPR2022-00036 and IPR2022-00043 
(or “the ’043 IPR”) involve the ’765 patent and challenge the same set of 
claims. The asserted grounds and prior art contentions are different in each 
proceeding. Consolidation is appropriate where, as here, the Board can more 
efficiently handle the common issues and evidence, and also remain 
consistent across proceedings. Under 35 U.S.C. § 315(d), the Director may 
determine the manner in which these pending proceedings may proceed, 
including “providing for stay, transfer, consolidation, or termination of any 
such matter or proceeding.” See also 37 C.F.R. § 42.4(a) (“The Board 
institutes the trial on behalf of the Director.”). There is no specific Board 
Rule that governs consolidation of cases. But 37 C.F.R. § 42.5(a) allows the 
Board to determine a proper course of conduct in a proceeding for any 
situation not specifically covered by the rules and to enter non-final orders to 
administer the proceeding. Therefore, on behalf of the Director under 
§ 315(d), and for a more efficient administration of these proceedings, we 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
3 
consolidate IPR2022-00036 and IPR2022-00043 for purposes of rendering 
this Final Written Decision. 
 
Procedural History 
JSR Corporation and JSR Life Sciences, LLC (collectively, 
“Petitioner”) filed a Petition for an inter partes review of claims the 
challenged claims under 35 U.S.C. § 311 in each proceeding. Paper 11 
(“Pet.”). Petitioner supported the Petition with the Declaration of Dr. Steven 
M. Cramer. Ex. 1002. Cytiva Bioprocess R&D AB (“Patent Owner”) filed a 
Patent Owner Preliminary Response to the Petition. Paper 9 (“Prelim. 
Resp.”). 
On April 21, 2022, pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 314(a), we instituted trial 
(“Decision” or “Dec.” (Paper 10)) to determine whether any challenged 
claim of the ’765 patent is unpatentable. 
In IPR2022-00036, Petitioner asserts the following grounds of 
unpatentability (Pet. 4): 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–4, 12, 14–17, 25 
103(a) 
Linhult, Abrahmsén 
1–7, 10–20, 23–26 
103(a) 
Linhult, Hober 
 
1 We note that the evidence filed in both proceedings is generally consistent 
in having the same exhibit number. Therefore, we reference exhibits and 
paper numbers as they appear in the record of IPR2022-00036, unless 
otherwise noted. 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”) included revisions to 
35 U.S.C. § 103 that became effective on March 16, 2013. Because the ’765 
patent issued from an application claims priority from an application filed 
before March 16, 2013, we apply the pre-AIA versions of the statutory bases 
for unpatentability. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
4 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–7, 10–20, 23–26 
103(a) 
Linhult, Abrahmsén, Hober 
1–7, 10–20, 23–26 
103(a) 
Abrahmsén, Hober 
In IPR2022-00043, Petitioner asserts the following grounds of 
unpatentability (’043 IPR Pet. 4): 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §3 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1-7, 10–20, 23–26 
103(a) 
Berg, Linhult 
2, 3, 15, 16 
103(a) 
Berg, Linhult, Hober 
1, 2, 5–7, 10–15, 18–
20, 23–26 
103(a) 
Berg, Abrahmsén 
2–4, 15–17 
103(a) 
Berg, Abrahmsén, Hober 
Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response to the Petition. Paper 16 
(“PO Resp.”). Patent Owner supported the Response with the Declaration of 
Dr. Daniel Bracewell (Ex. 2025). See PO Resp., iv (Exhibit List). Petitioner 
filed a Reply to the Patent Owner Response. Paper 29 (“Reply”). Petitioner 
supported the Reply with a Reply Declaration from Dr. Steven M. Cramer. 
Ex. 1061. Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply to Petitioner’s Reply. Paper 35 
(“Sur-reply”). 
 
3 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”) included revisions to 
35 U.S.C. § 103 that became effective on March 16, 2013. Because the ’765 
patent issued from an application claims priority from an application filed 
before March 16, 2013, we apply the pre-AIA versions of the statutory bases 
for unpatentability. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
5 
On February 16, 2023, the parties presented arguments at an oral 
hearing. Paper 36. The hearing transcript has been entered in the record. 
Paper 40 (“Tr.”). 
For the reasons set forth below, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–7, 10–20, and 
23–26 of the ’765 patent are unpatentable. 
 
Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself, JSR Corporation and JSR Life Sciences, 
LLC, along with JSR Micro NV, as the real parties-in-interest. Pet. 2. Patent 
Owner identifies itself, Cytiva Bioprocess R&D AB, along with Cytiva 
Sweden AB and Danaher Corporation as real parties-in-interest. Paper 7, 1. 
 
Related Matters 
The ’765 patent is at issue in Cytiva BioProcess R&D et al. v. JSR 
Corp. et al., Civil Action No. 1:21-cv-00310 (D. Del.). Pet. 2; Paper 5, 1. 
In addition to the ’765 patent challenged here, Petitioner has filed 
Petitions for inter partes review of related U.S. patents as follows: U.S. 
Patent No. 10,343,142 B2 (“the ’142 patent”) in IPR2022-00041 and 
IPR2022-00044; and U.S. Patent No. 10,875,007 B2 (“the ’007 patent”) in 
IPR2022-00042 and IPR2022 00045. Pet. 2–3; Paper 7, 1–2. Petitioner 
indicates that the ’142 patent and the ’007 patent are also being asserted in 
the above-cited district court case. Pet. 3. The parties further list a pending 
application in the same family, U.S. App. Serial No. 17/107,600. Pet. 2; 
Paper 7, 2. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
6 
 
Subject matter background 
Antibodies (also called immunoglobulins) are glycoproteins, which 
specifically recognize foreign molecules. These recognized foreign 
molecules are called antigens. Ex. 2001, 1. A schematic representation of the 
structure of a conventional IgG and fragments is shown below: 
 
The figure (Ex. 2001, 2 (Fig. 1)), reproduced above, shows 
the structure of a conventional IgG and fragments that can be 
generated thereof. The constant heavy-chain domains CH1, CH2 
and CH3 are shown in yellow, the constant light-chain domain 
(CL) in green and the variable heavy-chain (VH) or light-chain 
(VL) domains in red and orange, respectively. The antigen 
binding domains of a conventional antibody are Fabs and Fv 
fragments. Fab fragments can be generated by papain digestion. 
Fvs are the smallest fragments with an intact antigen-binding 
domain. They can be generated by enzymatic approaches or 
expression of the relevant gene fragments (the recombinant 
version). In the recombinant single-chain Fv fragment, the 
variable domains are joined by a peptide linker. Both possible 
configurations of the variable domains are shown, i.e. the 
carboxyl terminus of VH fused to the N-terminus of VL and vice 
versa. 
Ex. 2001, 2; see also PO Resp. 5. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
7 
Below is a generic, exemplary schematic that shows how affinity 
purification typically works: 
 
The figure shows the schematic of the loading, contact, and adsorbing step 
onto a column, followed by the wash step, and finally the elution and 
collection of the target compound. Ex. 1002 ¶ 24 (citing Ex. 1014 at §§ 1.1, 
4.2.); see also PO Resp. 7 (“In a typical process, the composition containing 
the desired antibody then is loaded onto (i.e., pumped or injected into) the 
column.”); Pet. 6; see generally Ex. 1014. 
 
The ’765 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’765 patent is titled “Chromatography Ligand Comprising 
Domain C from Staphylococcus Aureus Protein A for Antibody Isolation.” 
Ex. 1001, (54). The ’765 patent relates to an affinity ligand that is used for 
antibody isolation. Id. at 1:39–41. The ’765 patent explains that 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
8 
chromatography is used in large-scale economic production of drugs and 
diagnostics in which proteins are produced by cell culture and then separated 
from the mixture of compounds and other cellular components to a sufficient 
purity. Id. at 1:52–61. One type of chromatography matrix for this purifying 
process includes immunoglobulin proteins, also known as antibodies, such 
as immunoglobulin G (IgG). Id. at 2:4–13. The ’765 patent further explains 
that “[a]s in all process technology, an important aim is to keep the 
production costs low” by reusing matrices via cleaning protocols such as an 
alkaline protocol known as cleaning in place (CIP). Id. at 2:14–29. However, 
harsh treatments may impair the chromatography matrix materials such that 
there is a need for stability towards alkaline conditions for an engineered 
protein ligand. Id. at 2:31–48. 
The ’765 patent discloses that Protein A, known as SPA, is a 
constituent of the cell wall of the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus, and is 
widely used as a ligand in affinity chromatography matrices due to its ability 
to bind with IgG. Id. at 2:49–54. SPA is composed of five domains, 
designated in order from the N-terminus as E, D, A, B, and C, which are 
able to bind to antibodies at the Fc region, and it has been shown that each of 
these domains binds to certain antibodies at the Fab region. Id. at 2:54–63. 
Domain C from SPA is defined by SEQ ID NO: 1 and is reproduced 
below. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
9 
 
Id. at 4:27; 15:1–20. SEQ ID NO: 1 shows Domain C has Glycine (Gly) as 
an amino acid at the position 29 as annotated via red highlighting. According 
to the ’765 patent, it has already been shown “that Domain C can act as a 
separate immunoglobulin adsorbent, not just as part of Protein A” and the 
’765 patent discloses that from experiments, “the present inventors have 
quite surprisingly shown that the SPA Domain C presents a much improved 
alkaline-stability compared to a commercially available Protein A product.” 
Id. at 5:38–40, 51–55. The ’765 patent discloses, “it has been shown that an 
especially alkaline-sensitive deamidation rate is highly specific and 
conformation dependent, and that the shortest deamidation half times have 
been associated with the sequences -asparagine-glycine- and -asparagine-
serine.” Id. at 5:62–66. The ’765 patent then discloses “[q]uite surprisingly, 
the Domain C ligand of the invention presents the herein presented 
advantageous alkaline-stability despite the presence of one asparagine-
glycine linkage between residues 28 and 29” and “[t]hus, in a specific 
embodiment, the chromatography ligand according to the invention 
comprises SPA Domain C, as shown in SEQ ID NO 1, which in addition 
comprises the mutation G29A.” Id. at 5:67–6:3, 6:49–52. The ’765 patent 
discloses that a multimeric chromatography ligand (also denoted a 
“multimer”) can be comprised of at least two Domain C units and that a 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
10 
chromatography matrix can be comprised of ligands coupled to an insoluble 
carrier. Id. at 7:27–29, 8:21–23. The ’765 patent discloses a column study of 
alkaline stability of its Protein A-derived ligands and a testing of the 
Fab binding of its ligands. Id. at 10:32–14:59 (Example 1). The study 
includes using an injection liquid and solution along with human normal 
immunoglobulin as a target compound in chromatography experiments, 
ligand coupling and column packing, adsorbance measurements, washing 
out unbound samples, and eluting bound material. Id. at 11:11–18, 12:25–34, 
13:32–37. 
1. Illustrative Claim 
Claims 1 and 14 are the independent claims challenged by Petitioner 
in this proceeding. Independent claim 1, reproduced below, is illustrative of 
the subject matter: 
1. A chromatography matrix comprising: 
a solid support; and a ligand coupled to the solid support, 
the ligand comprising at least two polypeptides, 
wherein the amino acid sequence of each polypeptide 
comprises at least 55 contiguous amino acids of a modified SEQ 
ID NO. 1, and 
wherein the modified SEQ ID NO. 1 has an alanine (A) 
instead of glycine (G) at a position corresponding to position 29 
of SEQ ID NO. 1. 
Ex. 1001, 15:39–48. Claim 14 is similar to claim 1 but recites “at least 55 
amino acids in alignment with SEQ ID NO. 1” rather than “at least 55 
contiguous amino acids of a modified SEQ ID NO. 1,” and wherein “each 
polypeptide has an alanine (A) instead of glycine (G) at a position 
corresponding to position 29 of SEQ ID NO. 1” rather than “the modified 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
11 
SEQ ID NO. 1 has an alanine (A) instead of glycine (G) at a position 
corresponding to position 29 of SEQ ID NO. 1.” Id. at 16:51–60. 
 
II. ANALYSIS 
 
Principles of Law 
“In an IPR, the petitioner has the burden from the onset to show with 
particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. 
Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. 
§ 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review petitions to identify “with 
particularity . . . the evidence that supports the grounds for the challenge to 
each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent Owner. See 
Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 
(Fed. Cir. 2015) (discussing the burden of proof in inter partes review). 
Petitioner must demonstrate by a preponderance of the evidence4 that 
the claims are unpatentable. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). A 
claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the differences between 
the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that the subject matter, 
as a whole, would have been obvious at the time of the invention to a person 
having ordinary skill in the art. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex, Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 
406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of 
underlying factual determinations, including “the scope and content of the 
prior art”; “differences between the prior art and the claims at issue”; “the 
 
4 The burden of showing something by a preponderance of the evidence 
requires the trier of fact to believe that the existence of a fact is more 
probable than its nonexistence before the trier of fact may find in favor of 
the party who carries the burden. Concrete Pipe & Prods. of Cal., Inc. v. 
Constr. Laborers Pension Tr. for S. Cal., 508 U.S. 602, 622 (1993). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
12 
level of ordinary skill in the art;” and “objective evidence of non-
obviousness.” Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
Accordingly, a party that petitions the Board for a determination of 
unpatentability based on obviousness must show that “a skilled artisan 
would have been motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art 
references to achieve the claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so.” In re 
Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (internal 
quotations and citations omitted). 
 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of skill in the art, we consider the “type of 
problems encountered in the art, [the] prior art solutions to those problems, 
[the] rapidity with which innovations are made, [the] sophistication of the 
technology, and [the] educational level of active workers in the field.” 
Custom Accessories, Inc. v. Jeffrey-Allan Indus. Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 
(Fed. Cir. 1986); Orthopedic Equip. Co. v. United States, 702 F.2d 1005, 
1011 (Fed. Cir. 1983). 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
13 
Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had 
(1) at least an advanced degree (e.g., a Master’s or Ph.D.) in 
biochemistry, process chemistry, protein chemistry, chemical 
engineering, molecular and structural biology, biochemical 
engineering, or similar disciplines; (2) several years of post-
graduate training or related experience (including industry 
experience) in one or more of these areas; and (3) an 
understanding of the various factors involved in purifying 
proteins using chromatography.[] Such a person would have had 
multiple years of experience with affinity ligand design and 
protein purification. 
Pet. 10–11 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 13–14). Patent Owner does not dispute 
Petitioner’s definition of the person of ordinary skill. See generally PO Resp. 
Because Petitioner’s proposed definition is unopposed and appears 
consistent with the Specification and art of record, we apply it here. 
 
Claim Construction 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard that would be 
used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 
37 C.F.R. § 42.200(b) (2021). Under that standard, claim terms “are 
generally given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a 
person of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. 
AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 
Petitioner argues that based on Patent Owner’s implicit construction 
in the district court litigation “the term ‘the ligand comprising at least two 
polypeptides’ refers to a multimeric ligand (such as a tetramer) comprised of 
multiple polypeptides, each of which is a monomer.” Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 
1020 ¶¶ 41, 50, 58, 62, 74, 87). 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
14 
Patent Owner does not contest Petitioner’s construction. See generally 
PO Resp. 
According to the Specification, “a multimeric chromatography ligand 
(also denoted a ‘multimer’) comprised of at least two Domain C units, or a 
functional fragments or variants thereof.” Ex. 1001, 7:27–30. The 
Specification additionally recites that a multimer containing only Domain C 
units can, however, include linkers. Id. at 7:39–41. In addition, the 
Specification describes that “the multimer comprises one or more additional 
units, which are different from Domain C.” Id. at 7:44–45. Based on these 
disclosures in the Specification, a multimer is composed of at least two or 
more monomers. 
Because Petitioner’s construction is consistent with the ’765 patent’s 
express construction of the term, and because Patent Owner does not contest 
Petitioner’s construction, we apply it here. 
 
Overview of Asserted References 
1. Linhult (Ex. 1004) 
Linhult is titled “Improving the Tolerance of a Protein A Analogue to 
Repeated Alkaline Exposures Using a Bypass Mutagenesis Approach.” 
Ex. 1004, 1. Linhult discloses that due to the high affinity and selectivity of 
Staphylococcal protein A (SPA), “it has a widespread use as an affinity 
ligand for capture and purification of antibodies” but that “it is desirable to 
further improve the stability in order to enable an SPA-based affinity 
medium to withstand even longer exposure to the harsh conditions 
associated with cleaning-in-place (CIP) procedures.” Id., Abst. Linhult 
discloses, “[t]o further increase the alkaline tolerance of SPA, we chose to 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
15 
work with Z, which is a small protein derived from the B domain of SPA.” 
Id. at 2. 
Figures 1A and 1B of Linhult are reproduced below. 
 
Figure 1A shows “[a]mino acid alignments of the Z, Z(F30A) and the five 
[naturally occurring] homologous domains (E, D, A, B, and C)” in which the 
horizontal lines indicate amino acid identity and “one glycine in the B 
domain [is] replaced [and] underlined” as annotated by the Board via a red 
box. Id. “Z(F30A), and all mutants thereof includes the same N-terminal as 
Z(F30A)” and “Z(N23T) was constructed with the same N-terminal as Z.” 
Id.5 Figure 1B shows “[t]he three-dimensional structure of the Z domain” 
 
5 The mutation N23T having a change in amino acid correlates with the 
amino acid N next to the “Helix 2” box of Figure 1A as annotated by 
Petitioner. See Pet. 13. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
16 
and “the different substitutions are indicated.” Id. Specifically, Linhult 
discloses, 
[t]he B domain has been mutated in order to achieve a 
purification domain resistant to cleavage by hydroxylamine. An 
exchange of glycine 29 for an alanine has been made in order to 
avoid the amino acid combination asparagine–glycine, which is 
a cleavage site for hydroxylamine.[] Asparagine with a 
succeeding glycine has also been found to be the most sensitive 
amino acid sequence to alkaline conditions.[] Protein Z is well 
characterized and extensively used as both ligand and fusion 
partner in a variety of affinity chromatography systems. 
Id. Using a 0.5 M NaOH cleaning agent and “a total exposure time of 7.5 h 
for Z(F30A) and mutants thereof,” Linhult determines that “N23 seems to be 
very important for the functional stability after alkaline treatment of 
Z(F30A)” and “Z(F30A,N23T) shows only a 28% decrease in capacity 
despite the destabilizing F30A-mutation.” Id. at 4–5; Figs. 2, 3. Linhult 
reports that “[h]ence, the Z(F30A,N23T) is almost as tolerant as Z and is 
thereby the most improved variant with Z(F30A) as scaffold.” Id. at 5; Figs. 
2, 3. 
Linhult further discloses that “Z, Z(F30A), and mutated variants were 
covalently coupled to HiTrap™ affinity columns,” that “[t]he Z domain 
includes 8 asparagines (N3, N6, N11, N21, N23, N28, N43, and N52; 
Fig. 1),” and that “since the amino acid is located outside the structured part 
of the domain, it will most likely be easily replaceable during a 
multimerization of the domain to achieve a protein A–like molecule.” Id. 
at 4. Linhult confirms that “the affinity between Z(F30A) and IgG was 
retained despite the mutation.” Id. In Linhult’s studies, “[h]uman polyclonal 
IgG in TST was prepared and injected onto the columns in excess” and “[a] 
standard affinity chromatography protocol was followed.” Id. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
17 
2. Abrahmsén (Ex. 1005) 
Abrahmsén “relates to a recombinant DNA fragment coding for an 
immunoglobulin G ([]IgG) binding domain related to staphylococcal protein 
A . . . and to a process for cleavage of a fused protein expressed by using 
such fragment or sequence.” Ex. 1005, 1:8–13. Abrahmsén discloses that 
“[b]y making a gene fusion to staphylococcal protein A any gene product 
can be purified as a fusion protein to protein A and can thus be purified in a 
single step using IgG affinity chromatography.” Id. at 1:22–26. Abrahmsén 
explains that Protein A has “5 Asn-Gly in the IgG binding region of 
protein A” which “makes the second passage through the column irrelevant 
as the protein A pieces released from the cleavage will not bind to the IgG.” 
Id. at 1:58–63. Abrahmsén provides a solution to this problem “by adapting 
an IgG binding domain so that no Met and optionally no Asn-Gly is present 
in the sequence.” Id. at 1:64–67. 
Abrahmsén discloses that in a preferred embodiment, “the glycine 
codon in the Asn-Gly constellation has been replaced by an alanine codon.” 
Id. at 2:21–23. In one embodiment, Abrahmsén provides “a recombinant 
DNA sequence comprising at least two Z-fragments” in which “[t]he 
number of such amalgamated Z-fragments is preferably within the range 2–
15, and particularly within the range 2–10.” Id. at 2:27–31. Abrahmsén 
discloses that the recombinant DNA fragment can “cod[e] for any of the E D 
A B C domains of staphylococcal protein A, wherein the glycine codon(s) in 
the Asn-Gly coding constellation has been replaced by an alanine codon.” 
Id. at 2:32–37. According to Abrahmsén, from a computer simulation of the 
Gly to Ala amino acid change, it was “concluded that this change would not 
interfere with folding to protein A or binding to IgG.” Id. at 5:13–16. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
18 
3. Hober (Ex. 1006) 
Hober “relates to . . . a mutant protein that exhibits improved stability 
compared to the parental molecule” and “also relates to an affinity 
separation matrix, wherein a mutant protein according to the invention is 
used as an affinity ligand.” Ex. 1006, 1. Hober discloses that removal of 
contaminants from the separation matrix involves “a procedure known as 
cleaning-in-place (CIP)” but “[f]or many affinity chromatography matrices 
containing proteinaceous affinity ligands,” the alkaline environment “is a 
very harsh condition and consequently results in decreased capacities owing 
to instability of the ligand.” Id. at 1–2. According to Hober, structural 
modifications, such as deamidation and cleavage of the peptide backbone, of 
asparagine and glutamine residues in alkaline conditions is the main reason 
for loss of activity in alkaline solutions and that “the shortest deamidation 
half time have been associated with the sequences -asparagine-glycine and -
asparagine-serine.” Id. at 2. Further, from a study of a mutant of ABD that 
was created, it was concluded that “all four asparagine residues can be 
replaced without any significant effect on structure and function.” Id. at 2–3. 
Hober points out that the SPA contains domains capable of binding to the Fc 
and Fab portions of IgG immunoglobulins from different species and 
reagents of this protein with their high affinity and selectivity have found a 
widespread use in the field of biotechnology. Id. at 3. Accordingly, “there is 
a need in this field to obtain protein ligands capable of binding 
immunoglobulins, especially via the Fc-fragments thereof, which are also 
tolerant to one or more cleaning procedures using alkaline agents.” Id. at 4. 
In one embodiment of Hober, a multimer “comprises one or more of 
the E, D, A, B, and C domains of Staphylococcal protein A” in which 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
19 
“asparagine residues located in loop regions have been mutated to more 
hydrolysis-stable amino acids” for advantageous structural stability reasons 
wherein “the glycine residue in position 29 of SEQ ID NO[]. 1 has also been 
mutated, preferably to, an alanine residue.” Id. at 12. Hober’s SEQ ID NO: 1 
is reproduced below. 
 
Id. at SEQUENCE LISTING 1. SEQ ID NO: 1 shows a domain of 
Staphylococcus aureus having Glycine (Gly) as an amino acid at the 
position 29, as annotated via red highlighting. 
Hober further discloses that its matrix for affinity separation 
“comprises ligands that comprise immunoglobulin-binding protein coupled 
to a solid support, in which protein at least one asparagine residue has been 
mutated to an amino acid other than glutamine.” Id. at 13. For its method of 
isolating an immunoglobulin, Hober discloses “in a first step, a solution 
comprising the target compounds, . . . is passed over a separation matrix 
under conditions allowing adsorption of the target compound to ligands 
present on said matrix” and “[i]n a next step, a second solution denoted an 
eluent is passed over the matrix under conditions that provide desorption, i.e. 
release of the target compound.” Id. at 16. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
20 
 
Obviousness in view of Linhult, Abrahmsén, and Hober 
1. Petitioner’s Contentions 
a) Claims 1 and 146 
Petitioner argues that “Linhult explains that SPA-based 
chromatography matrices have ‘widespread use in the field of biotechnology 
for affinity chromatography purification, as well as detection of antibodies.’” 
Pet. 19 (citing Ex. 1004, 1). Petitioner argues that Linhult teaches using a 
HiTrap™ chromatography affinity column made up of agarose beads that 
serve as a solid support for coupling SPA-based ligands. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1004, 4; Ex. 1002 ¶ 86). “Linhult discloses that its SPA-based ligands 
were ‘coupled to’ the solid support agarose beads [] contained in HiTrap™ 
affinity columns.” Id. at 20 (citing Ex. 1004, 4). Petitioner argues that 
“Linhult discloses that ‘multimerization’ of SPA monomers is performed to 
‘achieve” an “[SPA-]like’ affinity ligand.” Id. (citing Ex. 1004, 4; Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 91–93). Petitioner argues that “Figure 1(a), Linhult describes at least 
55 amino acids of SPA’s naturally-occurring C domain (i.e., SEQ ID NO. 
1).” Id. (citing Ex. 1004, 1, Fig. 1(a); see Ex. 1005, Fig. 2; Ex. 1006, Fig. 1; 
Ex. 1008, 639, Fig. 1). Petitioner argues “that all ‘five SPA domains show 
individual affinity for the Fc-fragment . . . as well as certain Fab-fragments 
of [antibodies] from most mammalian species.” Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 1004, 
1). Petitioner argues that “Abrahmsén teaches a C(G29A)-based SPA 
ligand.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 99–111). 
 
6 Petitioner treats claims 1 and 14 and their corresponding depend claims 
similarly; therefore, our analysis in this Decision groups the claims together. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
21 
Petitioner argues that it was “known that individual SPA domains, 
including the C domain, could be used to construct SPA-based affinity 
ligands for purifying proteins.” Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 29, 101; 
Ex. 1004, 1; Ex. 1006, 12; Ex. 1018 ¶ 29; Ex. 1019, 6:25–34). Petitioner 
argues that “Linhult thus teaches a [person of ordinary skill in the art] that 
avoiding the Asn28-Gly29 dipeptide sequence through a G29A mutation, 
including on the C domain, would yield an SPA-based ligand having 
increased alkali-stability.” Id. at 22 (citing 1002 ¶¶ 100–04; Ex. 1011; 
Ex. 1012; Ex. 1013). Petitioner acknowledges that Linhult “does not 
expressly disclose a C(G29A)-based SPA ligand. Regardless, it would have 
been obvious to a [person of ordinary skill in the art] to modify Linhult 
based on the teachings of Abrahmsén to incorporate a C(G29A)-based SPA 
ligand in a chromatography matrix.” Id. at 23 (Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 99–111). 
Petitioner argues “Abrahmsén expressly discloses ‘a recombinant DNA 
coding for any of the E D A B C domains of [SPA], wherein the glycine 
codon(s) in the Asn[28]-Gly[29] coding constellation has been replaced by an 
alanine codon.’” Id. at 23 (citing Ex. 1005, 2:32–37). 
Petitioner concludes that 
applying the teachings of Abrahmsén with Linhult would have 
involved merely combining known elements in the field (e.g., an 
affinity chromatography matrix comprising a G29A-containing 
ligand coupled to a solid support, as in Linhult, and a C(G29A)-
based amino acid sequence, as in Abrahmsén) according to 
known ligand-construction methods to yield a predictable results 
(e.g., the claimed affinity chromatography matrix). 
Pet. 24. 
Petitioner argues that Abrahmsén “unequivocally discloses including 
a G29A mutation on SPA’s C domain.” Pet. 49 (citing Ex. 1005, 2:32–37, 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
22 
5:13–16; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 222–27). The Petition recognizes that in Abrahmsén 
an IgG chromatography column was used to purify the recombinantly 
produced SPA. Id. In other words, the column matrix had IgG bound to the 
matrix and could capture the recombinantly produced SPA binding domains. 
Petitioner relies on Hober for teaching that the substitution in G29A 
of SEQ ID NO: 1 would have been obvious and to address the conventional 
features set forth in dependent claims. See Pet. 20–26, 48–49. Specifically, 
Petitioner argues that Hober teaches “that naturally-occurring SPA 
‘contain[s] domains capable of binding to the Fc and Fab portions’ of 
antibodies.” Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1006, 3); Ex. 1006, 3 (“An example of such a 
protein [used for affinity chromatography] is staphylococcal protein A, 
containing domains capable of binding to the Fc and Fab portions of IgG 
immunoglobulins from different species.”). Petitioner argues that Hober also 
teaches that the shortest deamidation half lives are seen with sequences that 
contain an Asn-Gly dipeptide. Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1005, 2); Ex. 1002 ¶ 76 
(“Hober teaches that Asn-Gly dipeptide sequences are associated with ‘the 
shortest deamidation half times,’ which is a degradation process that occurs 
at high pH conditions.”), see id. ¶ 141 (deamidation “is a process that 
degrades SPA-based ligands at high pH conditions.”). 
According to Petitioner, “Hober discloses, for example, that ‘SPA-
based affinity medium probably is the most widely-used affinity medium for 
isolation of monoclonal antibodies and their fragments from different 
samples.’” Pet. 50 (citing Ex. 1006, 3). 
Hober states, for example, that SPA-based monomers “can be 
combined into multimeric proteins, such as dimers, trimers, 
tetramers, pentamers etc.” (Ex. 1006, 11; see also Ex. 1005, 
9:14–10:41 (Abrahmsén disclosing Example V on “Construction 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
23 
of Dimeric Z Fragment”).) A [person of ordinary skill in the art] 
would have a good reason to combine the teaching from 
Abrahmsén with the teachings of Hober since multimeric SPA-
based ligands allowed for additional surface area to bind target 
compounds. (Ex. 1002 ¶ 239.) 
Pet. 52–53. Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Cramer explains that using the ligand 
as a multimeric ligand has “the benefits of additional surface area on the 
SPA-based ligand to bind target compounds.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 239 (citing 
Ex. 1032, 560). Abrahmsén discloses that SPA domain C as shown in Figure 
2 (see Ex. 1005 at col. 3:25-35, Fig. 2) has at least 55 contiguous amino 
acids of SEQ ID NO. 1. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 242–244. “Abrahmsén further 
confirms there are no structural integrity concerns in constructing a 
C(G29A)-based SPA ligand by disclosing that incorporation of a G29A 
mutation ‘would not interfere with folding [of SPA] or binding to 
[antibodies].’” Ex. 1002 ¶ 246. 
b) Claims 4 and 17 
With respect to claims 4 and 17, Petitioner argues that the property of 
being “capable” of binding to the Fab fragment of an antibody is an inherent 
property of SEQ ID NO:1 that has the glycine exchanged for the alanine at 
position 29. See Pet. 28. Specifically, Petitioner argues that “Linhult 
discloses that it was well known by 2004 that the five domains of SPA, 
including the C domain, ‘show individual affinity for…certain Fab-
fragments of [antibodies] from most mammalian species.’” Pet. 29 (citing 
Ex. 1004, 1; Ex. 1002 ¶ 125). “Even if the capability to bind the Fab part of 
an antibody is not an inherent property of the claimed C(G29A)-based SPA 
ligand, Linhult discloses this limitation.” Id. Petitioner notes further that 
“dependent claims 4 and 17 permit the incorporation of additional amino 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
24 
acid sequences known to possess the claimed property.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 
¶ 126). 
c) Claims 2, 3, 12, 15, 16, and 25 
With respect to claims 2, 3, 12, 15, 16, and 25, Petitioner directs our 
attention to where in the record the various limitations of the dependent 
claims may be found. See Pet. 25–28, 30. Specifically, Petitioner asserts that 
Linhult describes multimerization of the ligand as recited in claims 2, 12, 15, 
and 25. Pet. 26 (citing Ex. 1004, 410; Ex. 1002 ¶¶112–114), see id. at 30 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 128-129). Because the wild-type C-domain-based 
multimeric ligand inherently possesses the claimed binding-capacity 
property as recited in claims 3 and 16, there is a reasonable expectation that 
a chromatography possessing the C(G29A)-mutation would achieve similar 
binding capacity. Pet. 27–28 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 115–119). 
2. Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner argues that the Petition fails to demonstrate that it 
would have been obvious to make the chromatography matrix as claimed 
(PO Resp. 17–38); that the Petition has not established that there is a 
reasonable expectation of success in arriving at the claimed matrix (id. at 
47–52); that the art teaches away from making the G29A modification (id. at 
38–41); that the artisan would not have been motivated make additional 
mutations (id. at 43–44); and that objective indicia supports a conclusion of 
non-obviousness (id. at 53–53). 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
25 
a) Matrix 
According to Patent Owner, “Petitioners fail to explain why the POSA 
would have been motivated to select Domain C’s amino acid sequence as the 
foundation for an engineered SPA ligand with favorable properties.” 
PO Resp. 18. Specifically arguing that the obviousness analysis requires the 
prior art be viewed as a whole. PO Resp. 20 (citing In re Wesslau, 353 F.2d 
238 (CCPA 1965); In re Enhanced Sec. Rsch., LLC, 739 F.3d 1347, 1355 
(Fed. Cir. 2014); Impax Lab’ys Inc. v. Lannett Holdings Inc., 893 F.3d 1372, 
1379 (Fed. Cir. 2018)). 
Patent Owner argues that because nobody was working on Domain C 
at the time the invention was filed, therefore, the selection of Domain C for 
further development could not possibly be obvious. See PO Resp. 23 
(“Reliance on KSR also is foreclosed by the evidence that no one in the art 
was seeking to modify Domain C.”), see also id. at 24 (“But no prior art 
cited by Petitioners singles Domain C out for further development. Ex. 2025 
¶¶ 89-96”), id. at 26 (“Dr. Cramer [Petitioner’s expert] himself highlights, it 
would have been natural for the POSA to further develop the domain—
Domain B—that was best understood and for which there was a crystal 
structure available. Ex. 1002 ¶ 33; Ex. 2015 at 137:20–138:19; Ex. 2017”), 
id. at 28 (“The notion that this body of work would lead the POSA to discard 
the improved ligands the references themselves focus on, and instead start 
experimenting with mutations to Domain C—strains credulity. Ex. 2025 
¶¶ 92–95”). 
According to Patent Owner, neither Linhult nor Abrahmsén supply the 
motivation to start with Domain C. “Linhult focuses exclusively on, and 
concerns improvements to, the alkaline stability of Domain Z by mutating 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
26 
asparagine residues. See Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 64-67, 92.” PO Resp. 29. “Rather than 
use Domain C, the POSA reviewing Linhult would be motivated to keep 
working with Domain Z, adopting the N23T mutation. Ex. 2025 ¶ 67 & n.3.” 
PO Resp. 30. “Neither Abrahmsén itself nor the Petition provide any reason 
as to why the POSA would have ‘plucked’ Domain C from among the five 
listed SPA domains. WBIP[ LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1337 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016)].” PO Resp. 31. 
b) Reasonable Expectation of Success 
Patent Owner argues that “the field of protein engineering is 
notoriously unpredictable.” PO Resp. 21 (citing Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 50-52). Arguing 
that “despite their supposed structural similarity, there are a number of 
differences between the naturally-occurring domains of protein A, including 
five different amino acids in the sequences of Domain B (with which the 
industry was quite familiar) and Domain C (which remained virtually 
ignored as of the priority date).” Id. at 22 (citing Ex. 2025 ¶ 48). 
Protein engineering is a highly complex and unpredictable field 
and was all the more so as of the priority date more than fifteen 
years ago. See, e.g., Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 50-52. . . . As amply 
demonstrated by the effect of the G29A mutation on Domain Z’s 
Fab-binding ability, even a single amino acid substitution can 
drastically alter the properties of a protein. Ex. 2025 ¶ 52; Ex. 
2015 at 51:15-52:1 ([Dr. Cramer, Petitioner’s expert] agreeing 
that a single amino acid change can have a significant effect on 
a ligand’s binding ability), 18:10-12, 73:16-20. 
PO Resp. 34–35. 
 
Patent Owner argues that 
The Federal Circuit has rejected arguments premised on the 
notion that a homologous structure renders an invention obvious, 
particularly given the difficulty and uncertainty in the art as of 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
27 
the priority date. See, e.g., Amgen, Inc. v. Chugai Pharm. Co., 
927 F.2d 1200, 1208 (Fed. Cir. 1991) (holding the use of a 
monkey gene to probe for a roughly 90 percent “homologous” 
human gene would not have been obvious, particularly given 
expert testimony that isolating a particular gene would have been 
“difficult” and the lack of certainty in the endeavor). 
PO Resp. 36. Specifically, Patent Owner argues that the Fab-binding 
capability of a ligand could not have been predicted and therefore there is no 
reasonable expectation of success. See PO Resp. 38. 
c) Teaching Away 
Patent Owner argues that the prior art would have told the person of 
ordinary skill in the art to avoid a G29A a modification to Domain C. 
PO Resp. 38. In other words, its Patent Owner’s contention is that the prior 
art teaches away from making this modification. “The very G29A amino 
acid substitution Petitioners now suggest the POSA would seek to employ 
with Domain C would have been known to have rendered Fab binding 
‘negligible’ when implemented in Domain B.” PO Resp. 40. Patent Owner 
argues that a person seeking to improve Fab binding one avoid a G29A 
substitution of Domain C. PO Resp. 40–41. 
d) Additional Modifications 
Patent Owner argues that “the prior art would have taught the POSA 
to make asparagine substitutions, not glycine substitutions, to address 
alkaline stability concerns.” PO Resp. 43. In other words, Patent Owner’s 
argues the prior art would have suggested making additional substitutions 
most notably in the asparagine residues of Domain C. Id. at 44. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
28 
e) Inherency 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner cannot rely on inherency to 
circumvent that the combination lacks a reasonable expectation of success. 
PO Resp. 52 (citing Honeywell Int’l Inc. v. Mexichem Amanco Holding S.A. 
DE C.V., 865 F.3d 1348, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2017)). “As Dr. Bracewell [Patent 
Owner’s expert] explains, the POSA did not know and could not have 
known the properties of a modified Domain C ligand, since the effects of 
even single-amino acid substitutions are undisputedly unpredictable and the 
cited art includes absolutely no protein engineering work with Domain C. 
Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 120-122.” PO Resp. 48. According to Patent Owner, because 
nobody was working on domain C the person of ordinary skill in the art “is 
simply left to guess at how such a ligand would perform.” PO Resp. 49 
(citing Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 121–124). Specifically, the person of ordinary skill in the 
art would not know whether a Domain C-G29A mutation would be capable 
of binding Fab part of an antibody. Id. 
f) Unexpected Results 
Patent Owner argues that it was wholly unexpected that the modified 
C(G29A)-based SPA ligand to bind the Fab part. PO Resp. 55. “[T]he SPA 
ligands of the claimed chromatography matrices unexpectedly retained their 
ability to bind to the Fab part of an antibody despite the substitution of an 
alanine for the glycine at position 29 of the Domain C sequence.” PO 
Resp. 55. 
3. Petitioner’s Reply 
In response, Petitioner argues that 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
29 
Abrahmsén and Hober each expressly pointed to a C(G29A) 
mutation (Ex. 1005, 2:32-37; Ex. 1006, 12), which was known to 
increase alkali-stability by avoiding the troublesome Asn28-Gly29 
dipeptide sequence (see, e.g., Ex. 1004, 408). As the Board 
recognized, “Abrahmsén provides motivation for making [the 
G29A] mutation in any of the IgG binding domains.” (Decision, 
24; see also Ex. 1057, 97:3-16 (Dr. Bracewell admitting that 
Abrahmsén discloses a G29A mutation to any of the five 
domains, including Domain C).) 
Reply 2. 
A POSA would have reasonably expected success in combining 
these teachings to achieve the claimed affinity chromatography 
matrix given the well-known fact that each individual domain, 
including Domain C, has affinity for antibodies (Ex. 1004, 407), 
as well as Abrahmsén’s confirmation that G29A “would not 
interfere with folding [of SPA] or binding to [antibodies]” 
(Ex. 1057, 99:13-101:21 Ex. 1005, 5:13-16; Ex. 1002 ¶110). 
Id. at 3. 
Petitioner argues that Patent Owner “has not disputed that Abrahmsén 
disclosed that G29A ‘would not interfere with folding to protein A or 
binding to IgG.’ (Ex. 1005, 2:32-37, 5:4-16; Ex. 1057, 109:20-110:17.) Nor 
does it take issue with its own statements in Hober that G29A is 
advantageous for ‘structural stability reasons.’ (Ex. 1006, 12.)” Id. at 9. 
“Abrahmsén and Hober, which make clear that G29A does not affect the 
ability of an SPA ligand to bind to an antibody. (Ex. 1005, 2:32-37, 5:4-16; 
Ex. 1006, 12.)” Id. at 10. 
Petitioner argues that “a POSA would have started with any one of the 
naturally occurring domains. (Decision, 26-28.) To then increase 
alkali stability, a POSA would have made the simplest, well-known 
substitution: G29A. (Section II.A.1-2; Ex. 1061 ¶¶8-15.)” Reply 11. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
30 
Petitioner argues “that Fab-binding was an inherent feature of a 
C(G29A)-based ligand—which [Patent Owner] does not appear to dispute. 
(Decision, 30; [PO] Resp., 52-53.) In fact, [Patent Owner] acknowledges 
that ‘C(G29A)-based SPA ligands retained substantial Fab-binding ability.’ 
(Resp., 55.)” Id. at 14. 
Petitioner argues that “Fab-binding is not being used [in the Petition] 
as part of a finding of a motivation to combine; rather, it is an inherent 
property [of the composition] being claimed. And necessarily present 
properties do not add patentable weight when they are claimed as 
limitations. In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1357 (Fed. Cir. 2009).” Reply 
15–16. Petitioner further argues that Patent Owner’s reliance on Honeywell 
is misplaced because “Honeywell had to do with an inherent property being 
used as a teaching in an obviousness analysis; it did not involve a limitation 
in the challenged claim reciting an inherent property.” Reply 15 (citing 
Honeywell Int’l Inc. v. Mexichem Amanco Holding S.A. De C.V., 865 F.3d 
1348, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2017); see also Pernix Ireland Pain v. Alvogen Malta 
Operations, 323 F. Supp. 3d 566, 607(D. Del. 2018)). 
4. Patent Owner’s Sur-reply 
Patent Owner argues that “Petitioners, and the Institution Decision, 
overlook an important point of consensus between the parties’ experts: the 
field of protein engineering is notoriously unpredictable.” Sur-reply 2. 
Patent Owner maintains that Petitioner has not identified a motivation to 
start from Domain C. Id. at 3. Patent Owner argues that “Petitioners would 
have the Board look past the multitude of references teaching a preference 
for Domains B and Z—including Petitioners’ foundational references—and 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
31 
seize upon fleeting mentions of Domain C.” Id. at 7 (citing In re Wesslau, 
353 F.2d 238, 241 (C.C.P.A. 1965)”). Patent Owner argues that “[m]ere 
sequence homology does not make the field predictable, as both experts 
observe, Ex. 2015 at 51:15-52:1, 56:4-12, 75:12-22, 73:16-20; Ex. 2025 
¶¶ 50-52; Ex. 2049 at 72:1-73:12, and as the vastly different Fab-binding 
properties of the near-identical Domains B and Z well illustrate, Ex. 2029 at 
8.” Id. at 8–9. 
Patent Owner argues that “Abrahmsén’s computer simulation was of 
unmodified Protein A as a whole, not a Domain C (or G29A-modified) 
monomer or multimer, and thus does not reveal the impact of a G29A 
mutation on protein folding or IgG affinity. Ex. 2025 ¶ 103; Ex. 2049 at 
131:7-10.” Sur-reply 11. 
5. Analysis 
a) Claims 1 and 14 
Claims 1 and 14 of the ’765 patent are directed to a composition. 
Specifically, a chromatography matrix (i.e. a solid support) that has a ligand 
attached, and that ligand is made up of at least two polypeptides comprising 
55 contiguous amino acids of SEQ ID NO: 17 having a G29A mutation. See 
Ex. 1001, 15:39–48. 
Linhult teaches that SPA is a cell surface protein expressed by 
Staphylococcus aureus and consists of five highly homologous domains 
(EDABC). Ex. 1004, 1. Each of “[t]he five SPA domains show individual 
affinity for the Fc-fragment [11 residues of helices 1 and 2 (domain B)], as 
 
7 Wild type amino acid sequence of domain C from Staphylococcus 
protein A (SPA). See Ex. 1001, 4:27, 6:35–36, 6:51–52. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
32 
well as certain Fab-fragments of immunoglobulin G (IgG) from most 
mammalian species.” Id. “Due to the high affinity and selectivity of SPA, it 
has a widespread use as an affinity ligand for capture and purification of 
antibodies.” Ex. 1004, Abst., see also id. at 1 (“SPA has a widespread use in 
the field of biotechnology for affinity chromatography purification, as well 
as detection of antibodies.”). 
Linhult explains that, in column chromatography, sodium hydroxide 
(NaOH) is probably the most extensively used cleaning agent for removing 
contaminants such as nucleic acids, lipids, proteins, and microbes, and a 
cleaning-in-place (CIP) step is often integrated in the protein purification 
protocols using chromatography columns. Ex. 1004, 1. “Unfortunately, 
protein-based affinity media show high fragility in this extremely harsh 
environment, making them less attractive in industrial-scale protein 
purification. SPA, however, is considered relatively stable in alkaline 
conditions.” Id. at 2. Linhult teaches that the combination of “[a]sparagine 
with a succeeding glycine has also been found to be the most sensitive 
amino acid sequence to alkaline conditions.” Id. Linhult teaches that “[a]n 
exchange of glycine 29 for an alanine has been made in order to avoid the 
amino acid combination asparagine–glycine, which is [also] a cleavage site 
for hydroxylamine.” Id. 
Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Cramer explains that the “Z” domain 
referenced in Linhult refers to a synthetic version of the wild-type (i.e., 
natural) B domain of SPA, in which the naturally occurring glycine in the 
Asn28-Gly29 dipeptide sequence is replaced by an alanine residue to create an 
Asn28-Ala29 dipeptide sequence. Ex. 1002 ¶ 30 (citing Ex. 1004, 408, 
Fig. 1(a); Ex. 1007, 109, Fig. 1); ¶ 31 (citing Ex. 1005). 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
33 
We credit Dr. Cramer for establishing that the C domain sequence 
disclosed in Linhult contains 55 amino acids of domain C as recited in SEQ 
ID NO: 1. Ex. 1002 ¶ 97 (showing a sequence alignment), see also id. ¶ 243 
(showing sequence alignment of domain C of Abrahmsén with SEQ ID NO: 
1); see also Ex. 2025 ¶ 41 (Patent Owner’s declarant Dr. Bracewell showing 
SPA sequence alignment for Domains A, B, C, D, E, and Z). 
Linhult teaches making affinity chromatography columns with protein 
Z, Z(F30A), and additional mutated variants. These modified proteins were 
covalently attached to HiTrap™ columns in Linhult using NHS-chemistry. 
Ex. 1004, 4. Human polyclonal IgG was prepared and injected onto the 
columns in excess and “[a] standard affinity chromatography protocol was 
followed.” Id. at 4. Linhult exemplifies using the Z domain and Z domain 
mutants attached to the column for the isolation of IgG from a sample. Id. 
Linhult, therefore, teaches column chromatography matrix that has a SPA 
domain containing a G29A mutation attached to a chromatography matrix. 
According to Abrahmsén, the IgG binding domains of E D A B C 
domains of SPA were known. See Ex. 1005, 3:25–35, 4:34–37, Fig. 2. 
Abrahmsén teaches that the Asn-Gly dipeptide is located in the middle of an 
alpha helix involved in the binding to IgG. Id. 4:56–60; Ex. 2025 ¶ 41 
(showing alpha helix regions in SPA domains). Relying on “computer 
analysis [Abrahmsén] surprisingly showed that the Gly in the Asn-Gly 
dipeptide sequence could be changed to an Ala. This change was not 
obvious as glycines are among the most conserved amino acids between 
homologous protein sequences due to their special features.” Ex. 1005, 
5:7–9. Abrahmsén teaches that “the glycine codon in the Asn-Gly 
constellation has been replaced by an alanine codon.” Id. at 2:21–23. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
34 
Abrahmsén teaches “a recombinant DNA fragment coding for any of the E 
D A B C domains of Staphylococcal protein A, wherein the glycine codon(s) 
in the Asn-Gly coding constellation has been replaced by an alanine codon.” 
Id. at 2:33–37 (emphasis added). Abrahmsén, therefore, provides motivation 
for making this mutation in any one of the IgG binding domains of E D A B 
C domains of SPA. 
Abrahmsén, like Linhult, only exemplifies the cloning and expression 
of the Z-domain, which is a B-domain with a G29A mutation. Ex. 1005, 
7:65–10:56. A references disclosure, however, is not limited only to its 
preferred embodiments, but is available for all that it discloses and suggests 
to one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Lamberti, 545 F.2d 747, 750 (CCPA 
1976); see also In re Susi, 440 F.2d 442, 446 n.3 (CCPA 1971) (disclosed 
examples and preferred embodiments do not constitute a teaching away from 
a broader disclosure or non-preferred embodiments). Here, Abrahmsén 
expressly suggests making the same mutation in any one of the SPA 
domains E D A B C. Ex. 1005, 2:33–37 
Thus, the disclosures of both Linhult and Abrahmsén suggest 
mutating the glycine at position 29 for an alanine in an any one of the SPA 
IgG binding domains of E D A B or C in order to avoid protein degradation 
in alkaline conditions and degradation by hydroxylamine. See Ex. 1004, 2 
(“An exchange of glycine 29 for an alanine has been made in order to avoid 
the amino acid combination asparagine–glycine, which is a cleavage site for 
hydroxylamine. Asparagine with a succeeding glycine has also been found 
to be the most sensitive amino acid sequence to alkaline conditions.”); 
Ex. 1005, 4:56–57 (“The Asn-Gly dipeptide sequence is sensitive to 
hydroxylamine.”); Ex. 1006, 2 (“and the shortest deamidation half times 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
35 
have been associated with the sequences –asparagine–glycine and – 
asparagine–serine”); Reply 3–5; Ex. 1061 ¶¶ 3–6. 
Based on these disclosures, the combined teachings of Linhult and 
Abrahmsén suggest making the G29A mutation in any one of the SPA IgG 
binding domains E, D, A, B, or C. We, therefore, agree with Petitioner that 
attaching any other mutated SPA IgG binding domains E, D, A, or C using 
“known ligand-construction methods to yield a predictable result[] (e.g., the 
claimed affinity chromatography matrix)” would have been obvious. Pet. 24 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 109). As the Federal Circuit has explained, “[w]here a 
skilled artisan merely pursues ‘known options’ from ‘a finite number of 
identified, predictable solutions,’ the resulting invention is obvious under 
Section 103.” In re Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride Extended-Release 
Capsule Patent Litig., 676 F.3d 1063, 1070 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (quoting KSR, 
550 U.S. at 421). 
Accordingly, we agree with Petitioner that the combination of Linhult 
and Abrahmsén expressly suggests mutating the glycine codon for an 
alanine codon in any one of the SPA IgG binding domains E, D, A, B, or C. 
Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 99–111). 
We address Patent Owner’s contentions below. 
(1) Matrix 
We do not find Patent Owner’s argument that the Petition fails to 
identify a reason to select domain C persuasive. PO Resp. 17–30. 
Specifically, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s contention that just 
because nobody was working on Domain C at the time the invention was 
filed, therefore, selection of Domain C cannot be obvious. See PO Resp. 31 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
36 
(“A general recognition that there exist five naturally occurring protein A 
domains is not a motivation to use each of them as a starting point for the 
claimed mutations”). 
Petitioner’s articulated obviousness ground is premised on the 
knowledge that any one of the five SPA IgG binding domains are known to 
bind IgG and can function as a ligand for the purification of antibodies. 
Linhult and Abrahmsén both expressly suggest that the glycine codon at 
position 29 can be mutated for an alanine codon in any one of the SPA IgG 
binding domains E, D, A, B, or C. Ex. 1004, 2; Ex. 1005, 2:32–37. The SPA 
IgG binding domains comprise a short list of 5 members: E, D, A, B, or C. 
Of these 5 members, the glycine at position 29 in Domain B has already 
been mutated to an alanine to create a Domain Z which has been shown to 
retain IgG binding activity. Ex. 1004, 6 (Fig. 3). Figure 1A of Linhult is 
reproduced below. 
 
Linhult’s Figure 1A, reproduced above, shows the amino acid alignments of 
the Z, Z(F30A) and the five homologous domains (E, D, A, B, and C). The 
three boxes show the α-helices. Ex. 1004, 2; Ex. 1005, Fig. 2. 
As discussed in our Institution Decision (Dec. 26–27), “it is fair to say 
that there were ‘a finite number of identified, predictable solutions’ to the 
problem of finding” a SPA IgG binding domain that is resistant to protein 
degradation by mutating the glycine at position 29 for an alanine and this is 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
37 
a “product not of innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense.” See 
Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. v. Cadbury Adams USA LLC, 683 F.3d 1356, 1364-65 
(Fed. Cir. 2012) (quoting KSR, 550 U.S. at 421). It is well established that 
[s]tructural relationships may provide the requisite motivation or 
suggestion to modify known compounds to obtain new 
compounds. For example, a prior art compound may suggest its 
homologs because homologs often have similar properties and 
therefore chemists of ordinary skill would ordinarily contemplate 
making them to try to obtain compounds with improved 
properties. 
In re Deuel, 51 F.3d 1552, 1558 (Fed. Cir. 1995). Here, Linhult and 
Abrahmsén show that the IgG binding domains of SPA – E, D, A, B, or C 
share many structural similarities. See Ex. 1004, 2 (Fig. 1(a) (reproduced 
above)); Ex. 1005, 3:25–35. 
There is also an express teaching in both Linhult and Abrahmsén to 
mutate the glycine at position 29 to an alanine in order to prevent 
degradation of the protein and increase stability, which supports the 
obviousness of incorporating the mutation into any IgG binding domain that 
has the Asn-Gly dipeptide. See, e.g., SIBIA Neurosciences, Inc. v. Cadus 
Pharm. Corp., 225 F.3d 1349, 1358–59 (Fed. Cir. 2000) (stating that an 
express teaching in the prior art suggesting a particular modification 
establishes obviousness). 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of 
the evidence that the combined teachings of Linhult and Abrahmsén 
suggests the use of any one of the SPA IgG binding domains E, D, A, B, or 
C as the starting ligand for purifying IgG antibodies, and that making the 
G29A mutation in any one of the domains would have been obvious because 
it would provide ligands that are less susceptible to alkaline conditions and 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
38 
are resistant to hydroxylamine cleavage. Pet. 21–25; Reply 3–5; Ex. 1061 
¶¶ 8–11; Ex. 1004, 2; Ex. 1005, 2:32–37. 
(2) Reasonable Expectation of Success 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s contention that there is no 
reasonable expectation of success in using a G29A mutation in Domain C. 
PO Resp. 39–40; 47–53. 
Linhult explains that removing the asparagine–glycine amino acid 
combination not only results in the removal of the hydroxylamine cleavage 
site but also creates a product that is more alkaline resistant. See Ex. 1004, 2 
(“An exchange of glycine 29 for an alanine has been made in order to avoid 
the amino acid combination asparagine–glycine, which is a cleavage site for 
hydroxylamine. Asparagine with a succeeding glycine has also been found 
to be the most sensitive amino acid sequence to alkaline conditions.”). 
Abrahmsén teaches that this Asn-Gly amino acid combination is 
present in all five IgG biding domains and that mutating the dipeptide would 
not interfere with IgG biding. Ex. 1005, 4:56–58 (“The Asn-Gly dipeptide 
sequence is sensitive to hydroxylamine. As this sequence is kept intact in all 
five IgG binding domains of protein A. . . . However, by simulating the Gly 
to Ala amino acid change in the computer we concluded that this change 
would not interfere with folding to protein A or binding to IgG.”). 
Abrahmsén’s conclusion that the mutation would not interfere with biding to 
IgG is supported by Linhult (see Ex. 1004, 6 (Fig. 3)) and Jansson.8 
 
8 Patent Owner cites Jansson for the position that Domain Z has negligible 
binding to Fab. See PO Resp. 39–40. Claims 1 and 14 are not limited to Fab 
binding, indeed the claims do not even require IgG binding. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
39 
Jansson’s Fig. 3, reproduced below, shows a side-by-side comparison of 
Fc1*, Fab, and scFv binding. 
 
Jansson Figure 3 (Panel A), reproduced above, shows that the single G29A 
mutation between Domain B and Domain Z results in a protein that is able to 
bind IgG.9 Comparing panel A–B column with panel A–Z column, the 
relative binding capacity in both columns remains close to 50% for both, 
indicating that the G29A mutation does not interfere with IgG binding. 
Ex. 2009, 6. This is a result already predicted by Abrahmsén’s computer 
modeling and substantiated by Linhult. See Ex. 1005, 4:56–58; Ex. 1004, 6 
(Fig. 3). 
“Obviousness does not require absolute predictability of success . . . 
all that is required is a reasonable expectation of success.” In re Droge, 695 
F.3d 1334, 1338 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (quoting In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1360 
(Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing In re O’Farrell, 853 F.2d 894, 903–04 
 
9 Fc1* is the constant region of human IgG1. Ex. 2029, 4. Fc1* is 
understood to be used as the “IgG control” in Jansson. Patent Owner’s 
counsel explains that “Part A is Fc binding. So that is, I believe the way they 
did this experiment was with Fc fragments, but it’s generally acknowledged, 
you know, these antibodies all have an Fc domain if they’re a whole 
antibody and that reflects the fact that all of these domains A, B, C, D and E 
and domain Z, which is B with the G29A mutation, retain this Fc binding.” 
Tr. 70:6–11. 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
40 
(Fed.Cir.1988)); Intelligent Bio-Systems, Inc. v. Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 
821 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (explaining that the expectation of success 
issue involves a showing of “a reasonable expectation of achieving what is 
claimed”) (emphasis added). It is not inventive to confirm something that 
was already suggested in the art. “Scientific confirmation of what was 
already believed to be true may be a valuable contribution, but it does not 
give rise to a patentable invention.” Pharma Stem Therpeutic, Inc. v. 
ViaCell, Inc., 491 F.3d 1342, 1363–1364 (2007). 
Here, the record supports that each individual SPA domain, including 
the C domain, has affinity for IgG antibodies. Ex. 1004, 1 (“The five SPA 
domains show individual affinity for the Fc-fragment [11 residues of helices 
1 and 2 (domain B)], as well as certain Fab-fragments of immunoglobulin G 
(IgG) from most mammalian species.” (bracketing in original)). Abrahmsén 
suggests making the mutation of Asn-Gly coding constellation in any one of 
the SPA domains by replacing glycine with an alanine codon that would 
remove the dipeptide sequence known to be sensitive to hydroxylamine 
degradation. See Ex. 1005, 4:56–5:16, see also id. Fig. 2 (showing the 
Asn-Gly coding constellation in all SPA domains); Ex. 1006, 2 (“the 
shortest deamidation half times have been associated with the sequences –
asparagine–glycine and – asparagine–serine”). Abrahmsén’s confirms that a 
G29A mutation on SPA would not interfere with folding of SPA protein and 
the binding to antibodies. Ex. 1005, 5:13–16 (“by simulating the Gly to Ala 
amino acid change in the computer we concluded that this change would not 
interfere with folding to protein A or binding to IgG.”). Abrahmsén’s 
computer modeling suggests that IgG binding is not impacted by the 
mutation and this is confirmed by Linhult’s experiments showing that the 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
41 
G29A mutant of Domain B (a.k.a. Domain Z) binds IgG. Ex. 1004, 6 
(Fig. 3). 
Patent Owner argues that “Abrahmsén’s computer simulation was of 
unmodified Protein A as a whole, not a Domain C (or G29A-modified) 
monomer or multimer, and thus does not reveal the impact of a G29A 
mutation on protein folding or IgG affinity. Ex. 2025 ¶ 103; Ex. 2049 at 
131:7-10.” Sur-reply 11. 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s contention that the 
information gained by computer modeling of the SPA native domain B – 
IgG crystal structure could not be extrapolated to other SPA domains that 
are structurally very similar. 
As Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Cramer explains 
It was well known that the researchers who developed the Z 
domain based on the wild-type B domain (rather than any of the 
other four SPA domains) did so for two reasons. (See, e.g., Ex. 
1007 at 109.) First, a crystal structure of the wild-type B domain 
binding to an antibody happened to be available in 1981 for 
analysis. (See, e.g., id.; Ex. 1005 at col. 4:56-68; Ex. 1017.) And, 
second, their work would be informative of mutations that could 
be done on all five of the highly homologous SPA domains more 
generally. (See, e.g., Ex. 1005 at col. 2:32-37; Ex. 1007 at 109; 
Ex. 1008 at 639, Fig. 1.) 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 33 (emphasis added). Dr. Cramer further explains that “[t]hey did 
the computer modeling based on that complex because that’s the crystal 
structure that they had. It wasn’t done because the B domain is special. . . . 
And then there’s several other places where they state clearly that they could 
also do the other domains with expected similar results.” Ex. 2015, 
138:8–22. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
42 
Accordingly, we agree with Petitioner that taken together, the 
teachings of Linhult, Abrahmsén, and Hober provide a reasonable 
expectation of success at arriving at a chromatography composition that 
contains the SPA domain C ligand with the G29A mutation. Pet. 25 (citing 
Ex. 1005, 5:13–16; Ex. 1002 ¶ 110). 
(3) No Teaching Away 
We are also not persuaded by Patent Owner’s contention that the art 
teaches away from the G29A substitution because it interferes with Fab 
binding. See PO Resp. 38–40; Sur-reply 9; Ex. 2009 at 2; Ex. 2010 at 25; 
Ex. 2012 at 25–26; Ex. 2029 at 7. 
Neither claim 1 nor claim 14 recite a need to bind the Fab region of an 
antibody – all that is required by these claims is a chromatography matrix 
with a domain C ligand attached, and the domain C sequence having a G29A 
mutation.10 The law does not require that the teachings of the reference be 
combined for the reason or advantage contemplated by the inventor, as long 
as some suggestion to combine the elements is provided by the prior art as a 
whole. In re Beattie, 974 F.2d 1309, 1312 (Fed. Cir. 1992); In re Kronig, 
539 F.2d 1300, 1304 (CCPA 1976); see In re Kemps, 97 F.3d 1427, 1430 
(Fed. Cir. 1996) (“[T]he motivation in the prior art to combine the references 
does not have to be identical to that of the applicant to establish 
obviousness.”). 
Here, Linhult teaches that “[t]he five SPA domains show individual 
affinity for the Fc-fragment [11 residues of helices 1 and 2 (domain B)], as 
well as certain Fab-fragments of immunoglobulin G (IgG) from most 
 
10 We note that neither claim 1 nor claim 14 even requires IgG binding. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
43 
mammalian species.” Ex. 1004, 1 (bracketing in original) (citation omitted). 
Linhult, therefore, teaches that any one of the SPA IgG binding domains E, 
D, A, B, or C can bind the Fc region of an antibody and can thereby be used 
as a ligand for purifying IgG antibodies. In addition, the combination of 
Linhult and Abrahmsén suggests making the G29A mutation in each of the 
domains because it would provide ligands that are less susceptible to protein 
degradation. Ex. 1004, 2; see also Ex. 1005, 2:33-37 (“[A] recombinant 
DNA fragment coding for any of the E D A B C domains of staphylococcal 
protein A, wherein the glycine codon(s) in the Asn-Gly coding constellation 
has been replaced by an alanine codon.”). 
Patent Owner contends that the G29A mutation would lead to a 
reduction in the Fab binding of domain C, and therefore, would lead away 
from making the mutation. PO Resp. 40–41 (citing Ex. 2010 at 2; Ex. 2011 
at 25; Ex. 2012 at 25–26; Ex. 2013 at 2–3; Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 105–109; Ex. 2029 at 
6–7). Patent Owner’s cited references are directed to Fab binding. But 
claims 1 and 14 are not limited to Fab binding. Showing that the G29A 
mutation interferes with Fab binding says nothing about the ability of a 
mutated SPA domains E, D, A, B, or C to bind the Fc portion of IgG. See, 
e.g., Ex. 2013, 3 (“The site responsible for Fab binding is structurally 
separate from the domain surface that mediates Fcɣ[11] binding.”). 
 
11 Fcɣ is the constant region of IgG involved in effector function. 
Specifically, “[t]he Fcɣ binding site has been localized to the elbow region at 
the CH2 and CH3 interface of most IgG subclasses, and this binding 
property has been extensively used for the labeling and purification of 
antibodies.” Ex. 2013, 1. In other words, Fcɣ and Fc terminology are used 
interchangeably in the art. 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
44 
Accordingly, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s contention that the art 
teaches away from the combination as articulated by Petitioner. 
(4) Additional Modifications 
We are also not persuaded by Patent Owner’s contention the ordinary 
artisan would not stop with a single G29A mutation in a SPA domain. See 
PO Resp. 43–45. Here, Abrahmsén expressly suggests making only a single 
mutation. Specifically, Abrahmsén contemplates “a recombinant DNA 
fragment coding for any of the E D A B C domains of staphylococcal 
protein A, wherein the glycine codon(s) in the Asn-Gly coding constellation 
has been replaced by an alanine codon” without additional mutations. 
Ex. 1005, 2:33–37. 
(5) Summary 
Having considered the evidence and argument cited by the Petition, 
which we adopt as our own, we are persuaded that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of evidence of record that the combination of Linhult and 
Abrahmsén teach each of the limitations of claims 1 and 14. Petitioner not 
only has articulated a sufficient motivation for making the combination but 
has also established that there is a reasonable expectation of success for the 
binding of an IgG antibody to a SPA domain that contains an G29A 
mutation. 
b) Claims 4 and 17 
Petitioner argues that “[t]he ‘capab[ility] of binding to the Fab part of 
an antibody,’ as recited in claims 4 and 17, is an inherent property of the 
claimed C(G29A)-based SPA ligand.” Pet. 28 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 120–127). 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
45 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art did not need to 
recognize the Fab binding property of Domain C to be motivated to select 
that domain for modification. “A POSA would not have been motivated only 
by Fab-binding ability,[] as even Dr. Bracewell agreed that ‘a POSA would 
have understood that it was desirable to purify monoclonal antibodies for 
therapeutic use in 2006.’” Reply 8 (citing Ex. 1057, 75:17–76:4, 113:23–
114:11, 157:24–158:9; Ex. 1061 ¶ 29). 
Patent Owner argues that “[n]either Linhult itself nor the Petition 
provide any reason as to why the POSA would have ‘plucked’ Domain C 
from among the five listed SPA domain sequences (or in the figure, those 
plus Domain Z’s sequence). PO Resp. 29 (citing WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 
829 F.3d 1317, 1337 (Fed. Cir. 2016)); see also Sur-reply 1 (“Petitioners fail 
to show that the person of ordinary skill in the art (the ‘POSA’) would have 
plucked Domain C from the sea of prior art teaching a preference for 
Domains B and Z, substituted one and only one amino acid—the glycine at 
position 29 with an alanine (a ‘G29A’ mutation)—and used that mutated 
protein as a chromatography ligand for the purification of antibodies or 
antibody fragments.”). 
Patent Owner argues that 
[t]he very G29A amino acid substitution Petitioners now suggest 
the POSA would seek to employ with Domain C would have 
been known to have rendered Fab binding ‘negligible’ when 
implemented in Domain B. Ex. 2009 at 2; see also, e.g., Ex. 2010 
at 2 (“Fab binding activity is located to a region determined by 
helices 2-3, including the position mutated to yield the Z 
domain.”); Ex. 2011 at 25 (“[I]t only takes a single residue 
change in SpA to eliminate either Fab or Fc binding. The sole 
difference in domain Z compared to domain B is the substitution 
of a glycine to an alanine . . . .”); Ex. 2012 at 25-26 (“[D]omain 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
46 
Z containing a single G29A-substitution compared to domain B 
exhibits little or no [Fab] binding. This might be due to the 
substitution since the Cβ of the alanine would perturb the 
interaction between the two molecules.”). 
PO Resp. 40. 
Claim 1 is directed to a composition. Claim 4 is dependent on claim 1 
and further recites “wherein the ligand is capable of binding to the Fab part 
of an antibody.” Ex. 1001, 15:56–57. The “capable of binding” language of 
claim 4, however, does not add any structural limitations to claim 1 it merely 
recites the function of the composition when used for example in an assay.12 
“[T]erms [that] merely set forth the intended use for, or a property 
inherent in, an otherwise old [or obvious] composition . . . do not 
differentiate the claimed composition from those known in the prior art.” In 
re Pearson, 494 F.2d 1399, 1403 (CCPA 1974). “Inherency may supply a 
missing claim limitation in an obviousness analysis. An inherent 
characteristic of a formulation [i.e. composition] can be part of the prior art 
in an obviousness analysis even if the inherent characteristic was 
unrecognized or unappreciated by a skilled artisan.” Persion Pharms. LLC v. 
Alvogen Malta Operations Ltd., 945 F.3d 1184, 1190 (Fed. Cir. 2019) 
(citations omitted). 
As explained above (II.E.5.a), Abrahmsén teaches replacing the 
glycine codon in the Asn-Gly constellation in any one the SPA domains with 
an alanine codon. Ex. 1005, 2:21–23. Abrahmsén further explains that: 
The Asn-Gly dipeptide sequence is sensitive to 
hydroxylamine. As this sequence is kept intact in all five IgG 
 
12 The same issue applies to claims 14 and 17. We note that none of the 
claims in the ’765 patent are directed to a method of using the composition 
in an assay to isolate Fab fragments. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
47 
binding domains of protein A and as this amino acid sequence is 
present in the middle of an alpha helix involved in the binding to 
IgG (FIG. 2) there is very little chance to be successful in any 
amino acid change. . . . However, by simulating the Gly to Ala 
amino acid change in the computer we concluded that this change 
would not interfere with folding to protein A or binding to IgG. 
Ex. 1005, 4:56–5:16 (emphasis added). 
 
That the G29A mutation in domain B (resulting in domain Z) does not 
interfere with IgG binding was already established by Linhult. See Ex. 1004, 
6 (Fig. 3 (showing IgG binding with domain Z). The Domain Z binding 
property to IgG is further supported by Jansson. Jansson Fig. 3, reproduced 
below, shows the side-by-side comparison of Fc1*13, Fab, and scFv binding 
and confirms what was already suggested in Abrahmsén and Linhult – that a 
composition containing the G29A mutation in an SPA domain can bind IgG. 
 
Panel A in Jansson Figure 3, reproduced above, shows that the single G29A 
mutation between Domain B and Domain Z does not result in the loss of IgG 
binding. Ex. 2029, 6 (Fig. 3). Because the other SPA domains are 
structurally so similar to Domain B there is a reasonable expectation that 
these domains would similarly retain the ability to bind IgG with the same 
G29A mutation. See above II.E.5.a. 
 
13 Fc1* is the constant region of human IgG1. Ex. 2029, 4. Fc1* is 
understood to be used as the IgG control in Jansson. 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
48 
We, therefore, agree with Petitioner that the limitation of the Fab 
binding ability as recited in claim 4 is an inherent feature of the structure 
disclosed in the independent claim 1. See Pet. 28 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 120–123). For the reasons disclosed above (II.E.5.a), we find that 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of evidence that there is a 
reasonable expectation that making a G29A mutation in any one of the SPA 
domains would result in a structure that retains the ability to bind IgG. 
(1) Unexpected Results 
Patent Owner argues that objective indicia of non-obviousness of the 
Domain C–G29A based ligands requires reaching a conclusion of non-
obviousness. PO Resp. 53–55. Specifically, Patent Owner contends that “the 
SPA ligands of the claimed chromatography matrices unexpectedly retained 
their ability to bind to the Fab part of an antibody despite the substitution of 
an alanine for the glycine at position 29 of the Domain C sequence.” Id. at 
55 (citing Ex. 2025 ¶ 123; Ex. 2030 at 18–19). 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s unexpected results 
argument. The prior art does not need to recognize that Domain C retains the 
ability to bind Fab fragments after a G29A mutation. Petitioner’s articulated 
rationale is that there is a reason to make the G29A mutations in any one of 
the SPA domains in order to get a product that is alkaline stable. Pet. 21–22 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 21, 99–11; Ex. 1004, 407–408, Fig. 1(a); Ex. 1006, 12; 
Ex. 1018 ¶ 29; Ex. 1019, 6:25–34). We find that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of evidence that there is a reasonable expectation that making 
a G29A mutation in any one of the SPA domains results in a product that 
binds at least IgG. See above II.E.5.a. There is no requirement that the 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
49 
inherent characteristic of the Fab binding needed to be recognized in order to 
arrive at the conclusion that the recited structure in claim 1 would have been 
obvious. See Persion Pharms., 945 F.3d at 1190 (“Our predecessor court 
similarly concluded that it ‘is not the law’ that ‘a structure suggested by the 
prior art, and, hence, potentially in the possession of the public, is patentable 
... because it also possesses an [i]nherent, but hitherto unknown, function 
which [the patentees] claim to have discovered.’ In re Wiseman, 596 F.2d 
1019, 1023 (C.C.P.A. 1979).”). 
c) Claims 3 and 16 
Claim 3 depends from claim 1, and claim 16 depends from claim 14. 
Claims 3 and 16 recite the additional limitation “wherein the 
chromatography matrix has retained at least 95% of its original binding 
capacity after 5 hours incubation in 0.5 M NaOH.” Ex. 1001, 15:52–56. We 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
combination of Linhult, Abrahmsén, and Hober teaches the additional 
limitations of the dependent claims for the reasons stated in the Petition 
which we adopt as our own. See Pet. 25–28, 30; Reply 20–21. 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that “none of 
Petitioners’ cited references actually describe a C(G29A)-based SPA ligand, 
let alone provide alkaline stability data or test results concerning the same, 
the POSA is simply left to guess at how such a ligand would perform.” 
PO Resp. 49 (citing Ex. 2025 ¶¶ 121–124). 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence of record 
that there is a reason for making the G29A mutation in any one of the four 
remaining SPA domains in order to produce a SPA product that is more 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
50 
alkaline stable and would reasonably bind IgG. We, therefore, agree with 
Petitioner, that the ability to retain the requisite binding capacity after a 
period of exposure to alkaline treatment is a property of the composition. 
Pet. 25–28; see Ex. 1002, ¶¶115–119; Ex. 1004, 6 (“Figure 3, the Z(N23T) 
mutant shows higher resistance to alkaline conditions than the Z domain 
when exposed to high pH values.”). That Linhult recognizes that additional 
mutations could further improve alkaline stability does not detract from 
Linhult’s teaching that a composition containing the single G29A mutation 
in SPA Domain B retains IgG binding. Ex. 1004, 6, see id. at 4 (“The Z-
domain already possesses a significant tolerance to alkaline conditions.”). 
d) Claims 2, 12, 15, and 25 
Claims 2 and 12 depend from claim 1, and claims 15 and 25 depend 
from claim 14. We find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that the combination of Linhult, Abrahmsén, and Hober teaches the 
additional limitations of the dependent claims for the reasons stated in the 
Petition which we adopt as our own. See Pet. 25–28, 30. 
We have reviewed Petitioner’s arguments and the underlying evidence 
cited in support and determine that Petitioner establishes that of Linhult, 
Abrahmsén, and Hober teaches the additional limitations of these dependent 
claims. Specifically, Petitioner asserts that Linhult describes multimerization 
of the ligand as recited in claims 2, 12, 15; and 25. Pet. 26 (citing Ex. 1004, 
410; Ex. 1002 ¶¶112–114), see id. at 30 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 128–129). 
Patent Owner does not offer arguments addressing Petitioner’s 
substantive showing with respect to claims 2, 12, 15, and 25. See generally 
PO Resp. 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
51 
6. Summary 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has shown by 
a preponderance of evidence that of claims 1–7, 10–20, and 23–26 of the 
’765 patent are unpatentable based on the combination of Linhult, 
Abrahmsén, and Hober. 
 
Other Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner also asserts that claims 1–4, 12, 14–17, and 25 are 
unpatentable as obvious over Linhult and Abrahmsén (Pet. 18–30); claims 
1–7, 10–20, and 23–26 are unpatentable as obvious over Linhult and Hober 
(id. at 30–48); claims 1–7, 10–20, 23–26 are unpatentable as obvious over 
Abrahmsén and Hober (id. at 49–60); claims 1–7, 10–20, and 23–26 are 
unpatentable over Berg and Linhult (’043 IPR Pet. 20–33); claims 2, 3, 15, 
and 16 are unpatentable over Berg, Linhult, and Hober (id. at 33–38); claims 
1, 2, 5–7, 10–15, 18–20, and 23–26 are unpatentable over Berg and 
Abrahmsén (id. at 38–44); and claims 2–4, 15–17 are unpatentable over 
Berg, Abrahmsén, and Hober (id. at 44–46) under 35 U.S.C. §103(a). 
However, because Petitioner has already shown that the challenged claims 
1–7, 10–20, and 23–26 are unpatentable over Linhult, Abrahmsén, and 
Hober as obvious, as discussed supra, we do not reach these additional 
asserted grounds. See Beloit Corp. v. Valmet Oy, 742 F.2d 1421, 1423 (Fed. 
Cir. 1984) (“The Commission . . . is at perfect liberty to reach a ‘no 
violation’ determination on a single dispositive issue.”); Boston Sci. Scimed, 
Inc. v. Cook Grp., Inc., 809 F. App’x 984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (recognizing 
that ‘[t]he Board has the discretion to decline to decide additional instituted 
grounds once the petitioner has prevailed on all its challenged claims”). 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
52 
III. CONCLUSION14 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has 
demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–7, 10–20, 
and 23–26 of the ’765 patent are unpatentable on the bases set forth in the 
following table. 
In summary: 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–4, 12, 
14–17, 
25 
103(a) 
Linhult, 
Abrahmsén15 
 
 
1–7, 
10–20, 
23–26 
103(a) 
Linhult, Hober16 
 
 
1–7, 
10–20, 
23–26 
103(a) 
Linhult, 
Abrahmsén, Hober 
1–7, 10–20, 
23–26 
 
1–7, 
10–20, 
23–26 
103(a) 
Abrahmsén, 
Hober17 
 
 
 
14 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
15 As explained above, we do not reach this ’036 IPR ground because the 
challenge based on the Linhult, Abrahmsén, and Hober ground is dispositive 
of all the challenged claims. 
16 See supra, n.15. 
17 See supra, n.15. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
53 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1-7, 
10–20, 
23–26 
103(a) 
Berg, Linhult18 
 
 
2, 3, 15, 
16 
103(a) 
Berg, Linhult, 
Hober19 
 
 
1, 2, 5–7, 
10–15, 
18–20, 
23–26 
103(a) 
Berg, Abrahmsén20 
 
 
2–4, 
15–17 
103(a) 
Berg, Abrahmsén, 
Hober21 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–7, 10–20, 
23–26 
 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that the preponderance of the evidence of record has 
shown that claims 1–7, 10–20, and 23–26 of the ’765 patent are found 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED because this is a final written decision, the 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
18 As explained above, we do not reach this ’043 IPR ground because the 
challenge based on the Linhult, Abrahmsén, and Hober ground is dispositive 
of all the challenged claims. 
19 See supra, n.18. 
20 See supra, n.18. 
21 See supra, n.18. 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-00036 
IPR2022-00043 
Patent 10,213,765 B2 
54 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Naveen Modi 
Eric Dittmann 
Phillip Citroen 
Isaac Ashkenazi 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
ericdittmann@paulhastings.com 
phillipcitroen@paulhastings.com 
isaacashkenazi@paulhastings.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
David Krinsky 
David Berl 
WILLIAMS & CONNOLLY LLP 
dkrinsky@wc.com 
dberl@wc.com