--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
 Paper 51 
571-272-7822 
 
Entered: November 1, 2022 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA HOLDINGS, 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
RAVGEN, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
____________ 
 
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
____________ 
 
 
Before ZHENYU YANG, TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, and DAVID COTTA, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
MAJORS, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
Granting Patent Owner’s Motion for Entry of Protective Order and to Seal; 
Granting Petitioner’s Motion to Seal 
37 C.F.R. §§ 42.14, 42.54 
Dismissing Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (“Petitioner” or 
“Labcorp”),1 on June 4, 2021, filed a Petition to institute inter partes review 
of claims 55–63, 66–69, 80, and 127–132 of U.S. Patent No. 7,332,277 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’277 patent”). Paper 1 (“Pet.” or “Petition”). We instituted 
trial on November 5, 2021. Paper 11 (“Inst. Dec.”). During trial, Ravgen, 
Inc. (“Patent Owner”)2 filed a Patent Owner Response. Paper 18 (“PO 
Resp.”). Later filings include Petitioner’s Reply (Paper 29 (“Pet. Reply”)) 
and Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply (Paper 37 (“PO Sur-Reply”)). An oral 
hearing was held on July 28, 2022, and a transcript is entered in the record. 
Paper 50 (“Tr.”). 
Patent Owner also filed a motion for entry of a protective order and to 
seal (Paper 19), and Petitioner filed a motion to seal (Paper 30); both 
motions were unopposed. Petitioner filed a motion to exclude Exhibit 2301 
(see Paper 42 (“Mot. to Exclude”) and Paper 46 (“Mot. Reply”)), which 
Patent Owner opposed (Paper 45 (“Opp.”)). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
parties’ arguments and evidence, we determine that Petitioner has not proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Our reasoning is explained below, 
and we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a). 
 
1 Petitioner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Pet. 1. 
2 Patent Owner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Paper 4, 1. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
3 
 Related Patents & Proceedings 
The ’277 patent issued February 19, 2008, from U.S. Patent 
Application No. 10/661,165 (“the ’165 Application”), filed September 11, 
2003. Ex. 1001, codes (21), (22), (45). The ’165 Application is a 
continuation-in-part (“CIP”) of Application No. PCT/US03/06198 filed 
February 28, 2003 (“the ’198 PCT” (Ex. 1007)), which claims priority to 
other applications including U.S. Provisional Application No. 60/378,354, 
filed May 8, 2002 (“the ’354 Provisional” (Ex. 1011)). Id. at codes (60), 
(63); see also id. at 1:7–25. The ’165 Application is also a CIP of 
Application No. PCT/US03/27308, filed August 29, 2003 (“the ’308 PCT” 
(Ex. 1009)). Id. at 1:14–16. Related U.S. Patent No. 7,727,720 (“the ’720 
patent”) issued on June 1, 2010, and claims priority to some of the same 
ancestral applications as the ’277 patent. Ex. 2041, 1, 4.3 
The parties identify multiple lawsuits involving the ’277 patent. 
Pet. 1; Paper 4, 1; Paper 14, 1. Those lawsuits include: Ravgen, Inc. v. 
Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings, No. 6:20-cv-00969-ADA (W.D. 
Tex.); Ravgen, Inc. v. Quest Diagnostics Inc., No. 2:21-cv-09011-RGK-GJS 
(C.D. Cal.); and Ravgen, Inc. v. Natera, Inc. and NSTX, Inc., No. 1:20-cv-
00692-ADA (W.D. Tex.). Paper 4, 1 (listing other lawsuits filed by Patent 
Owner against, e.g., PerkinElmer, Inc., and Myriad Genetics, Inc.). 
 
3 For some exhibits herein, we cite the page numbers added to the exhibit 
copy; we may also use other citation formats (e.g., column and line, 
paragraph numbers, or original pagination) for some exhibits. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
4 
Petitioner and Patent Owner also identify other matters involving the 
’277 patent pending before the Patent Office. Pet. 2; Paper 4, 1; Paper 10, 1. 
Petitioner challenges different claims of the ’277 patent than challenged here 
in IPR2021-00902. Claims of the ’277 patent have also been challenged in 
IPR2021-00788, -00789 and -00790 (all filed by Quest),4 IPR2021-01272 
(filed by Illumina, Inc.) and IPR2021-01577 (filed by Streck, Inc.). Pet. 2; 
Paper 4, 1; Paper 10, 1. We terminated IPR2021-00788 due to settlement 
prior to reaching a final written decision (IPR2021-00788, Paper 71), a final 
written decision in IPR2021-00902 is entered concurrent with this decision, 
and IPR2021-01272 and IPR2021-01577 are ongoing. In addition, Patent 
Owner identifies Ex Parte Reexamination Control No. 90/014,792 as related 
to the ’277 patent. Paper 7, 1. That reexamination is stayed. See IPR2021-
00902, Paper 24. 
The related ’720 patent has also been challenged in several matters 
before the Office: IPR2021-00791 (terminated); IPR2021-01026 (pending); 
IPR2021-01271 (pending); and Ex Parte Reexamination Control Nos. 
90/014,703, and 90/014,869 (both stayed). 
 Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts two grounds of unpatentability in this Petition 
(Pet. 8–9), which are provided in the table below: 
 
 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
5 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
55–63, 66–69, 80, 
127–132 
103(a)5 
Chiu,6 Lo,7 Bianchi8 
55–63, 66–69, 80, 
127–132 
103(a) 
Chiu, Lo, Rao9 
Petitioner relies on the declarations of Jeremy S. Edwards, Ph.D., 
among other evidence. Ex. 1002; Ex. 1047. Prior to institution, Patent 
Owner submitted a declaration from Dr. Glenn D. Prestwich, Ph.D. 
Ex. 2001. During trial, Patent Owner submitted and relies on a declaration 
from Dr. Brian Van Ness, Ph.D. (Ex. 2078), among other evidence.10 The 
deposition testimony of Drs. Edwards (Exs. 2101, 2299) and Van Ness 
(Ex. 1045) is also of record. 
 
4 On October 19, 2021, we instituted trial in IPR2021-00788, Paper 23 
(covering claims 55–63, 66–69, 80–94, 96, and 126–133), and denied 
institution in IPR2021-00789 (Paper 21) and IPR2021-00790 (Paper 21). 
5 Based on the filing date of the ’277 patent, we apply the pre-AIA version 
of § 103. 
6 Rossa W. K. Chiu et al., Effects of Blood-Processing Protocols on Fetal 
and Total DNA Quantification in Maternal Plasma, 47:9 CLINICAL 
CHEMISTRY 1607–1613 (2001) (Ex. 1003, “Chiu”). 
7 Y. M. Dennis Lo et al., Quantitative Analysis of Fetal DNA in Maternal 
Plasma and Serum: Implications for Noninvasive Prenatal Diagnosis, 62 
AM. J. HUM. GENET. 768–775 (1998) (Ex. 1021, “Lo”). 
8 Bianchi et al., U.S. 5,648,220, issued July 15, 1997 (Ex. 1004, “Bianchi”). 
9 Rao et al., WO 03/018757 A2, published March 6, 2003 (Ex. 1005, “Rao”). 
10 The parties submit, for example, additional testimony related to products 
that are alleged to practice the claimed subject matter and asserted 
commercial success of such products. See, e.g., Exs. 2080 (Declaration of 
Paul Meyer) and 2082 (Declaration of Jeffrey Chalmers, Ph.D.). 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
6 
 Technology Overview and the ’277 Patent 
The ’277 patent relates to non-invasive methods for sampling DNA 
and detection of genetic disorders in a fetus. Ex. 1001, 1:31–39. The 
’277 patent explains that a variety of invasive and non-invasive techniques 
are available for prenatal diagnosis, including amniocentesis, fetal blood 
cells in maternal blood, and maternal serum alpha-feto protein. Id. at 2:53–
57. According to the patent, however, “techniques that are non-invasive are 
less specific, and the techniques with high specificity and high sensitivity are 
highly invasive.” Id. at 2:57–60; see also id. at 3:33–37 (citing an increased 
fetal mortality risk of about 0.5% with amniocentesis). 
We provide a brief overview of the components of blood, which is 
helpful in understanding the challenged claims and the cited prior art. Blood 
is composed of plasma and other blood components that are suspended in 
plasma. Ex. 2001 ¶ 35; Ex. 2078 ¶ 22. The major blood components in 
plasma include red blood cells (“RBCs”), white blood cells (“WBCs”) and 
platelets. Id. Although most DNA is typically found inside cells (within the 
cell membrane and nucleus), some DNA may also be found outside the cells 
circulating freely in the plasma. Id. ¶¶ 22–23. Such circulating DNA is 
known as “cell-free DNA” (“cfDNA”). Id. WBCs, unlike RBCs, include an 
individual’s cellular DNA, and when WBCs are subjected to various stresses 
(e.g., biological, physical, or chemical), the WBCs may lyse and release 
additional DNA into the plasma. Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 37–38; see also Ex. 1002 ¶ 23 
(discussing liberation of DNA from lysis of maternal cells). 
By the late 1990s, and prior to the ’277 patent, researchers had 
discovered that pregnant women have cell-free fetal DNA (“cffDNA”) along 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
7 
with maternal cfDNA circulating in maternal plasma. Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 36–37; 
Ex. 2078 ¶ 23. For example, in a study headed by Dr. Dennis Lo, 
researchers determined that cffDNA was present in maternal plasma in a 
range of about 3.4%–6.2% (as a percent of total circulating DNA), with the 
percentages corresponding to early and late pregnancy, respectively. 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 23 (citing Ex. 1021, 768). At about the same time, researchers 
determined that, although intact fetal cells may also be found in maternal 
plasma, most fetal DNA in maternal plasma exists in its cell-free form. Id. 
To analyze cell-free DNA from blood, a blood sample is ordinarily 
collected (e.g., from a subject’s vein), and then further processed. Ex. 2001 
¶ 38. A common mode of preparation for such blood samples involves the 
use of centrifugation to separate the cellular components and plasma within 
the sample. Ex. 1002 ¶ 30 (discussing, for example, methods in Chiu); see 
generally Ex. 1003 (describing, inter alia, centrifugation and filtration 
techniques to separate the plasma and cellular fractions). 
According to Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Edwards, when working with 
blood samples, it was known to add blood stabilizing compounds, especially 
to reduce effects of delayed processing. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 21–22. Dr. Edwards 
testifies that known processing “techniques included the use of agents that 
stabilized the cells and/or analyte(s) and/or prevented coagulation [of the 
blood] so that samples could be tested, hours, days, or weeks after 
collection.” Id. “For example, blood samples were commonly collected in 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
8 
treated tubes, e.g., EDTA tubes or acid citrate dextrose (ACD) tubes.” Id. 
(citing, e.g., Exs. 1003 and 1014). 
The ’277 patent acknowledges the prior non-invasive use of fetal cells 
and cell-free fetal DNA, both isolated from maternal blood, for prenatal 
diagnosis. Ex. 1001, 5:7–59. With regard to fetal cells, the patent notes that 
the “presence of fetal nucleated cells in maternal blood makes it possible to 
use these cells for noninvasive prenatal diagnosis,” and that such “cells can 
be sorted and analyzed by a variety of techniques to look for particular DNA 
sequences.” Id. at 5:8–13. Yet the patent states that “it is still difficult” to 
get many fetal cells from maternal blood and “[t]here may not be enough to 
reliably determine anomalies of the fetal karyotype or assay for other 
abnormalities.” Id. at 5:30–34. The patent states that fetal DNA “has been 
detected and quantitated in maternal plasma and serum” and that “fetal DNA 
present in the maternal serum and plasma is comparable to the concentration 
of DNA obtained from fetal cell isolation protocols.” Id. at 5:39–49. 
“However,” according to the patent, “the diagnostic and clinical applications 
of circulating fetal DNA is limited to genes that are present in the fetus but 
not in the mother” and “a need still exists for a non-invasive method that can 
determine the sequence of fetal DNA and provide definitive diagnosis of 
chromosomal abnormalities in a fetus.” Id. at 5:53–59. 
The ’277 patent describes a method that is said to increase the 
proportion or percentage of the cffDNA component in a sample from a 
pregnant female for subsequent analysis. According to the patent, the ability 
to detect chromosomal abnormalities has been “hindered by the low 
percentage of free fetal DNA” in maternal samples. Ex. 1001, 89:1–6. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
9 
“Increasing the percentage of free fetal DNA would enhance the detection” 
of trisomy and other genetic abnormalities. Id. at 89:6–11. 
With the aim of increasing the percentage of cffDNA relative to 
circulating maternal DNA in a maternal sample, the ’277 patent describes 
adding an agent that inhibits cell lysis. Ex. 1001, 219:38–44 (Example 15) 
(“[T]he use of cell lysis inhibitors, cell membrane stabilizers, or cross-
linking reagents can be used to increase the percentage of fetal DNA in the 
maternal blood.”); id. at 89:11–13 (“The percent of fetal DNA in plasma 
obtained from a pregnant female was determined both in the absence and 
presence of inhibitors of cell lysis”). The patent explains that, “[w]hile lysis 
of both maternal and fetal cells is inhibited, the vast majority of cells [in a 
maternal blood sample] are maternal, and thus by reducing the lysis of 
maternal cells, there is a relative increase in the percentage of free fetal 
DNA.” Id. at 32:36–39. The patent identifies numerous agents as cell lysis 
inhibitors, cell membrane stabilizers, or cross-linking reagents. See, e.g., id. 
at 31:57–32:21 (listing, for example, formaldehyde, formalin, cleavable 
crosslinkers, cholesterol, and glucose). 
The ’277 patent provides results on the use of formalin (i.e., 
formaldehyde in aqueous solution) as the lysis-inhibiting agent. Ex. 1001, 
89:1–91:50 (Example 4). In Example 4, the patent describes collecting a 
5 ml blood sample from a pregnant subject, separating the sample into two 
tubes (each containing EDTA11), and adding formaldehyde (25μl/ml) to one 
 
11 The ’277 patent states that EDTA is a “magnesium chelator.” Ex. 1001, 
31:52–54. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
10 
of the tubes. Id. at 89:18–25. The samples were centrifuged and 800 μl of 
each maternal plasma sample was then used for DNA purification and 
further processing to determine the relative amount of cffDNA present. Id. 
at 89:25–91:13. According to the ’277 patent, “the percentage of fetal DNA 
present in the sample that was treated with only EDTA was 1.56%” and the 
“percentage of fetal DNA present in the sample treated with formalin and 
EDTA was 25%.” Id. at 91:14–20. The percent of total cffDNA in eighteen 
blood samples with and without formalin was then calculated, with the 
results (mean percentage cffDNA) provided in Table V. Id. at 91:35–43 
(reporting, inter alia, 19.47% with formalin and 7.71% without formalin), 
219:38–226:26 (Example 15). 
 Challenged Claims 
Independent claim 55 and several claims that depend (directly or 
indirectly) from claim 55 are challenged here. Claim 55 reads: 
55. 
A method comprising determining the sequence of a locus 
of interest on free fetal DNA isolated from a sample obtained 
from a pregnant female, wherein said sample comprises free fetal 
DNA and an agent that inhibits lysis of cells, if cells are present, 
wherein said agent is selected from the group consisting of 
membrane stabilizer, cross-linker, and cell lysis inhibitor. 
Ex. 1001, 472:66–473:5. 
To illustrate some of the challenged dependent claims, claim 59 
depends from claim 55 and adds, “wherein said agent is a cell lysis 
inhibitor.” Id. at 473:13–14. Claim 60 depends from claim 59, adding 
“wherein said cell lysis inhibitor is selected from the group consisting of: 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
11 
glutaraldehyde, derivatives of glutaraldehyde, formaldehyde, derivatives of 
formaldehyde, and formalin.” Id. at 473:15–18. 
 Prosecution History 
Challenged claim 55 corresponds to pending claim 58 in prosecution. 
Ex. 1025, 530. 
The Examiner initially rejected pending claim 58 as obvious over “the 
Lo Patent”12 combined with other references. Id. at 1231. In response, 
applicant argued that the Examiner had provided no evidence that EDTA in 
the Lo Patent’s samples inhibits cell lysis. Id. at 1194–1196, 1199–1200. 
The Examiner withdrew the rejections based on the Lo Patent, but 
entered new rejections for obviousness based on the combination of 
“Amicucci” or “Umansky,” with “Kiessling” (citing Kiessling for its 
disclosure of formaldehyde as a cell fixative). Id. at 927–928, 958–961. 
In Remarks dated May 30, 2007, applicant argued that there was no 
motivation to combine the newly cited references. See, e.g., id. at 574–575. 
Applicant argued that the DNA analyzed in the methods of Umansky and 
Kiessling was “quite distinct” because Umansky analyzed cell-free fetal 
DNA circulating outside a cell, “while the DNA analyzed in Kiessling is in 
and/or is released from a fixed cell.” Id.; see also id. at 593 (advancing 
similar argument for the Amicucci combination). Applicant also argued that 
the claimed method addressed a long-felt need and produced unexpected 
 
12 International Publication No. WO 98/39474 (Ex. 2038). We use the name 
“the Lo Patent” for Exhibit 2038 to avoid confusing with another reference 
“Lo” (Exhibit 1021) asserted by Petitioner here. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
12 
results. Id. at 573–574, 591–592. Specifically, applicant argued that its 
method was an alternative to invasive prenatal testing, and that, by adding 
formalin as an agent that inhibits lysis to the maternal sample, the percentage 
of cffDNA was 25%, compared to 1.56% without formalin. Id. at 574 
(asserting that, based on prior reports, “the mean percentage of free fetal 
DNA in a maternal sample was expected to be about 3%”). 
The Examiner, on September 26, 2007, entered a Notice of 
Allowability covering claim 58 and the several other claims that ultimately 
issued. Ex. 1025, 523–525. The Examiner’s Reasons for Allowance stated 
that the various claims are “deemed to be allowable in light of the 
applicant’s amendment filed 30 MAY 07 and the persuasive argument(s) 
therein.” Id. at 525. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
 Principles of Law 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the differences 
between the subject matter sought to be patented and the prior art are such 
that the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which that 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
13 
subject matter pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) secondary considerations of 
nonobviousness when presented. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 
17–18 (1966). When evaluating a combination of teachings, we must also 
“determine whether there was an apparent reason to combine the known 
elements in the fashion claimed by the patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 
418 (citing In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 2006)). Whether a 
combination of elements produces a predictable result also weighs in the 
ultimate determination of obviousness. Id. at 416–417. 
 Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art (“POSA”) 
In determining the level of skill in the art, we consider the problems 
encountered in the art, the art’s solutions to those problems, the rapidity with 
which innovations are made, the sophistication of the technology, and the 
educational level of active workers in the field. Custom Accessories, Inc. v. 
Jeffrey-Allan Indus., Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 (Fed. Cir. 1986). 
Petitioner contends a POSA: 
would have had an advanced degree (e.g., M.S. or Ph.D.) in 
Chemistry, 
Biochemistry, 
Molecular 
Biology, 
Genetics, 
Bioengineering, Chemical Engineering, or a related discipline, 
and at least 2-3 years of experience in a research or clinical 
laboratory. . . . In addition, a [POSA] would have been familiar 
with the available techniques for optimizing biological samples 
to be used in various laboratory analyses, such as for detection 
of DNA, including cell-free nucleic acids, and would have been 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
14 
familiar with the relevant scientific field and its literature at the 
time when the application was filed, in particular, literature 
regarding the detection of cell-free nucleic acids. 
Pet. 19 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 12–13). Patent Owner’s proposal states that a 
POSA would have had “a M.D. and/or a Ph.D. in a related area such as 
genetics, biochemistry, molecular biology, cell biology, or microbiology and 
at least one to two years of work in one of those related areas.” PO Resp. 8. 
Patent Owner proposes that a POSA could, alternatively, “have a Bachelor’s 
degree in one of the foregoing areas and at least three to four years of work 
in” such areas. Id. (citing Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 16–21). 
Patent Owner’s proposed POSA level is too broad. Under that 
proposal, an individual with, for example, an undergraduate degree in 
microbiology and three years’ work experience studying the habitats of 
bacteria might qualify as a POSA. It is not clear that such person would 
have sufficient, relevant experience in the detection of chromosomal 
abnormalities, especially through non-invasive methods for detecting fetal 
genetic abnormalities in maternal samples, as described in the ’277 patent 
and the prior art here. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 1:31–5:59 (Field of Invention and 
Background Art); Ex. 1003 (Chiu). Petitioner’s proposal of the POSA level 
is more precise because it requires familiarity with techniques for detecting 
cell-free DNA in biological samples, which is relevant to the prior art and 
the claimed technology. Petitioner’s proposal also appears to be more 
consistent with the cited prior art. Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 
1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific findings regarding ordinary 
skill level are not required where the prior art itself reflects an appropriate 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
15 
level and a need for testimony is not shown). Accordingly, we adopt 
Petitioner’s POSA level here, but note that our other determinations on this 
record would not change under Patent Owner’s POSA level.13 
 Claim Construction 
We interpret a claim “using the same claim construction standard that 
would be used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 
282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020). Under this standard, we construe 
the claim “in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such 
claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution 
history pertaining to the patent.” Id. 
Petitioner does not identify, in the Petition, any terms for which it is 
seeking express claim construction. Pet. 9. Patent Owner, in its Response, 
“reserve[d] the right to address claim construction,” but similarly did not 
request interpretation of any claims. PO Resp. 8 n.3. 
It is not necessary for us to further construe the challenged claims to 
resolve this case. Petitioner relies on formaldehyde or formaldehyde donors, 
as disclosed in Bianchi and Rao, to satisfy the claimed “agent” term, and 
urges the addition of such compounds to the modified methods of Chiu and 
Lo for isolating and detecting cffDNA in a maternal sample. There is no 
dispute on this record that formaldehyde and formaldehyde donors meet the 
claimed “agent” term. We are, thus, able to determine if the asserted art 
discloses an “agent” as claimed and whether a POSA would have been 
 
13 Patent Owner’s declarant, Dr. Van Ness, testifies that his opinions would 
not change under either POSA level. Ex. 2078 ¶ 21. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
16 
motivated to add formaldehyde or a formaldehyde donor to Chiu/Lo, which 
issue we find is decisive here. See Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad 
Ocean Motor Co. Ltd., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“[W]e need 
only construe terms that are in controversy, and only to the extent necessary 
to resolve the controversy.”) (internal quotation marks omitted). 
 Overview of the Asserted Prior Art 
1. 
Chiu (Exhibit 1003) 
Chiu is an article about molecular diagnostics and genetics, published 
in Clinical Chemistry in 2001. See generally Ex. 1003. Chiu relates to a 
study on the effects of blood-processing protocols on the quantification of 
cell-free fetal and total DNA in maternal plasma. Id. at 1607–1608 (“[I]t is 
the objective of this study to investigate the effects of different blood-
processing protocols on the quantitative analysis of total and fetal DNA in 
maternal plasma, as well as the effect on the relative proportions of cellular 
and cell-free DNA.”). 
Chiu discloses that “the discovery of fetal DNA in maternal plasma 
and serum in 1997 . . . [and] numerous reports have confirmed its potential 
application for noninvasive prenatal diagnosis.” Id. at 1607. Citing prior 
studies, Chiu reports that “it has been shown that fetal DNA represents a 
substantial portion of the total DNA in maternal plasma, contributing ~ 3.4% 
and ~ 6.2% of total plasma DNA in early and late pregnancy, respectively.” 
Id. Based on such prior investigations, Chiu addresses “whether plasma is 
truly acellular” and “whether fetal DNA circulates predominately in a 
cellular or cell-free form in maternal plasma.” Id. at 1608; see also id. at 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
17 
1607 (disclosing, as background, that “[r]ecently, apoptotic cells have been 
found in plasma obtained by centrifugation of blood from pregnant women, 
raising the question of what constitutes plasma and whether plasma is truly 
cell free”). Because studies may rely on quantification of fetal DNA in 
maternal plasma, Chiu discloses that “it would be of prime importance to 
investigate whether the apparent maternal plasma DNA concentration would 
be affected by different sample processing protocols.” Id. at 1608. 
Chiu discloses the use of different protocols to process blood samples 
and separate maternal plasma; those protocols include centrifugation, 
microcentrifugation, and filtration. Id. at 1608–09. Certain genes (β-globin 
and SRY)14 in the separated plasma were then isolated and amplified via 
PCR for determination of the concentrations (genome-equivalents/mL) of 
those genes in the samples. Id. 
From the data, Chiu discloses that “different blood-processing 
protocols have a significant impact on the quantification of β-globin, but not 
SRY sequences in plasma.” Id. at 1612. “In other words, by altering the 
blood-processing protocol, quantification of total, but not fetal, DNA is 
affected.” Id. Chiu explains, for example, that “centrifugation alone, by 
various speeds (1600g and 800g) led to total DNA concentrations that were 
significantly different and higher than those of filtered plasma (P <0.05).” 
Id. Chiu teaches, “[t]herefore, it can be deduced that despite centrifugation, 
 
14 These genes could be used as proxies in Chiu’s methods for determining 
the amount of fetal to total DNA because the β-globin gene is present in 
maternal and fetal DNA, and the SRY gene only in the fetal DNA. Ex. 1003, 
1608, 1612. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
18 
some of the maternal cells could remain in plasma, leading to an increase in 
the total DNA in plasma.” Id. (“[C]entrifugation alone is not effective in 
removing all of the cells in plasma, and the number of cells that remain in 
plasma after processing is variable.”). Chiu teaches that the “lack of 
difference in fetal DNA concentration among the different [sample-
processing] treatment groups . . . suggests that most of the fetal DNA 
circulates in an extracellular form.” Id. (“[I]ntact fetal cells contribute only 
a very small proportion of the quantifiable fetal DNA”); see also id. 
(disclosing that “fetal cells are detectable at a frequency of . . . ~ 2 fetal 
cells/mL of Percoll-derived maternal plasma”). Chiu concludes that 
“[d]ifferent protocols of blood sample processing impart a significant effect 
on the quantification of total DNA in maternal plasma.” Id. at 1613. 
Although Chiu indicates that an initial centrifugation may not, alone, 
be sufficient to remove cells from the plasma samples, Chiu teaches that 
cell-free samples may be obtained with additional physical processing 
steps—filtration or microcentrifugation. Id. at 1609–13. More specifically, 
Chiu discloses that “[p]lasma filtration by a submicron filter is used to 
remove residual cells that remain in plasma after the initial centrifugation 
step” and that “the DNA concentration in filtered plasma reflects the 
proportion of ‘extracellular’ fetal and total DNA in the blood sample.” Id. at 
1612. Chiu teaches that “[b]ecause plasma subjected to microcentrifugation 
[(i.e., centrifugation at 16,000g)] . . . consistently leads to a total DNA 
concentration that is statistically similar to that of filtered plasma, we infer 
that microcentrifugation is just as effective at generating cell-free plasma as 
filtration.” Id.; see also id. at 1613 (“Virtually cell-free plasma can be 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
19 
obtained by centrifugation of blood samples, followed by filtration or 
microcentrifugation.”). 
Chiu closes its discussion with the following disclosure: 
By highlighting the importance of centrifugation protocols for 
plasma processing, our data have obvious bearing on this type of 
analysis [(analysis of free circulating nucleic acids, including, 
e.g., fetal DNA, and plasma DNA used for cancer diagnosis)]. 
As research in the field of circulating nucleic acids is growing 
rapidly for findings to be easily comparable across studies, some 
form of standardization needs to be agreed on. 
Id. 
2. 
Bianchi (Exhibit 1004) 
Bianchi is a U.S. patent that issued in 1997. Ex. 1004, code (45). 
Bianchi discloses methods for labeling intracytoplasmic target molecules, 
e.g., a protein or a nucleic acid, in order to determine whether cells having 
such a target molecule are present in a sample. Id. at Abstr., 2:14–39 (listing 
target molecules, such as fetal hemoglobin that is characteristic of fetal cells 
(e.g., fetal nucleated erythrocytes) in a maternal blood sample). Bianchi 
describes the applicability of its methods to prenatal diagnosis (“allow[ing] 
single-cell genetic and chromosomal analysis which can be used for, e.g., 
prenatal diagnosis”). Id. at 2:66-3:1. 
Bianchi teaches that there are two key features of its method. First, 
that the intracytoplasmic target molecule can be labeled within the cell. Id. 
at 3:24–32 (“First, the plasma membrane is sufficiently permeable so that a 
reagent capable of detectably labeling the target molecule is able to traverse 
the plasma membrane into the cytoplasm.”). Second, that “the plasma 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
20 
membrane is sufficiently intact so that substantially all of the 
intracytoplasmic target molecule and the DNA of the target cell remain in 
the cell.” Id. at 3:32–35. 
Bianchi discloses use of a reagent system and sample treatment 
process for its “permeabilization method” where the cell preparation sample 
is incubated in 2–8% (w/v) paraformaldehyde for between 10 minutes to 4 
hours at, preferably, about 37° C. Id. at 3:37–42. The cell preparation 
suspected of including the target cell is “then is incubated permeabilized” in 
a solution containing alcohol (for example, incubating the sample in 
methanol:acetone at about 4° C). Id. at 3:44–53 (following 
permeabilization, the cells are washed and contacted with a labelling 
reagent, such as an antibody, which can be used for detecting the target cell 
from the cell preparation). 
3. 
Rao (Exhibit 1005) 
Rao is an international patent application that published on March 6, 
2003. Ex. 1005, code (43).15 Rao relates to “[c]ompositions and methods 
for stabilizing rare cells in blood specimens,” and compositions that “serv[e] 
as cell fixatives” to “minimize losses of target cells (for example, circulating 
tumor cells [(CTCs)]) and formation of debris and aggregates from target 
cells.” Id. at Abstr. (teaching that the cells are stabilized so the rare cells can 
be better detected or enumerated). 
 
15 Rao includes a priority claim to two U.S. provisional applications 
(Application No. 60/314,151, filed August 23, 2001 (Ex. 1048), and 
Application No. 60/369,628, filed April 3, 2002). 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
21 
Rao discloses that tumor cells undergoing apoptosis have altered 
membrane permeability that may lead to the escape of DNA and other 
cellular components. Id. at 2:5–10 (“Such tumor cell debris may still bear 
epitopes that are characteristic of intact cells, and can lead to spurious 
increases in circulating cancer cells.”). Rao teaches that “[l]eukocytes . . . 
are known to be labile and diminish on storage,” thus “increas[ing] the 
amount of cellular debris, derived from normal blood cells or proteins were 
found to interfere with the isolation and detection of rare target cells such as 
CTC.” Id. at 2:14–17. 
Rao discloses that “[t]here is a large body of published or patented art 
regarding the stability and stabilization of normal blood cells over time and 
several proprietary commercial stabilizers are available for preserving white 
blood cells.” Id. at 3:4–8 (listing stabilizers, including “Cyto-ChexTM from 
Streck Laboratories”). Rao discloses that, “[d]espite the shortcomings of 
paraformaldehyde or reagents containing paraformaldehyde, formaldehyde, 
glutaraldehyde and glyoxal, such reagents are frequently used for fixing and 
stabilizing tumor cells in blood or histology specimens.” Id. at 3:16–18. 
Rao discloses that the “ideal” stabilizer preserves the target cells while 
minimizing interfering cellular debris in a sample. Id. at 7:20–24. Rao 
identifies “the formaldehyde donor imidazolidinyl urea” as being “effective” 
at a preferred concentration of 0.1–10% by volume of the specimen. Id. at 
8:2–5, 22:1–14 (claim 1 composition, including a stabilizing agent), claim 6 
(said stabilizing agent “is a formaldehyde donor”)). 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
22 
4. 
Lo (Exhibit 1021) 
 
 Lo is an article published in 1998 in The American Journal of Human 
Genetics. Ex. 1021. Lo discloses a “real-time quantitative PCR assay to 
measure the concentration of fetal DNA in maternal plasma and serum.” Id. 
at 768. According to Lo, analysis of fetal DNA can be used for “fetal sex 
determination” and for “prenatal diagnosis” of various disorders, including 
“sex-linked disorders,” “autosomal dominant disorders,” and “autosomal 
recessive genetic disorders” like “certain hemoglobinopathies,” and “cystic 
fibrosis.” Id. at 773–774. In Lo’s study, peripheral maternal blood samples 
were taken from pregnant women. Id. at 769 (Subjects and Methods). 
Lo teaches that fetal DNA can be detected in both maternal plasma and 
maternal serum. Id. at 772 (“The high concentration of fetal DNA in 
maternal plasma and serum has allowed us to detect reliably the presence of 
fetal genetic material.”). However, maternal serum has a higher quantity of 
“background maternal DNA” compared to plasma. Id. Therefore, according 
to Lo, it may be preferable to use maternal plasma rather than maternal 
serum for “robust fetal DNA detection.” Id.; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 32–34 
(analyzing Lo and opining “Lo suggests that plasma may be preferable to 
serum for robust fetal DNA detection because of the higher occurrence of 
lysed cells in serum”). 
 Obviousness over Chiu, Lo, and Bianchi 
Petitioner asserts that claims 55–63, 66–69, 80, and 127–132 are 
unpatentable as obvious over the combination of Chiu, Lo, and Bianchi. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
23 
Pet. 20–41; see id. at 21–28 (independent claim 55), 29–41 (claims 
depending from claim 55). 
As we discuss in our analysis below, this ground turns on whether 
Petitioner has met its burden to establish, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that the POSA would have found it obvious to combine and 
modify the asserted art. More specifically, the ground turns on whether it 
would have been obvious to modify the maternal blood processing and 
cffDNA detection method of Chiu and Lo to include paraformaldehyde as a 
fixative agent, as allegedly disclosed in Bianchi, in the manner proposed by 
Petitioner. 
We gave an overview of the asserted prior art above. Below, we 
review Petitioner’s contentions on claim 55 and Patent Owner’s 
counterarguments. We will then turn to our analysis. 
1. 
Petitioner’s Contentions on Claim 55 
a) 
“A method comprising determining the sequence 
of a locus of interest on free fetal DNA isolated 
from a sample obtained from a pregnant female” 
Petitioner contends that the combination of Chiu and Lo teach a 
method that includes the “determining” step of claim 55. According to 
Petitioner, Chiu and Lo both describe isolating DNA from a pregnant 
female’s blood sample, and detecting fetal nucleic acids (free and cellular) in 
the sample by subjecting the isolated DNA to real-time PCR. Pet. 22–24 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 1003, 1607–1608; Ex. 1021, 769; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 29–31, 38–
41). Petitioner cites Chiu’s teachings related to the processing of a maternal 
blood sample to produce plasma, such as by means of centrifugation and 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
24 
microcentrifugation, or centrifugation and filtration, and the effects of such 
processing methods on total and fetal DNA in the plasma sample. Id. at 22, 
25–26 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1003, 1607–1608; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 29–31). Petitioner 
alleges that “Lo further suggests detecting sequences at a particular locus of 
interest on a gene by detecting polymorphisms and mutations within a gene, 
including those associated with sex-linked disorders and 
hemoglobinopathies.” Id. at 24 (citing Ex. 1021, 773–774; Ex. 1002 ¶ 38). 
b) 
 “wherein said sample comprises free fetal DNA 
and an agent that inhibits lysis of cells, if cells are 
present, wherein said agent is selected from the 
group consisting of membrane stabilizer, cross-
linker, and cell lysis inhibitor” 
For the two “wherein” clauses of claim 55, Petitioner contends that 
“Chiu and Lo are silent regarding whether the sample comprising free fetal 
DNA contains an agent, besides EDTA, that inhibits cell lysis, wherein the 
agent is a membrane stabilizer, cross-linker, or cell lysis inhibitor.” Pet. 25 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 40).16 According to Petitioner, “Chiu discloses the blood 
samples should be processed to obtain plasma within two hours of 
collection, suggesting that EDTA tubes may not be sufficient for processing 
after two hours,” and Chiu also “notes that apoptotic cells may be present in 
 
16 Chiu and Lo include EDTA as an anticoagulant to prepare plasma. 
Ex. 1003, 1608; Ex. 1021, 769 (disclosing that maternal blood was collected 
in EDTA tubes and then centrifuged to separate plasma from the cellular 
component). Petitioner has not asserted in this case that EDTA is 
encompassed by the “agent” limitation of claim 55. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
25 
plasma from blood of pregnant women when the samples are processed only 
by [an initial] centrifugation.” Id. at 25–26 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 40). 
Petitioner turns to Bianchi for its alleged teaching of an “agent that 
inhibits lysis of cells” as recited in claim 55. According to Petitioner, 
Bianchi teaches a method where rare cells are permeabilized so target 
molecules within such cells can be labeled, and cells containing such targets 
can be identified in a sample. Id. at 26; see Ex. 1004, 2:14–30 (identifying 
intracytoplasmic molecules like proteins, and disclosing “fetal hemoglobin” 
as a preferred target). Petitioner cites Bianchi’s teachings on permeabilizing 
the membrane of cells suspected of containing the target molecule by 
incubating the cells in a stepwise preparation of paraformaldehyde and 
alcohol at certain concentrations, times, and temperatures. Pet. 26 (citing 
Ex. 1004, 3:25–43; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 35, 41); see also Ex. 1004, 3:48–53 
(disclosing that, after permeabilizing the cells, a labeling reagent (such as an 
antibody) is introduced to label the target molecule). Petitioner asserts that 
“[p]araformaldehyde is a polymer of formaldehyde” and cites the 
’277 patent’s identification of formaldehyde and its derivatives as being cell 
lysis inhibitors. Pet. 26 (citing Ex. 1027; Ex. 1002 ¶ 35; Ex. 1001, 6:55–60). 
Petitioner further notes two features essential to Bianchi’s method: the 
membrane of the cells must be made sufficiently permeable so that reagents 
that detectably label the target molecule can traverse the membrane and 
enter the cytoplasm; and the membrane must remain sufficiently intact so 
that substantially all the intracytoplasmic molecule and DNA remain within 
the target cell. Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 1004, 3:25–35); see also Ex. 1004, 1:35–

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
26 
49 (defining “substantially all of the intracytoplasmic target molecule and 
the DNA of the cell”). 
c) 
Motivation to Combine and Reasonable 
Expectation of Success 
At a high level, Petitioner argues that a POSA would have been 
motivated to modify the method of Chiu and Lo to include 
paraformaldehyde,17 as disclosed in Bianchi. Pet. 26–28. The details of 
Petitioner’s motivation-to-combine theory are discussed below. 
Petitioner first contends that a POSA would have been motivated to 
combine Chiu and Lo because they “report similar methods and include an 
overlapping set of authors.” Id. at 27. And, Petitioner asserts, a POSA 
would have been motivated to combine Chiu and Lo “to determine the 
sequence of a locus of interest on free fetal DNA isolated from a sample 
obtained from a pregnant female.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 38 (testifying that 
“[b]oth methods detect the SRY gene (specific for a male fetus) and the β-
globin gene (representative of total DNA) using a sequence detector.”)). 
Petitioner contends that it was known “that fetal DNA exists mainly in 
cell-free form and is not released significantly from dead or dying cells in 
the maternal circulation.” Pet. 27. Petitioner contends that it was also 
known that “the amount of free maternal DNA was significantly increased 
[in samples] by liberation of DNA from maternal cells lysed during 
clotting.” Id.; Ex. 1003, 1607; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 40–41. In support of Petitioner’s 
 
17 Petitioner has described paraformaldehyde as both a “polymerized form” 
of formaldehyde and as a “formaldehyde donor.” See Pet. 26, 45–46. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
27 
arguments, Dr. Edwards opines that, when carrying out a method of 
processing maternal plasma for analysis of cffDNA (like Chiu), a POSA 
“would have been motivated to improve the detection of free fetal nucleic 
acids, for example, by increasing the percentage of fetal nucleic acids with 
respect to the total nucleic acids present by minimizing the introduction of 
any cellular DNA into the plasma sample.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 23; see also id. ¶ 40 
(opining that a POSA “would have recognized a need to reduce cell lysis, as 
cell lysis was known to affect measurements of extracellular components”). 
Petitioner contends that “Chiu discloses centrifugation and/or 
filtration as a means for reducing” maternal cells and maternal DNA in the 
assay background. Pet. 27–28 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 40). According to 
Petitioner, “Chiu also suggests that . . . processing in EDTA tubes may not 
be sufficient for processing after two hours.” Id. Petitioner contends that a 
POSA would have been motivated “to try other means for reducing 
background, such as the inclusion of agents to inhibit the lysis of the 
maternal cells.” Id. at 28. Petitioner argues a POSA would have sought to 
determine “whether use of such agents” work “as an alternative to or in 
combination with EDTA, because it would eliminate or reduce apoptosis of 
maternal and fetal cells during sample storage or processing (thereby 
eliminating or reducing background) and would reduce the steps of 
preparing the sample for analysis (i.e., by eliminating a second 
centrifugation or filtration step).” Pet. 28 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 41–42); see 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
28 
also id. at 26 (arguing “Bianchi provides such an alternative” with 
paraformaldehyde in an alleged “stabilization step”). 
Petitioner further argues that a POSA “would have had a reasonable 
expectation that use of paraformaldehyde in place of the centrifugation 
and/or filtration steps in Chiu’s methods would have been successful for 
isolating and detecting fetal nucleic acids . . . as both techniques would have 
been expected to reduce background noise resulting from lysis of cells in the 
sample.” Pet. 28; Ex. 1002 ¶ 41. 
Petitioner later expounds on its theory about the modification of 
Chiu’s and Lo’s methods in view of Bianchi and why the POSA would 
allegedly have been motivated to make those changes.18 According to 
Petitioner, a POSA would, based on “[g]eneral knowledge,” have known 
“that blood samples, particularly white blood cells, were stable for no more 
than twenty-four to forty-eight hours.” Pet. Reply 17 (citing Ex. 1049,19 
2:4–12). Moreover, Petitioner asserts, samples that required highly technical 
 
18 Petitioner asserts in Reply that Lo’s disclosure that cffDNA must be 
present “in sufficient quantities for reliable molecular diagnosis to be carried 
out” (Ex. 1021, 768) suggests that other enrichment may be needed, and that 
“[t]his problem is distinguishable from high background” due to lysis. Pet. 
Reply 17. Chiu and Lo both include a secondary centrifugation step, and 
Dr. Edwards opines that “[t]hese steps undoubtedly result in some residual 
fetal DNA left behind in each step” and “[g]iven the limited amount of fetal 
DNA, a POSITA would have been motivated to avoid the second 
centrifugation and removal step.” Ex. 1047 ¶ 16. 
19 Exhibit 1049 is U.S. Patent No. 5,849,517, which issued December 15, 
1998, and is assigned to Streck Laboratories, Inc. Ex. 1049, codes (45), 
(73). Exhibit 1049 was not cited or submitted with the Petition. 
 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
29 
genetic analyses were “routinely shipped to . . . larger laboratories.” Id. at 
18. Thus, Petitioner contends, a POSA “would have looked to known 
methods for stabilizing blood samples to enable shipment of samples to 
central laboratories.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 21–22); see also id. at 17–19 
(citing Ex. 1047 ¶¶ 15–1720). Allegedly, a POSA, “starting from Chiu in 
combination with Lo would have looked to references, such as Bianchi . . . 
regarding stabilization of cells and general knowledge in the art regarding 
instability of blood samples.” Id. at 18–19 (“[U]sing general knowledge in 
 
20 Dr. Edwards’s testimony similarly refers to a need to ship samples to 
centralized labs because of the “relatively low total amount of cell free fetal 
DNA and its relatively low percentage of total DNA in the blood and given 
the complexity of the genetic analysis.” Ex. 1047 ¶ 15. Dr. Edwards further 
opines that “centrifuges and filtration are not available at all blood collection 
sites and . . . that such steps could decrease the amount of the sample and, 
thus, the amount of available fetal DNA” such that a POSA “would have 
been motivated to eliminate any steps that reduce the amount of fetal DNA.” 
Id. Extending this underlying testimony suggests that a POSA would 
modify the methods of Chiu/Lo to omit on-site physical steps like 
microcentrifugation or filtration because, according to Dr. Edwards, those 
steps “could decrease the amount of the sample and, thus, the amount of 
available fetal DNA.” Id. Dr. Edwards provides no data or persuasive 
independent factual evidence, however, to support his opinion that removing 
the centrifugation or filtration steps of Chiu/Lo, which steps produced “cell-
free” plasma samples with improved proportional recovery of detectable 
cffDNA (see Ex. 1003, 1609, 1613), would have been understood as 
providing means for greater total or proportional recovery of detectable 
cffDNA. Ex. 1047 ¶¶ 15–16; 37 C.F.R. § 42.65(a) (instructing that expert 
testimony that does not disclose underlying facts or data in support “is 
entitled to little or no weight”). 
 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
30 
the art, [a POSA] would have selected the fixation step of Bianchi . . . to 
stabilize the cells.”).21 
Although Petitioner and its declarant, Dr. Edwards, acknowledged 
during trial that formaldehyde can potentially damage DNA, Petitioner 
nevertheless asserts that “the use of formaldehyde as a nucleic acid fixative 
was fully characterized.” Pet. Reply 19–20; Ex. 2299, 57:23–58:4 
(testimony of Dr. Edwards agreeing that formaldehyde can damage DNA 
including cell-free DNA). Petitioner cites the Srinivasan22 review article for 
its disclosure of “criteria recommended in the literature for use of 
formaldehyde as a tissue nucleic acid fixative.” Pet. 20 (quoting Ex. 1051, 
1965–1966) (disclosing, among other criteria, a “minimal prefixation time 
lag, < 2 hours” and total “duration of fixation (3 to 6 hours)”). Thus, 
Petitioner argues a POSA “would have been motivated to try and would 
 
21 Patent Owner criticizes Petitioner’s use of “newly-cited evidence and 
vague reliance on ‘general knowledge’ and ‘creativity’” in the Reply as an 
improper and untimely attempt by Petitioner to fill holes in its theory. See, 
e.g., PO Sur-Reply 3–5 (“Petitioner adds a new theory to support modifying 
Chiu/Lo based on ‘general knowledge’ and an alleged known need for 
‘shipment of samples to central laboratories.’”). We also have concerns 
about the evolution of Petitioner’s obviousness challenge during this 
proceeding and about the timeliness of the submission of certain evidence in 
support of it. Petitioner’s obviousness challenge is, in any event, 
unpersuasive for reasons we discuss below in our analysis. 
22 Mythily Srinivasan et al., Review: Effect of Fixatives and Tissue 
Processing on the Content and Integrity of Nucleic Acids, 161:6 American 
Journal of Pathology, 1961–1971 (Dec. 2002) (Ex. 1051 or “Srinivasan”). 
Petitioner filed Srinivasan with its Reply. Srinivasan is also of record as 
Exhibit 2150, which Patent Owner filed with its Response. 
 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
31 
have had a reasonable expectation of success in using formaldehyde or a 
formaldehyde donor to stabilize white blood cells in a maternal blood 
sample,”23 and a POSA “would have understood that, although long 
durations or high concentrations of formaldehyde should be avoided, 
samples promptly processed and fixed yielded reliable nucleic acid 
analysis.” Id. at 19–20 (citing Ex. 1047 ¶ 18). 
At the oral hearing, Petitioner further clarified its motivation-to-
combine story. Tr. 17:4–19:13. According to Petitioner, Chiu’s approach 
addressed possible maternal cell lysis with a sophisticated “research 
laboratory method”—involving “rapid processing” and either filtration or 
microcentrifugation after an initial centrifugation to produce essentially cell-
free plasma. Id. at 17:4–19:13. But, Petitioner contends, Chiu’s approach 
did not address “a real-world problem” where blood is “collected at remote 
locations” and would, thus, need to be shipped to a central laboratory for 
processing and cell-free DNA analysis. Id. So, under its theory, Petitioner 
“envision[s] . . . that there would be a need to eliminate this immediate 
processing [of Chiu],” the blood-collection “tube could either contain the 
formaldehyde or formaldehyde donor . . . or it could be added to the blood 
after collection,” and “[e]ither way, the point would be to then be able to 
transport it where, at a central location, it could be further processed 
because, naturally, it’s going to have to be centrifuged to -- to achieve 
plasma.” Id. 
 
23 As Petitioner’s counsel confirmed, its theory is based on addition of 
formaldehyde or formaldehyde donors, not other agents. Tr. 22:24–23:17. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
32 
 For the reasons above, Petitioner contends that claim 55 would have 
been obvious over Chiu, Lo, and Bianchi. 
2. 
Patent Owner’s Arguments 
Patent Owner raises several arguments why a POSA would not have 
been motivated to combine and modify the asserted prior art in the manner 
proposed by Petitioner with a reasonable expectation of success. PO Resp. 
8–25; PO Sur-Reply 2–13. We focus our discussion on two of Patent 
Owner’s arguments, discussed in detail below, because we find such 
argument and related evidence decisive on this record. 
First, Patent Owner argues that a POSA would not have combined 
Bianchi with Chiu and Lo because doing so would have been thought to 
permeabilize (add gaps or holes in) maternal cells in the blood sample of 
Chiu/Lo, allowing DNA to escape and diluting the extracellular fraction of 
the sample, contrary to Chiu’s goals. PO Resp. 15–20. 
According to Patent Owner, Bianchi’s cell-focused, cell-isolation 
protocols are fundamentally different from Chiu’s and Lo’s methods for 
analyzing cell-free DNA in a maternal plasma sample. Id. at 15; PO Sur-
Reply 7–8 (citing Ex. 2299, 152:21–155:3) (Dr. Edwards’s testimony that 
Bianchi’s paraformaldehyde is added to isolated mononuclear cells 
resuspended in a buffer—not blood samples that contain free nucleic acids)). 
Patent Owner contends that Bianchi is unconcerned with analysis of any 
extracellular blood component, much less cell-free DNA or cffDNA; as 
Patent Owner notes, the extracellular fraction in Bianchi is washed away and 
“simply discarded.” PO Resp. 15–16 (citing Ex. 1004, 6:1–14); Ex. 1025, 
574, 593; Ex. 2078 ¶ 101). Also, Patent Owner contends, Bianchi is not 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
33 
concerned with reducing extracellular background from released DNA as 
evidenced by the fact that Bianchi’s method “permeabilizes cells” so that 
materials can traverse the cell membrane. Id. at 16. 
Patent Owner contends Bianchi’s permeabilization approach runs 
contrary to the goal of reducing DNA background in the extracellular 
fraction of the sample, as in Chiu’s or Lo’s methods for analyzing cffDNA. 
PO Resp. 17–19. Although Bianchi endeavors to retain “substantially all” 
the target analytes as well as the DNA within the target cells, Patent Owner 
contends that “even in the best scenario, its methods allow cellular 
contents—including DNA—to escape.” Id. at 17–18 (citing Ex. 1004, 1:42–
48, 3:32–35; Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 104–108). Patent Owner cites Bianchi’s disclosure 
that as much as 50% of the cellular molecules and DNA can escape 
notwithstanding Bianchi’s preference for lower percentages down to about 
1%. Id. (citing Ex. 1004, 1:42–48). Citing Dr. Van Ness’s testimony, 
explaining the improbability that such lower DNA leakage rates would be 
expected in practice, Patent Owner contends that “[e]ven if the most 
preferred percentages were achieved, . . . a POSA would have appreciated 
that releasing 1% of cellular DNA in a sample” would add background DNA 
and “significantly dilute[] the cell-free fetal DNA Chiu and Lo seek to 
detect.” Id. at 17–19 (citing Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 103–110 (Dr. Van Ness’s 
testimony explaining why this would frustrate Chiu’s goals and method, 
greatly diminishing cffDNA concentrations); Ex. 2101, 107:21–108:17, 
113:23–114:5 (Dr. Edwards’s testimony that “any” leakage will “cause the 
fetal fraction to go down”)). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
34 
Patent Owner also contends that Petitioner’s theory “cherry-picks” 
paraformaldehyde from Bianchi and mischaracterizes the paraformaldehyde 
incubation as a “stabilization step.” PO Resp. 19–20. According to Patent 
Owner, “Bianchi incubates with paraformaldehyde as part of the 
‘permeabilization method’ (Ex. 1004, 3:36–43, Claim 8) and never 
describes paraformaldehyde as ‘stabilizing’ cells.” Id. (“Bianchi provides 
no information about how that paraformaldehyde solution would affect cells 
without the permeabilizing reagents in Chiu and Lo’s methods.”). In any 
case, Patent Owner contends, even if a POSA would have understood that 
paraformaldehyde performs some cell-stabilizing function, Petitioner’s own 
expert admitted on cross-examination that Bianchi’s paraformaldehyde 
treatment “will cause gaps in the [cell] membrane.” Id. (quoting Ex. 2101, 
102:15–103:20); see also Ex. 2101, 38:11–39:20 (testimony of Dr. Edwards 
that “there will probably be holes in the membrane when you add 
[formaldehyde] to a cell.”). 
Second, Patent Owner argues that a POSA would not have been 
motivated to use Bianchi’s formaldehyde-based reagent in a modified 
Chiu/Lo method, and would not have reasonably expected success in doing 
so, because it was known that formaldehyde can damage DNA, and the 
cffDNA of Chiu/Lo is already a very scarce analyte. PO Resp. 21–25. As 
Patent Owner notes, “reasons to combine cannot be viewed in a vacuum 
apart from evidence suggesting reasons not to combine.” Id. (quoting Arctic 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
35 
Cat Inc. v. Bombardier Recreational Prods. Inc., 876 F.3d 1350, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017)). 
According to Patent Owner, many sources reported on 
formaldehyde’s detrimental effects on nucleic acids, undermining 
Petitioner’s reasons for adding it to the methods of Chiu/Lo. Id.; Ex. 2078 
¶¶ 113–117. Patent Owner and Dr. Van Ness explain that interactions 
between formaldehyde and cell-free DNA, let alone cffDNA in plasma, were 
previously unknown (Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 115–116); but even as to DNA more 
generally, studies warned against using formaldehyde due to potential harm 
to nucleic acids. PO Resp. 22. The Srinivasan review article, for instance, 
states that “[a] method to overcome the problems of formaldehyde is to use 
an alternative fixative that is better suited for the preservation of nucleic 
acids and proteins.” Ex. 2150, 1966; see also id. at 1964–65 (noting 
“considerable evidence suggests that formaldehyde induces DNA 
degradation” and “formaldehyde initiates DNA denaturation . . . at the AT-
rich regions of double-stranded DNA creating sites for chemical 
interaction”). 
According to Patent Owner, interactions between formaldehyde and 
DNA were known to arise from a number of detrimental effects. PO Resp. 
22–23; see, e.g., Ex. 2139, 945 (“Swenberg”). Swenberg, for example, 
discloses “single-stranded DNA breaks,” “DNA-protein crosslinks,” “sister 
chromatid exchanges,” and “chromosome aberrations and mutations” 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
36 
resulting from the use of formaldehyde as a cellular fixative.24 Such 
concerns about the potential for DNA damage, in the opinion of Dr. Van 
Ness, would have dissuaded the POSA from using formaldehyde (or 
paraformaldehyde) for a novel application with cffDNA detection and 
analysis. PO Resp. 23–24 (citing Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 115–116). As Patent Owner 
explains, the analysis of cffDNA was a completely new and developing 
field. Id. (explaining that, before the late 1990s and discovery of cffDNA 
circulating in plasma, the plasma portion of the sample was “routinely 
discarded” (quoting Ex. 2038, 2:5–9)). 
Continuing, Patent Owner argues, Petitioner has produced no 
evidence suggesting a use of formaldehyde in the context relevant here—for 
the preparation and analysis of cell-free nucleic acids. PO Sur-Reply 10–11. 
Patent Owner notes the many differences between cellular DNA and cell-
free DNA, including that the latter is smaller, limited in quantity, and easily 
damaged. Id. at 12–13 (citing Ex. 2086 ¶ 4; Ex. 2299, 28:19–30:22 
 
24 Patent Owner cites several other references as evidencing the problems 
with formaldehyde’s use, including damage to nucleic acids. Although such 
references do appear to report consistently on drawbacks with formaldehyde, 
many of those references post-date the filing date of the ’277 patent by 
years. See, e.g., PO Resp. 23–24 (citing Ex. 2155, published in 2005); 
Ex. 2047, published in 2018. For purposes of this decision, we do not rely 
on these references. 
 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
37 
(testimony of Dr. Edwards that “the list is quite long in terms of the 
differences”)).25 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s theory that a POSA would 
have expected that formaldehyde could be used safely and effectively with 
cell-free fetal DNA analysis does not hold up to scrutiny. PO Sur-Reply 10–
13. Patent Owner cites Dr. Edwards’s admission that formaldehyde can 
damage DNA, including cell-free DNA. Id. at 10–11 (citing Ex. 2299, 
57:23–58:4). Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s citation to Srinivasan 
does not fill the holes in Petitioner’s theory because Srinivasan does not 
discuss cell-free DNA at all; if anything, Srinivasan “urges avoiding” 
formaldehyde even for “tissue [(i.e., cellular)] nucleic acids.” Id. (citing Ex. 
1051, 1964–1966; Ex. 2299, 41:17–25). On whether a POSA would be 
unconcerned with formaldehyde’s problems or just “tailor” conditions (time 
of fixation, concentrations, etc.) to address them (see, e.g., Pet. Reply 20), 
Patent Owner contends that notion is at odds with testimony of Petitioner’s 
own expert in related litigation. Id. at 9–10 (citing Ex. 2300 ¶ 390 
 
25 Patent Owner also points to a recent Board decision as recognizing the 
differences between cellular and cell-free DNA, and whether fixatives are 
interchangeable for use with them. PO Sur-Reply 12–13 (citing Ex Parte 
Fernando, Appeal No. 2021-003268, 2022 WL 855866, at *12 (PTAB Mar. 
21, 2022) (crediting the argument that “stabilization methods suitable for 
stabilization of blood samples do[] not necessarily translate into suitable 
stabilization methods for cell-free fetal nucleic acids”)). That case relates to 
an appeal of the Office’s rejection of claims in a January 19, 2010, patent 
application owned by third-party Streck, Inc. Ex. 2298, 1–2. That decision 
was based on specific arguments raised in that case and the record developed 
there; it does not control the outcome in this IPR. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
38 
(testimony of Dr. Larry Dumont about formaldehyde degrading nucleic 
acids and inhibiting PCR, even at low concentrations)). Moreover, Patent 
Owner contends, Petitioner’s invocation of Srinivasan’s “criteria” for using 
formaldehyde (e.g., limiting exposure to “3 to 6 hours” to reduce DNA 
damage) conflicts with Petitioner’s proffered motivation to stabilize blood 
samples for longer than 24–48 hours, so that samples may be shipped away 
to a central lab for centrifugation and cffDNA analysis. Id. at 11–12. 
According to Patent Owner, Petitioner never clarifies how the POSA would 
apply such “criteria” to stabilize blood for the long durations of 
formaldehyde exposure contemplated by Petitioner’s modified 
Chiu/Lo/Bianchi method. Id. 
For at least the above reasons, Patent Owner contends Petitioner has 
not met its burden to prove, by a preponderance of the evidence, that 
claim 55 is unpatentable as obvious over Chiu in view of Lo and Bianchi. 
3. 
Analysis 
On this record, we agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner has not 
carried its burden to establish that a POSA would have been motivated to 
add paraformaldehyde to the modified blood sampling and cffDNA 
detection method of Chiu/Lo.26 More specifically, we find on this record 
 
26 WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(“Whether an ordinarily skilled artisan would have been motivated to 
modify the teachings of a reference is a question of fact.”) (citations 
omitted); Alza Corp. v. Mylan Labs., Inc., 464 F.3d 1286, 1289 (Fed. Cir. 
2006) (“The presence or absence of a motivation to combine references in an 
obviousness determination is a pure question of fact”). 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
39 
that a POSA would have been dissuaded from adding Bianchi’s 
paraformaldehyde because the POSA would have expected Bianchi’s 
paraformaldehyde to create gaps in the cell membranes, providing a means 
for maternal DNA to escape into the sample. We also find on this record 
that a POSA would have been dissuaded from adding paraformaldehyde to 
the modified method of Chiu/Lo because formaldehyde was known to 
damage nucleic acids.27 Patent Owner’s reasoning and evidence on those 
issues, separately and cumulatively, outweigh Petitioner’s comparatively 
weak showing on whether a POSA would have combined the art in the 
manner proposed. We discuss in greater detail below. 
We begin with the issue that paraformaldehyde contributes to 
permeabilization of the cellular membrane. We credit Dr. Van Ness’s 
opinion that adopting Bianchi’s approach to treating cells with 
paraformaldehyde creates a means for cellular DNA to escape. Ex. 2078 
¶¶ 102–104; Ex. 2101, 106:4–19 (testimony of Dr. Edwards agreeing that 
“DNA is one thing that can escape a cell when you permeabilize it”). 
Although Bianchi discloses a desire to keep “substantially all” of the target 
molecules inside the cells, by Bianchi’s own definition, “substantially all” 
includes leakage of up to 50% of the target molecules and cellular DNA. 
 
27 When asked whether he considered “any differences between 
paraformaldehyde and formaldehyde that might be relevant to DNA damage 
in forming your opinions,” Dr. Edwards testified “[t]here should be no 
differences” and that “[i]n this field, these terms are often used 
interchangeably.” Ex. 2299, 69:3–20. We find, therefore, that the issues, 
including DNA damage, with formaldehyde would have been understood to 
also apply to paraformaldehyde on this record. 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
40 
Ex. 1004, 1:42–49; Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 106–108. We find that increasing potential 
leakage of DNA from the maternal cells runs counter to Chiu’s objectives. 
As Dr. Edwards concedes, “DNA leaking out of cells” is something “Chiu 
tells us you do not want it to happen.” Ex. 2101, 107, 21–25. 
Petitioner contends that its modification of Chiu relies only on 
Bianchi’s alleged “stabilization” step. Pet. Reply 19 (arguing that Bianchi 
“included a permeabilization step separate from the fixation step”) (citing 
Ex. 1045, 171:3–11 (testimony of Dr. Van Ness that he has performed 
assays with permeabilization and fixation steps)). We agree with Patent 
Owner, however, that Bianchi does not describe using paraformaldehyde in 
any separate stabilization or fixing step. PO Sur-Reply 7–8. Instead, 
Bianchi teaches a “permeabilization method” where the cell preparation is 
first incubated in paraformaldehyde and “then is incubated permeabilized” 
in a solution containing alcohol. Ex. 1004, 3:36–44 (emphasis added); 
Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 102–103 (testimony of Dr. Van Ness discussing Bianchi’s 
permeabilization process). This suggests the paraformaldehyde incubation 
contributes, to at least some degree, to permeabilizing cells. And, even if the 
POSA would understand that paraformaldehyde provides some cell-
stabilization function, Dr. Edwards admits that adding formaldehyde or 
paraformaldehyde will likely create “holes” and “gaps” in the cell 
membrane—even as the membrane becomes more rigid. Ex. 2101, 38:11–
39:20 (testifying “there will probably be holes in the membrane when you 
add it to a cell” because “[i]t’s a pretty harsh treatment on cells” and “my 
guess is that it would impact the entire fluidity of the membrane”), 103:15–
20 (testifying that, as in Bianchi, “using a fixative to basically probably 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
41 
rigidify, if you will, the cell, which will cause gaps in the membrane in some 
ways probably”). 
Returning to DNA leakage, we acknowledge that Bianchi prefers that 
greater amounts of DNA stay in the cells. See Ex. 1004, 1:42–48 (disclosing 
a range: a lower bound of “preferably 50%” and an upper bound of “more 
preferably 95” and “most preferably 99% or greater” of “the DNA of the cell 
remain in the cell”). But we credit Dr. Van Ness’s unrebutted testimony that 
Bianchi does not disclose how the POSA could adjust its techniques so the 
cells may leak at greater or lesser rates, and that a POSA would understand 
the probability of obtaining a leakage rate of 1% is low. Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 100–
102. Assuming the improbable occurred, and only about 1% of the DNA 
escaped, Dr. Van Ness testifies persuasively that a “POSA would realize that 
releasing 1% of cellular DNA in a sample in Chiu would have a negative 
effect on Chiu’s fetal cell-free DNA analyses.” Id. ¶¶ 107–108 (citing 
Dr. Edwards’s testimony (Ex. 2101, 113:23–114:5): Q “[D]id you consider 
what effect leaking 1 percent of the cellular DNA in samples in Chiu would 
have on Chiu’s free fetal DNA percentages? A[:] Well, leaking any is 
going to cause the fetal fraction to go down.”)). Indeed, Dr. Edwards admits 
that “any DNA escaping from cells in Chiu can lower the free fetal fraction 
in a sample”—contrary to Chiu’s goals. Ex. 2101, 107:21–108:11. 
Petitioner vaguely invokes “general knowledge” in response, and contends 
that Bianchi’s “fixation” step is the only important disclosure (discussed 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
42 
above). Pet. Reply 17–19.28 Petitioner does not, however, provide 
persuasive argument or evidence to explain why creating holes in the cell 
membranes—possibly releasing 1% or more of the maternal DNA—would 
have been seen by the POSA as acceptable in the Chiu/Lo modified method. 
On this record, we find the DNA leakage that would have been 
expected from adding paraformaldehyde undermines Petitioner’s position 
that a POSA would have been motivated to modify Chiu/Lo as proposed. 
We also agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner has not established 
that the POSA would have been motivated to add paraformaldehyde to the 
modified blood sampling and cffDNA-detection method of Chiu/Lo because 
the current record supports a connection between formaldehyde’s use and 
DNA damage. On balance, we are persuaded on this record that the POSA 
would have had significant, unresolved concerns with introducing 
formaldehyde, and its potential to adversely affect cffDNA in the modified 
method of Chiu/Lo, undermining Petitioner’s challenge. 
Cellular DNA and cell-free DNA are not the same thing. Dr. Edwards 
confirms this—explaining that they are “quite different,” and that the list of 
 
28 Dr. Edwards’s Supplemental Declaration devotes five paragraphs to a 
response on the issue of motivation to combine (covering all grounds). 
Ex. 1047 ¶¶ 14–18. Much of that testimony relates to a purported need to 
stabilize and ship samples to central labs and a known use of formaldehyde 
as a cellular fixative (with no apparent suggested or reported use with cell-
free DNA). Id. We have considered this testimony, but find that it provides 
no direct or persuasive response to Dr. Van Ness’s testimony, which we 
credit on this record, about the concerns with leaking even small proportions 
of maternal DNA in a cffDNA detection method under Petitioner’s 
modification of the art. Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 102–108. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
43 
differences is “quite long.” Ex. 2299, 29:7–30:22. It is not simply the 
location of the DNA as intracellular versus extracellular; there are also 
structural and biochemical differences. For example, cell-free DNA are 
short fragments compared to cellular DNA which is typically long, genomic 
DNA. Id. (noting the scale of the size difference with cell-free DNA 
typically “very small, on the order of a hundred base pairs” whereas cellular 
DNA may be “hundreds of millions of bases long”). There are also 
differences in methylation patterns and binding proteins—cellular DNA is 
predominantly intact, wrapped around proteins forming chromatin (a 
DNA/protein complex). Id.; see also id. at 32:11–16 (cell-free DNA is 
comparatively protein free (the DNA/protein complex form is eliminated)); 
Ex. 2101, 101:2–12. Patent Owner cites evidence on additional differences 
that are alleged to create obstacles to cffDNA recovery, including that it is 
available in limited quantities, can be diluted due to lysis, and is “easily 
damaged.” Ex. 2086 (Hunsley Decl.) ¶ 4. Dr. Edwards agreed that cffDNA 
is small, available in limited quantities, and diluted by lysis, and “agree[d] it 
can be damaged” but demurred, “I don’t know if I agree with the easily 
part.” Ex. 2299, 158:19–161:22. 
A key question presented in this case is whether a POSA would have 
been concerned with formaldehyde’s potential effects on DNA, and cell-free 
fetal DNA in particular. Petitioner argues that a POSA would have been 
motivated to try “other means for reducing [maternal DNA] background,” 
including adding paraformaldehyde to the method of Chiu/Lo, but the 
Petition does little to address whether that addition would have been 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
44 
expected to adversely affect cell-free DNA, much less cffDNA.29 Pet. 28. 
Bianchi does not speak specifically to that issue because, as Dr. Edwards 
admits, the DNA mentioned in Bianchi is “cellular” DNA and whatever 
DNA escapes the cells is just washed away. Ex. 2299, 59:16–19; Ex. 1004, 
6:1–14); Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 101, 110. And, although Dr. Edwards concedes that it 
was known that formaldehyde can damage DNA—and the record includes 
evidence cautioning against the use of formaldehyde-containing compounds, 
even for applications that involved cellular DNA—Dr. Edwards admitted 
that, for his initial analysis, he “didn’t consider whether the negative impacts 
of formaldehyde might have led someone in 2002 to pick a different 
chemical instead.” Ex. 2101, 68:3–17; Ex. 2299, 57:23–58:4 (“[Y]ou don’t 
dispute that formaldehyde has the potential to damage DNA including cell-
free DNA, right? A[:] That is correct, It has the potential.”). Petitioner’s 
evidence in support of its alleged motivation to add paraformaldehyde is 
deficient on this record. 
Patent Owner responded with evidence that a POSA would have been 
concerned about the detrimental effects of formaldehyde on nucleic acids. 
Srinivasan, for example, notes that attempts to extract usable DNA from 
formaldehyde fixed tissues have only been “variably successful,” explaining 
 
29 Petitioner initially suggested that paraformaldehyde might “replace” 
EDTA in Chiu’s samples and method. Pet. 28. It is unclear why a POSA 
would have thought that paraformaldehyde might replace EDTA, the 
anticoagulant in Chiu (and Lo). Petitioner directs us to no evidence showing 
paraformaldehyde or formaldehyde were considered alternatives to an 
anticoagulant, or suggesting plasma samples (as in Chiu or Lo) could be 
prepared without an anticoagulant. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
45 
that “considerable evidence suggests that formaldehyde induces DNA 
degradation” with “few” studies reporting yield of high-molecular weight 
DNA. Ex. 2150, 1964 (disclosing “formaldehyde initiates DNA 
denaturation” and a high frequency of “sequence alteration”). Srinivasan 
further indicates that “the problems of formaldehyde” might be overcome by 
“use [of] an alternative fixative that is better suited for the preservation of 
nucleic acids.” Id. at 1966. Patent Owner also cites Swenberg, as it reports 
on the problems with using formaldehyde, even with cellular applications 
and cellular DNA. PO Resp. 21–22 (citing Ex. 2139, 1 (identifying “DNA 
breaks” among other problems)). We credit Dr. Van Ness’s opinion that 
such disclosures in the literature would have dissuaded a POSA from using 
formaldehyde or paraformaldehyde in the Chiu/Lo modified method. 
Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 114–115. That is especially so here, where we have a dearth of 
evidence suggesting formaldehyde’s use in a sample where cell-free DNA is 
the analyte, and no sufficient, persuasive evidence or technical reasoning to 
explain why a POSA would not have been concerned with potential damage 
to the cffDNA. 
In its Reply, Petitioner ignores Swenberg and embraces Srinivasan’s 
alleged “criteria” for “the use of formaldehyde as a nucleic acid fixative.” 
Pet. Reply 20 (citing Ex. 1051, 1965). Insofar as Petitioner suggests that 
Srinivasan discloses criteria for the use of formaldehyde to fix free nucleic 
acids, Petitioner is incorrect. It does not. The portion of Srinivasan cited by 
Petitioner relates to use as “tissue nucleic acid fixative”—in other words, 
cellular nucleic acids. Ex. 1051, 1965 (emphasis added). Petitioner’s expert 
admits that Srinivasan does not discuss cell-free DNA or cffDNA. Ex. 2299, 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
46 
41:15–25 (“Q[:] Is it your understanding that the Srivastan [sic] paper 
discusses cell-free DNA at all? A[:] No just DNA damage due to 
fixation.”) (emphasis added)). On balance here, we find that Srinivasan is 
not specific to cell-free DNA and otherwise discourages formaldehyde’s use 
due to potential harms to DNA more generally. 
Petitioner also never explains how the cited “criteria” in Srinivasan 
align with Petitioner’s proffered modification to Chiu/Lo. As discussed 
above, Petitioner purports to modify the Chiu/Lo method so that the cells are 
stabilized with paraformaldehyde for relatively long time periods—more 
than 24 to 48 hours to enable shipping off-site to a central lab. See supra 
Section II(E)(1)(c). That theory stands in tension with Srinivasan’s 
disclosure that duration of tissue fixation should not exceed 3–6 hours. 
Ex. 1051, 1965; see Pet. Reply 20 (arguing a POSA would know that “long 
durations or high concentrations of formaldehyde should be avoided, [but] 
samples promptly processed and fixed yielded reliable nucleic acid analysis” 
(citing Ex. 1047 ¶ 18 (citing Srinivasan’s 3–6 hour fixation time)) (emphasis 
added). Petitioner has not reconciled Srinivasan’s disclosures with 
Petitioner’s theory for modifying Chiu, Lo, and Bianchi, which theory 
presumes a long and sustained exposure of the maternal blood sample to 
paraformaldehyde. 
When asked at the oral hearing how its theory was compatible with 
criteria indicating exposure of no more than 3–6 hours, Petitioner responded 
that there was an alleged “need for formaldehyde donors and quenchers, 
which is actually what’s been adopted in the industry.” Tr. 20:22–21:14 
(identifying “Cyto-Chex and Rao reference,” as well as the ’517 patent 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
47 
(Ex. 1049)). If Petitioner wanted to assert a combination based on Chiu and 
Streck’s ’517 patent, it could have made that argument in the Petition. It did 
not. Petitioner also never proposed as part of its theory in any paper that a 
POSA would have further added “quenchers” to its combination of Chiu and 
Bianchi. The oral hearing is too late. (At best, Petitioner’s response at oral 
argument citing Cyto-Chex and Rao relates to its second ground, which we 
address below.) When pressed on the fact that Petitioner’s theory requires 
cffDNA undergo “sustained exposure to whatever the stabilizer is,” counsel 
shifted again, noting “different variables . . . that you could use, you could 
decrease the concentration of formaldehyde.” Id. at 22:7–19. This too is not 
explained sufficiently in Petitioner’s papers. It is of the “utmost 
importance” that a petitioner identify with particularity its theories and 
supporting evidence in the petition itself. Intelligent Bio-Systems, Inc. v. 
Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (explaining 
that such particularity is required by statute under 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3)). 
Finally, we agree with Patent Owner that, inasmuch as Petitioner is 
suggesting a POSA might simply “tailor” the processing conditions for using 
formaldehyde effectively, Petitioner’s argument fails. PO Sur-Reply 9–10. 
As Patent Owner explains persuasively, Petitioner leaves it “entirely 
unclear” what those specific conditions are and how they would be modified 
to render formaldehyde safe for use with Chiu’s and Lo’s cffDNA. Id. 
Petitioner’s suggestion is also at odds with testimony from its expert in the 
parallel litigation. Id. at 10 (citing Ex. 2300). Indeed, in that proceeding, 
Dr. Larry Dumont testified that “formaldehyde . . . ha[s] been demonstrated 
to degrade nucleic acids,” that “low concentrations of formaldehyde . . . 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
48 
significantly inhibit[] (or eliminates altogether) the ability to successfully 
perform PCR amplification on DNA,” and that “literature suggests that these 
‘agents’ would not be compatible with standard methods used to detect and 
analyze DNA.”)). Ex. 2300 ¶ 390.30 Petitioner has not shown sufficiently, 
on this record, that a POSA would have understood that paraformaldehyde 
could be used effectively with the Chiu/Lo cffDNA. The evidence presented 
by Patent Owner undermines Petitioner’s assertion that a POSA would have 
been motivated to modify Chiu/Lo as proposed. 
Altogether, considering the argument and evidence presented through 
trial, Petitioner does not persuade us that a POSA would have been 
motivated to combine and modify Chiu, Lo, and Bianchi in the manner 
proposed to arrive at the subject matter of claim 55.31 
4. 
Dependent claims 82–91, 94–96 and 133 
Claims 56–63, 66–69, 80, and 127–132 all depend from claim 55. For 
these dependent claims, Patent Owner raises the same arguments as 
addressed above. PO Resp. 8 (argument for “All Claims”). Petitioner’s 
challenge to the dependent claims relies on its claim 55 analysis (see, e.g., 
Pet. 29–33), and Petitioner does not argue or show that its challenge to the 
dependent claims makes up for deficiencies we have noted above. Pet. 
 
30 It appears Dr. Dumont’s testimony related, in particular, to whether certain 
of the ’277 patent’s claims were enabled. See, e.g., Ex. 2300 ¶ 369. 
31 We need not reach Patent Owner’s argument on secondary considerations 
of nonobviousness here. See Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. v. f’real Foods, 
LLC, 908 F.3d 1328, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (holding that there is no need to 
reach objective indicia of nonobviousness where the petitioner has not made 
a showing necessary to prevail on threshold obviousness issues). 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
49 
Reply 14–21 (same responsive argument for all claims); see supra Section 
II(E)(3). Thus, we conclude that Petitioner has not proved that claims 56–
63, 66–69, 80, and 127–132 are unpatentable based on the combination of 
Chiu, Lo, and Bianchi. In re Fritch, 972 F.2d 1260, 1266 (Fed. Cir. 1992) 
(“[D]ependent claims are nonobvious if the independent claims from which 
they depend are nonobvious.”). 
 Obviousness over Chiu, Lo, and Rao 
Petitioner asserts that claims 55–63, 66–69, 80, and 127–132 would 
have been obvious over Chiu, Lo, and Rao. Pet. 41–60; see id. at 41–48 
(claim 55). Chiu, Lo, and Rao are discussed above. See Section II(D)(1), 
(3), (4). Petitioner’s theory on Chiu, Lo, and Rao is substantially similar to 
the Chiu/Lo/Bianchi challenge. Petitioner relies on the same teachings in 
Chiu and Lo as disclosing methods for processing blood samples and 
isolating and analyzing cffDNA from maternal plasma to determine a 
sequence of a locus of interest on such DNA. Id. at 41–43. As with the 
grounds above, Petitioner contends that Chiu and Lo do not teach a lysis-
inhibiting “agent” as claimed and, thus, Petitioner turns to Rao in a similar 
way to Bianchi. Id. at 44–45. Petitioner contends that a POSA “would have 
been motivated to try alternative or additional agents to EDTA to reduce cell 
lysis and to avoid a filtration step or an extra centrifugation step as suggested 
by Chiu to remove maternal cells and cellular debris” and, like it did with 
Bianchi, Petitioner contends that Rao discloses “an alternative” by teaching 
cell-stabilizing compounds that may stabilize rare cells. Id. at 45–47 (citing 
Ex. 1005, Abstr.; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 30, 37, 51–52). According to Petitioner, Rao 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
50 
identifies commercial stabilizers like “Cyto-ChexTM from Streck 
Laboratories,” a “formaldehyde donor” like “imidazolidinyl urea . . . [or] 
paraformaldehyde,” or an “aldehyde” like “formaldehyde.” Id. at 45. 
Petitioner’s motivation to combine and reasonable expectation of 
success positions largely mirror its argument on Chiu/Lo/Bianchi. Id. at 45–
48. Petitioner contends a POSA would have been motivated to try other 
means to reduce maternal DNA background, including adding agents to 
inhibit cell lysis, and to determine whether such agents provide advantages 
over Chiu’s use of EDTA with filtration or microcentrifugation step and to 
possibly eliminate those “extra steps.” Id. at 47 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 51); see 
also id. (arguing a POSA would have been motivated to add agents “such as 
the agents described in Rao” to reduce apoptosis during storage and possibly 
simplify Chiu’s processing steps “(i.e., by eliminating a second 
centrifugation or filtration step)”). According to Petitioner, a POSA “would 
have had a reasonable expectation that use of an aldehyde, or other cell lysis 
inhibitor disclosed in Rao, in place of or in addition to the EDTA and second 
centrifugation and/or filtration steps in Chiu’s methods, would have been 
successful for detecting fetal nucleic acids in a sample as both techniques 
inhibit cell lysis and would have been expected to reduce assay background 
noise created by lysed maternal cells.” Id. at 47–48 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 52). 
Petitioner expounds on its motivation theory as discussed above 
(supra Section II(E)(1)(c)), and, although Petitioner’s assertions in the 
Petition, noted immediately above, refer somewhat vaguely to adding Rao’s 
alleged “agents” to Chiu/Lo, Petitioner confirms that its theory is based on 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
51 
the addition of formaldehyde or formaldehyde donors, not other agents in 
Rao. Tr. 22:24–23:17.32 
Based on Petitioner’s overlapping argument, Patent Owner’s 
argument against the combination of Chiu/Lo/Rao tracks its argument about 
Chiu/Lo/Bianchi, discussed above. PO Resp. 38–48.33 For example, Patent 
Owner contends that Rao’s cell-detection approach adds agents that “creat[e] 
more permeable cells that allow particles to travel through their membrane, 
thus increasing the potential release of DNA from cells.” Id. at 43–44 
(citing Ex. 1005, 3:21–25, 12:26–30, 13:16–23; Ex. 2078 ¶ 144 (testimony 
of Dr. Van Ness that applying Rao’s teachings would increase the risk of 
releasing DNA and increasing DNA background)). Patent Owner also 
argues, like it did with Bianchi, that Rao is unrelated to detection or analysis 
 
32 Petitioner has argued that Cyto-Chex blood collection tubes “contain[] 
EDTA and a formaldehyde donor (imidazoli[di]nyl urea).” Pet. Reply 12 
(citing Ex. 1050, 9:12–17); see also Ex. 2086 ¶ 6 (testimony of Brad 
Hunsley, Streck Inc.’s Director of Research & Development that Streck’s 
Cyto-Chex blood-collection tubes have been available for sale since about 
2003, and that such products are the subject of US Patent Application No. 
10/605,669 (which appears to be the application filed October 16, 2003, that 
issued April 6, 2021, as US 10,966,421 (Ex. 1050)). For purposes of this 
decision, we will treat that characterization of Cyto-Chex by Petitioner as 
accurate and that it includes a formaldehyde donor. We note, however, that 
Rao does not explicitly list Cyto-Chex’s components. 
33 Patent Owner disputed the prior-art status of Rao for dependent claims 60 
and 132. PO Sur-Reply 14–18. Petitioner, conversely, alleged that such 
claims do not have an effective date before August 29, 2003, and, if they 
did, Rao would still be prior art based on Rao’s provisional application filing 
date in August 2001. Pet Reply 4–13. We need not decide this issue to 
resolve the case because, even if Rao is prior art for all claims, Petitioner’s 
challenge based on Chiu/Lo/Rao fails for other reasons, as discussed herein. 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
52 
of cell-free DNA; to the extent DNA is mentioned in Rao, Patent Owner 
argues Rao describes concerns with formaldehyde, including its negative 
impacts on DNA. Id. at 45–46; Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 145–146 (Dr. Van Ness 
explaining, inter alia, that Rao discards the extracellular fraction of its 
samples), 147 (opining, e.g., that Rao discloses that formaldehyde released 
from formaldehyde donors was known to “irreversibly cross link[] nucleic 
acids,” citing Ex. 1005, 4:8–11); PO Sur-Reply 19–20 (citing Ex. 2299, 
146:11–147:21 (admissions of Dr. Edwards that Rao does not analyze 
plasma or DNA, or determine whether its stabilizers had caused harm to 
DNA or rendered it unsuitable for assay methods like PCR)). 
Continuing, Patent Owner argues, “Petitioner’s focus on 
formaldehyde for its Chiu/Lo/Rao combination suffers from the same 
deficiency as its Chiu/Lo/Bianchi combination.” PO Resp. 46. Like it 
argued above, Patent Owner contends Petitioner fails to address adequately 
the dangers of formaldehyde and its known potential to damage nucleic acid 
products. Id. at 46–48 (citing Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 149–154; cross-referencing its 
argument and evidence contra the Chiu/Lo/Bianchi combination). 
According to Patent Owner, as with publications such as Srinivasan, “Rao 
itself would have dissuaded a POSA from using formaldehyde” because of 
its noted problems and deficiencies. Id. at 47 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2150, 1966 
(recommending alternative fixatives even for cellular applications); 
Ex. 1005, 4:8–13 (Rao disclosing that formaldehyde from donors is reported 
to react with nucleic acid bases and irreversibly cross-link DNA); Ex. 2101, 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
53 
150:4–16 (testimony of Dr. Edwards that formaldehyde will “cause cross-
links to DNA”)).34 
Rather than substantially repeat the analysis and evidence discussed 
above (supra Section II(E)(3)-(4)), we cross-reference and adopt that 
discussion here. In summary, we find that Petitioner has not proved by a 
preponderance of the evidence that a POSA would have added formaldehyde 
or a formaldehyde donor from Rao to the modified method of Chiu/Lo. As 
explained above, we find on this record that a POSA would have been 
discouraged from adding reagents that would create holes in the cells 
because that provides a route for DNA to escape and add undesired maternal 
background DNA. Dr. Edwards admits that formaldehyde will “create holes 
in membranes” and characterizes formaldehyde as “a pretty harsh treatment 
on cells . . . when you do this.” Ex. 2101, 39:8–15; see also id. at 107:22–25 
(testifying that DNA leaking from cells is something “Chiu tells us you do 
not want it to happen”); Ex. 2078 ¶ 144 (testifying that Rao’s treatment of 
cells makes them more permeable). 
Even if the DNA leakage issue would not have caused the POSA to 
turn away from introducing formaldehyde, we credit Patent Owner’s rebuttal 
evidence showing that formaldehyde was known to cause problems, 
including DNA breaks and degradation, even relative to cellular applications 
 
34 Petitioner’s and Patent Owner’s argument in the respective Reply and Sur-
Reply about a motivation to combine Chiu/Lo/Rao are also substantially the 
same as argued for Chiu/Lo/Bianchi. Pet. Reply 14–21 (arguing all grounds 
together); PO Sur-Reply 18–20 (cross-referencing Chiu/Lo/Bianchi 
argument). 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
54 
and cellular DNA (as opposed to cell-free DNA, where formaldehyde’s 
effects were previously unknown and unreported). See, e.g., Ex. 2150, 
1964–1966. We also credit Dr. Van Ness’s opinion that concerns with 
formaldehyde would, on balance, have discouraged the POSA from using it 
in the context of cffDNA analysis. Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 148–154. Such evidence 
belies Petitioner’s assertion that a POSA would have been motivated to add 
formaldehyde or formaldehyde-releasing donor compounds to the method of 
Chiu/Lo. 
Even Rao discloses that “[f]ormaldehyde released from these so-
called formaldehyde donors has been reported to react with nucleic acid 
bases, particularly adenine, to reversibly form hydroxymethylol derivatives 
and methylene bridges thereby irreversibly crosslinking nucleic acids.” 
Ex. 1005, 4–11 (emphasis added); Ex. 2078 ¶ 147 (testimony of Dr. Van 
Ness that such cross-linking would be detrimental for nucleic-acid 
applications). Dr. Edwards admits that adding formaldehyde “could induce 
cross-links, and they need to be reversed” in order to amplify cffDNA for 
analysis. Ex. 2101, 150:3–151:2 (admitting formaldehyde’s addition will 
“cause cross-links to DNA”).35 How the “irreversible” DNA crosslinks of 
the sort described in Rao would be reversed, or why that would (or would 
not) be a concern, is left unaddressed by Petitioner. Pet. Reply 14–21 (not 
addressing this argument); Ex. 2078 ¶¶ 14–18 (rebuttal testimony of 
 
35 See Ex. 2101, 72:17–22 (“Q[:] But could cross-links on DNA affect one’s 
ability to amplify or detect the DNA? A[:] Well, one would need to reverse 
the cross-links, and then they should -- one should be able to amplify or 
detect the DNA.”). 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
55 
Dr. Edwards on motivation-to-combine issues, not addressing Rao’s 
disclosure of irreversible crosslinking of DNA by formaldehyde donors). 
Petitioner identified Cyto-Chex as a stabilizer disclosed in Rao, yet 
Cyto-Chex still involves a formaldehyde donor. Pet Reply 12 (asserting that 
Cyto-Chex includes the formaldehyde donor imidazolidinyl urea); see supra 
n.32. There is no dispute on this record that formaldehyde donors will still 
release formaldehyde. See, e.g., Ex. 1005, 3:26–4:20 (describing the release 
of formaldehyde by such donors). And, as such, we find here that similar 
concerns to those above would have discouraged the POSA’s use of Cyto-
Chex in a wholly new way involving cffDNA. 
During the oral hearing, Petitioner suggested for the first time that a 
POSA may have combined “formaldehyde donors and quenchers” to avoid 
damage from sustained exposure of cell-free DNA to formaldehyde. 
Tr. 20:22–21:14 (asserting that such combination is “actually what’s been 
adopted in the industry” and “that really gets us back to the Cyto-Chex and 
Rao reference,” and further “Cyto-Chex, according to the ’517 patent, can 
include a formaldehyde donor and a formaldehyde quencher”). As noted 
above, Petitioner never asserted in any pre-hearing paper that “quenchers” 
would be added in its combined prior art. Moreover, Streck’s ’517 patent 
(Ex. 1049) was not cited in the Petition. And, although it is cited in 
Petitioner’s Reply, Petitioner did not identify alleged teachings about 
“quenchers” to argue that a POSA would have selected such compounds for 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
56 
further addition in its Chiu/Lo/Rao combination.36 Pet. Reply 17–20. On 
this record, we find that Petitioner forfeited the argument that the POSA 
would have added formaldehyde-quenching compounds to its combination 
based on Chiu and Rao. Paper 44 (Order setting oral hearing), 4 (citing, e.g., 
Dell Inc. v. Acceleron, LLC, 884 F.3d 1364, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (holding 
that the Board is obligated under its own regulations to dismiss untimely 
argument “raised for the first time during oral argument”)). 
Even if we were to consider Petitioner’s untimely argument, Petitioner 
makes no persuasive showing that Streck’s ’517 patent relates to, or suggests 
any use of, formaldehyde donors with cell-free DNA or cffDNA. And, 
absent evidence tying the alleged industry practices to what a POSA would 
have done at the time the ’277 patent was filed, Petitioner’s assertion that 
what the industry has actually done is use formaldehyde donors and 
quencher compounds, even if true, does not weigh in favor of a 
determination of obviousness on this record. Moreover, the record here 
 
36 We recognize that Rao lists the ’517 patent among at least seven other 
Streck patents identified as disclosing stabilizing agents. Ex. 1005, 3:33–4:3 
(listing “US 5,849,517” among others). But it is not apparent, and Petitioner 
never argued, that the ’517 patent is incorporated by reference into Rao. 
Assuming arguendo that the ’517 patent is in some manner related to Cyto-
Chex, the mere disclosure of the ’517 patent in Rao does little to further 
Petitioner’s case, especially absent timely argument and evidence about the 
alleged obviousness of adding quenching compounds. In any event, there is 
evidence of record that the ’517 patent is not related to Cyto-Chex. Streck’s 
Director of R&D testified that another product called “Streck Cell Preserve” 
is the subject of the ’517 patent. Ex. 2086 ¶ 6; see also id. ¶ 7 (testifying 
that Cyto-Chex BCTs (blood collection tubes) are the subject of another 
patent application (which is not identified in Rao)). 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
57 
suggests that any industry adoption of such compounds for use with cffDNA 
analysis occurred only several years after the filing (in 2003) and 
publication (in 2004) of the application that matured into the challenged 
’277 patent. Ex. 1001, codes (22), (65)); Ex. 2109, cover page (U.S. Patent 
9,926,590, assigned to Streck, Inc., titled “Devices and Compositions for 
Preservation of Cell-Free Nucleic Acids” claiming priority through many 
applications, the earliest of which are in 2009 and 2010), 13:20–45 
(claim 1); Ex. 2108, 1 (Streck website listing U.S. Patent 9,926,590 as 
covering its “Cell-Free DNA BCT®”); Ex. 2086 ¶¶ 6–8 (testimony of 
Mr. Hunsley that, prior to 2010, “there is no literature to suggest use of 
Streck Cell Preserve or Cyto-Chex® BCT for use in fetal DNA recovery”). 
PO Sur-Reply 22 (citing Exs. 2108, 2109, 2086). 
For the reasons above, we conclude that Petitioner has not proved by a 
preponderance of the evidence on this record that claim 55 and its dependent 
claims challenged here are unpatentable as obvious over Chiu, Lo, and Rao. 
III. 
MOTIONS FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER AND TO SEAL 
Patent Owner moves for entry of a stipulated protective order and for 
an order sealing portions of the Patent Owner Response (Paper 19), all of 
Exhibits 2170–2173, and portions of Exhibit 2080. See Paper 19 (attaching 
stipulated protective order as Appendix A). That motion is unopposed. 
A party may move to seal confidential information including, inter 
alia, sensitive commercial information. Consolidated Patent Office Trial 
Practice Guide, 19 (Nov. 2019); 37 C.F.R. § 42.54. It is the movant’s 
burden to show good cause for sealing such information, and we balance the 
party’s asserted need for confidentiality with the strong public interest in 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
58 
open proceedings. Argentum Pharms. LLC v. Alcon Research, Ltd., 
IPR2017-01053, Paper 27 at 4 (PTAB Jan. 19, 2018) (informative). 
Patent Owner provides a sufficient explanation for sealing the relevant 
portions of the Patent Owner Response and the identified exhibits. 
Exhibits 2170–2173 are license or settlement agreements between Patent 
Owner and third parties setting forth, for example, payment terms and sales 
data. Patent Owner states that it produced those agreements with the 
permission of third parties on the condition that the agreements remain 
sealed. Paper 19, 3–4. The subject portions of the Patent Owner Response 
and Exhibit 2080 include discussions about those agreements. Patent Owner 
has also provided redacted versions of Exhibit 2080 and the Patent Owner 
Response (Paper 20) so the record may remain clear and reasonably open. 
Patent Owner has established good cause for sealing Exhibits 2170–
2173, portions of Ex. 2080, and the Patent Owner Response. The stipulated 
Protective Order includes minor changes from our default language. That 
Protective Order, Appendix A to Paper 19, is entered. 
Petitioner also filed a Motion to Seal (Paper 30). Petitioner contends 
that portions of its Reply (Paper 29), and portions of Exhibit 1054 
(deposition transcript of Paul K. Meyer) should be sealed because those 
papers include information that Patent Owner considers contain confidential 
business information (e.g., licensing practices). Paper 30, 1. Petitioner has 
also filed public redacted versions of the Petitioner Reply (Paper 31) and 
Exhibit 1054. For the same reasons discussed above regarding Patent 
Owner’s Motion to Seal, Petitioner has shown good cause for granting its 
motion. Petitioner’s Reply (Paper 30) and Exhibit 1054 are sealed. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
59 
IV. 
MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
Petitioner moves to exclude Exhibit 2301, a deposition transcript of 
Galla Chandra Rao (“Rao Transcript”) taken in connection with the lawsuit 
between Patent Owner and third party Quest Diagnostics Incorporated. See 
supra Section I(A) (listing related matters). Mot. to Exclude 1–3. Petitioner 
contends that the Rao Transcript should be excluded as inadmissible hearsay 
and as irrelevant. Mot. to Exclude 1–3 (citing Fed. R. Evid. 802, 401, 402, 
and 403). 
Because we do not rely on the Rao Transcript in making our 
determinations in this Final Written Decision, Petitioner’s Motion to 
Exclude is moot and, accordingly, dismissed. 
 
V. 
CONCLUSION 
In Summary: 
 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
55–63, 
66–69, 
80, 127–
132 
103(a) 
Chiu, Lo, Bianchi 
 
55–63, 66–69, 
80, 127–132 
55–63, 
66–69, 
80, 127–
132 
103(a) 
Chiu, Lo, Rao 
 
55–63, 66–69, 
80, 127–132 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
55–63, 66–69, 
80, 127–132 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
60 
VI. 
ORDER 
 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that the Petitioner has not proved by a preponderance of 
the evidence that claims 55–63, 66–69, 80, and 127–132 are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion for Entry of 
Stipulated Protective Order (Appendix A to Paper 19) and to Seal is granted; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Seal (Paper 30) is 
granted; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
(Paper 42) is dismissed as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2021-01054 
Patent 7,332,277 B2 
61 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Tina Williams McKeon 
Kathryn Wade 
Allison W. Dobson 
John Alemanni 
KILPATRICK TOWNSEND & STOCKTON LLP 
tmckeon@kilpatricktownsend.com 
kwade@kilpatricktownsend.com 
adobson@kilpatricktownsend.com 
jalemanni@kilpatricktownsend.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Brian Matty 
Gabrielle Higgins 
Theodoros Konstantakopoulos 
DESMARAIS LLP 
bmatty@desmaraisllp.com 
ghiggins@desmaraisllp.com 
tkonstantakopoulos@desmaraisllp.com