--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 78 
571-272-7822 
Date: August 29, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
CELLTRION, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
CHUGAI SEIYAKU KABUSHIKI KAISHA, 
GENENTECH, INC., and HOFFMANN-LA ROCHE INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, GEORGIANNA W. BRADEN, and 
TINA E. HULSE, Administrative Patent Judges. 
HULSE, Administrative Patent Judge. 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
Dismissing Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
Celltrion, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting inter partes 
review of claims 1–12 of U.S. Patent No. 8,580,264 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’264 
Patent”), owned by Chugai Seiyaku Kabushiki Kaisha, Genentech, Inc., and 
Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. (collectively, “Patent Owner”). Paper 2 (“Pet.”). 
Upon considering the Petition,1 we instituted an inter partes review of the 
challenged claims of the ’264 Patent. Paper 10 (“Dec. Inst.” or “Institution 
Decision”). 
After institution, Petitioner filed a Motion to Submit Supplemental 
Information to file the Second Declaration of Professor Maarten Boers. 
Paper 13. We granted Petitioner’s Motion (Paper 22), and Petitioner filed 
the Second Boers Declaration as Exhibit 1119. Patent Owner then filed a 
Response to the Petition (Paper 28, “PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply 
(Paper 45, “Pet. Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 64, “PO 
Sur-reply”). 
Petitioner also filed a Motion to Exclude Evidence (Paper 65), to 
which Patent Owner filed an Opposition (Paper 67), and Petitioner filed a 
Reply (Paper 72). 
An oral hearing was held on May 31, 2023.2 A transcript of the 
hearing has been entered in the record. Paper 77 (“Tr.”). 
We have authority under 35 U.S.C. § 6. We issue this Final Written 
Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons 
 
1 Patent Owner waived the filing of a Preliminary Response. Paper 9. 
2 Oral argument was simultaneously heard in this inter partes review and in, 
Celltrion, Inc., v. Chugai Seiyaku Kabushiki Kaisha, IPR2022-00579, which 
was conducted in parallel, but not consolidated, with the present proceeding. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
3 
that follow, we determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–12 of the ’264 Patent are unpatentable. 
A. Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself along with Celltrion Healthcare Co. Ltd. and 
Celltrion Healthcare U.S.A., Inc. as real parties-in-interest. Pet. 32. Patent 
Owner identifies Chugai Seiyaku Kabushiki Kaisha (also called Chugai 
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.), Genentech, Inc., and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. as 
real parties-in-interest. Paper 4, 1. 
B. Related Proceedings 
The parties state that claims of the ’264 Patent were challenged in two 
inter partes review proceedings, both of which were terminated after 
institution due to settlement: Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC v. Chugai Seiyaku 
Kabushiki Kaisha, IPR2021-01288 (“IPR1288”), Paper 74 (PTAB Oct. 17, 
2022) (termination) and Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC v. Chugai Seiyaku 
Kabushiki Kaisha, IPR2021-01542 (“IPR1542”), Paper 72 (PTAB Oct. 17, 
2022) (termination). Pet. 32; Paper 4, 1. 
Petitioner also filed concurrently with the Petition in this proceeding a 
petition for inter partes review of related U.S. Patent No. 10,874,677 B2 
(“the ’677 Patent”) in IPR2022-00579. Pet. 32; Paper 4, 3. The ’677 Patent 
was also the subject of IPR2021-01336, which was terminated after 
institution due to settlement. Pet. 32–33; Paper 4, 3; IPR2021-01336, 
Paper 69 (PTAB Oct. 17, 2022) (termination). 
Patent Owner also identifies a list of U.S. patent applications and 
issued patents that relate to the ’264 Patent, including U.S. Patent 
No. 9,750,752, which was the subject of IPR2022-00201 and was terminated 
after institution due to settlement. Paper 4, 1–3; IPR2022-00201, Paper 42 
(PTAB Oct. 17, 2022) (termination). 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
4 
C. The ’264 Patent 
The ’264 Patent, entitled “Subcutaneously Administered Anti-IL-6 
Receptor Antibody” was filed on November 7, 2011, and claims the benefit 
of several provisional applications, the earliest of which was filed on 
November 8, 2010. Ex. 1001, code (54), 1:4–9. 
The ’264 Patent states rheumatoid arthritis (“RA”) is a progressive, 
systemic autoimmune disease that damages the joints and is accompanied by 
fatigue, anemia, and osteopenia. Ex. 1001, 1:29–32. According to the 
Specification, the cause of RA is unknown. Id. at 1:37–38. Disease-
modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (“DMARDs”), such as methotrexate and 
tumor necrosis factor (“TNF”) inhibitors, are the “cornerstone of RA 
treatment throughout all stages of the disease.” Id. at 1:42–44, 14:22–27. 
Interleukin-6 (“IL-6”) is a proinflammatory cytokine that has been 
implicated in the pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases, including RA. Id. 
at 1:54–2:11. Antibodies have been developed to bind to the IL-6 receptor 
(“IL-6R”) and prevent IL-6 from binding to the receptor. See id. at 3:48–
4:29, 8:35–38. These antibodies are referred to as anti-IL-6R antibodies. 
See id. Tocilizumab (“TCZ”) is an example of a known immunoglobulin 
G1-kappa (“IgG1κ”) anti-IL-6R antibody. Id. at 8:39–46. TCZ is 
characterized by a light chain amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO. 1 and a 
heavy chain amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO. 2. Id. 
The Specification states that clinical efficacy and safety studies of 
intravenous TCZ have been completed. Id. at 2:12–18. For example, TCZ 
has been approved for treating RA by intravenous (“IV”) administration 
(4 mg/kg and 8 mg/kg). Id. at 2:19–24. The Specification also describes 
clinical studies for administering a fixed dose of 162 mg TCZ 
subcutaneously every week (“SC QW”) in RA patients. See id. at 28:56–

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
5 
35:5. A fixed dose is a dosage of a drug “administered without regard to the 
patient's weight or body surface area (BSA), i.e., it is not administered as 
either a mg/kg or mg/m2 dose.” Id. at 14:64–67. The studies show that 
disease activity “appears to decrease from baseline more rapidly and to a 
greater magnitude with the 162 mg SC QW as compared to the other SC 
dose regimens tested.” Id. at 30:48–51. 
D. Illustrative Claim 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–12 of the ’264 Patent, of which 
claims 1, 10, and 12 are independent. Claim 1 is illustrative and reproduced 
below: 
1. A method of treating rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in a patient 
comprising subcutaneously administering an anti-IL-6 receptor (IL-
6R) antibody to the patient, wherein the anti-IL-6R antibody is 
administered as a fixed [dose]3 of 162 mg per dose every week or 
every [two]4 weeks, and wherein the anti-IL-6R antibody comprises 
the light chain and heavy chain amino acid sequences of SEQ ID 
Nos. 1 and 2, respectively. 
Ex. 1001, Certificate of Correction, claim 1. Independent claim 10 differs 
from claim 1 in that it recites administering tocilizumab instead of an anti-
IL-6-recepter antibody, and it does not recite the SEQ ID amino acid 
sequences. Id., Certificate of Correction, claim 10. Independent claim 12 
differs from claim 1 in that it recites “a method of inhibiting the progression 
 
3 Petitioner notes that original claim 1 included the word “dose,” but the 
Certificate of Correction that issued on August 17, 2021, omits the term 
from claim 1. Ex. 1001. Because the parties have treated claim 1 as 
including the term “dose,” we do the same for purposes of this Decision. 
4 Petitioner notes that original claim 1 included the word “two,” but the 
Certificate of Correction that issued on August 17, 2021, omits the term 
from claim 1. Ex. 1001. Because the parties have treated claim 1 as 
including the term “two,” we do the same for purposes of this Decision. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
6 
of structural joint damage” in an RA patient, “wherein structural joint 
damage at week 24 or week 48 is found to be inhibited.” Id., Certificate of 
Correction, claim 12. 
E. The Asserted Grounds to Patentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–12 of the ’264 Patent are unpatentable 
based on the following grounds: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §5 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–3, 6–12 
102 
NCT ’6536 
1–3, 6–11 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika7 
4 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Emery8 
5 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Maini9 
 
5 Because the claims at issue have an effective filing date before March 16, 
2013, the effective date of the applicable provisions of the Leahy Smith 
America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 Stat. 284 (2011) (“AIA”), we 
apply the pre-AIA versions of 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103(a) in this Decision. 
Our Decision, however, would not change regardless of which version of the 
Patent Act applies. 
6 U.S. National Library of Medicine, Study NCT00965653, A Study of 
Subcutaneously Administered Tocilizumab in Patients with Rheumatoid 
Arthritis (August 21, 2009), available at https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/history/
NCT00965653?V_1. Ex. 1004 (“NCT ’653”). 
7 Morichika et al., WO 2009/084659 A1, published July 9, 2009 (certified 
English translation). Ex. 1110 (“Morichika”). 
8 P. Emery et al., IL-6 receptor inhibition with tocilizumab improves 
treatment outcomes in patients with rheumatoid arthritis refractory to anti-
tumour necrosis factor biologicals: results from a 24-week multicenter 
randomised placebo-controlled trial, 67 ANN. RHEUM. DIS. 1516–23 (2008). 
Ex. 1043 (“Emery”). 
9 R. N. Maini et al., Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial of 
the Interleukin-6 Receptor Antagonist, Tocilizumab, in European Patients 
With Rheumatoid Arthritis Who Had an Incomplete Response to 
Methotrexate, 54 ARTHRITIS & RHEUMATISM 2817–29 (2006). Ex. 1040 
(“Maini”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
7 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §5 
Reference(s)/Basis 
12 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Kremer 
200910 
1–11 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Ng,11 
Nishimoto,12 FDA Review,13 
SC PK Prior Art14 
4 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Ng, 
Emery, Nishimoto, FDA 
Review, SC PK Prior Art 
5 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Ng, 
Maini, Nishimoto, FDA 
Review, SC PK Prior Art 
1–11 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Ng, 
Nishimoto, EMA Report,15 
 
10 J. Kremer et al., LITHE: Tocilizumab Inhibits Radiographic Progression 
and Improves Physical Function in Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) Patients (Pts) 
at 2 Yrs with Increasing Clinical Efficacy Over Time, AM. COLLEGE OF 
RHEUMATOLOGY ABSTR. SUPPL. (2009). Ex. 1029 (“Kremer 2009”). 
11 C. M. Ng et al., Pharmacokinetic-Pharmacodynamic-Efficacy Analysis of 
Efalizumab in Patients with Moderate to Severe Psoriasis, 22 PHARMA. RES. 
1088–1100 (2005). Ex. 1007 (“Ng”). 
12 N. Nishimoto et al., Mechanisms and pathological significances in 
increase in serum interleukin-6 (IL-6) and soluble IL-6 receptor after 
administration of an anti-IL-6 receptor antibody, tocilizumab, in patients 
with rheumatoid arthritis and Castleman disease, 112 BLOOD 3959–64 
(2008). Ex. 1008 (“Nishimoto”). 
13 Food and Drug Administration, Clinical Pharmacology and 
Biopharmaceutics Review(s) for IV Actemra Application No. 125276, 
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/nda/2010/
125276s000ClinPharmR.pdf. Ex. 1010 (“FDA Review”). 
14 Petitioner’s citation of “SC PK Prior Art” refers to several references for 
teaching bioavailability and rate of absorption values for various IgG1-κ-
subtype antibodies. See Pet. 61–62 (citing Ex. 1007, 1012–1016, 1018–
1022). 
15 Europe Medicines Agency, Assessment Report for RoActemra, Doc. Ref.: 
EMEA/26276/2009 (2009). Ex. 1006, Ex. B (“EMA Report”). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
8 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §5 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Chernajovsky,16 SC PK Prior 
Art 
4 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Ng, 
Emery, Nishimoto, EMA 
Report, Chernajovsky, SC PK 
Prior Art 
5 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Ng, 
Maini, Nishimoto, EMA 
Report, Chernajovsky, SC PK 
Prior Art 
12 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Ng, 
Kremer 2009, Nishimoto, FDA 
Review, SC PK Prior Art 
12 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika, Ng, 
Kremer 2009, Nishimoto, EMA 
Report, Chernajovsky, SC PK 
Prior Art 
Petitioner also relies upon the Declarations of Dr. Dhaval K. Shah 
(Exs. 1032, 1138), Dr. Maarten Boers (Exs. 1034, 1119, 1139), Prescott M. 
Lassman, Esq. (Exs. 1035, 1137), and Dr. Paul A. Dalby (Exs. 1036, 1140). 
Patent Owner relies on the Declarations of Dr. Steven R. Little (Ex. 2005), 
Dr. Emil Samara (Ex. 2006), and Dr. Gregg J. Silverman, M.D. (Ex. 2009). 
We have reviewed the credentials of Petitioner’s and Patent Owner’s 
declarants and consider them each to be qualified to provide the opinions for 
which their testimony has been submitted. See Kyocera Senco Indus. Tools 
Inc. v. Int’l Trade Comm’n, 22 F.4th 1369, 1376–77 (Fed. Cir. 2022) (“To 
offer expert testimony from the perspective of a skilled artisan in a patent 
 
16 N. Nishimoto et al., Humanized Antihuman IL-6 Receptor Antibody, 
Tocilizumab, in Therapeutic Antibodies 151–60 (Y. Chernajovsky & A. 
Nissim eds., 2008). Ex. 1009 (“Chernajovsky”). 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
9 
case—like for claim construction, validity, or infringement—a witness must 
at least have ordinary skill in the art.”). 
II. ANALYSIS 
Petitioner bears the burden of proving unpatentability of the 
challenged claims, and that burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent 
Owner. Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 
1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). To prevail, Petitioner must prove unpatentability by 
a preponderance of the evidence.17 See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.1(d) (2019). 
A. Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, we consider the 
type of problems encountered in the art, the prior art solutions to those 
problems, the rapidity with which innovations are made, the sophistication 
of the technology, and the educational level of active workers in the field. 
Custom Accessories, Inc. v. Jeffrey-Allan Indus., Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 
(Fed. Cir. 1986). 
Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) at 
the time of the invention “would in fact have been a team of individuals 
possessing the different skill sets typically employed on such a project.” 
Pet. 27. Petitioner asserts that the “team would have included individuals 
skilled in the relevant area(s) of clinical medicine (e.g., rheumatologists), 
pharmacokineticists, formulators and project leads” working together as 
needed. Id. (citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 48; Ex. 1032 ¶ 27; Ex. 1036 ¶¶ 25–26). 
 
17 Although we find certain of Patent Owner’s arguments not persuasive, this 
should never be taken as an indication that we have assigned Patent Owner 
the burden of proof on patentability. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
10 
 
In our Institution Decision, we noted that defining a POSA as a “team 
of individuals” is not conventional. Dec. Inst. 8. We therefore found a 
POSA “would have been an individual with an M.D. specializing in the 
treatment of autoimmune disorders and having several years of experience 
treating patients with such disorders, including rheumatoid arthritis, or 
having several years of experience researching treatments for autoimmune 
disorders, including rheumatoid arthritis.” Id. We also clarified that such a 
POSA “may alternatively (or also) have a Ph.D. and would have access to 
individuals skilled in clinical medicine, pharmacokinetics and formulation.” 
Id. 
Patent Owner agrees with Petitioner’s definition and notes that a 
POSA according to our definition from the Institution Decision “would be 
unable to develop [the claimed inventions] without assistance from other 
individuals.” PO Resp. 7–8 (citing Daiichi Sankyo Co. v. Apotex, Inc., 501 
F.3d 1254, 1256–57 (Fed. Cir. 2007). Patent Owner, however, fails to 
consider the full scope of our definition. Specifically, Patent Owner does 
not account for the clarification that a POSA “would have access to 
individuals skilled in clinical medicine, pharmacokinetics and formulation.” 
Dec. Inst. 8. When considering our complete definition, we do not discern a 
substantive difference between our definition and the parties’ definition of a 
POSA. Petitioner appears to agree. Pet. Reply. 1 n.1 (“The challenged 
claims are unpatentable no matter which definition of a POSA is used.”). 
 
We remain not persuaded that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
could be thought of as a “team of individuals.” We find no support in 
Sankyo for Patent Owner’s contention that “a person of ordinary skill in the 
art can have the knowledge and experience of multiple individuals working 
across different arts.” See PO Resp. 8. Rather, in Sankyo, the Federal 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
11 
Circuit looked to the qualifications of the inventors of the patent-at-issue, all 
of whom were specialists in drug and ear treatments and noted that others 
working in the same field as the inventors were of the same skill level. 
Sankyo, 501 F.3d at 1257. Finding that such specialty training was a 
requisite for ordinary skill in the art, the court defined the level of ordinary 
skill in the art in that case as “a person engaged in developing 
pharmaceutical formulations and treatment methods for the ear or a 
specialist in ear treatments such as an otologist, otolaryngologist, or 
otorhinolaryngologist who also has training in pharmaceutical 
formulations.” Id. 
We conclude that there is, as Petitioner acknowledges, little 
substantial difference between the qualifications of the “team” proposed by 
the parties, and those of the individual skilled artisan defined in our Decision 
to Institute. Such an individual would have had not only several years of 
experience researching treatments for autoimmune disorders, including 
rheumatoid arthritis, but would additionally have access to individuals 
skilled in clinical medicine, pharmacokinetics and formulation. See Dec. 
Inst. 8. Indeed, Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Shah, acknowledges that an 
individual person of skill in the art “would have had access to individuals 
skilled in clinical medicine, pharmacokinetics and formulation.” Ex. 1032 
¶ 27. This is consistent with our prior definition. We consequently adopt 
for this Decision the definition of a person of ordinary skill in the art as 
defined in our Decision to Institute and quoted above. See Dec. Inst. 8. 
B. Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, the Board applies the same claim 
construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a civil 
action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2021). Under that 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
12 
standard, claim terms “are generally given their ordinary and customary 
meaning” as understood by a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time of 
the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 
2005) (en banc). “In determining the meaning of the disputed claim 
limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic evidence of record, examining 
the claim language itself, the written description, and the prosecution 
history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, 
Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 
1312–17). Extrinsic evidence is “less significant than the intrinsic record in 
determining ‘the legally operative meaning of claim language.’” Phillips, 
415 F.3d at 1317. 
1. 
“fixed dose of 162 mg per dose every week or every two weeks” 
Independent claims 1 and 10 recite administering “a fixed dose of 162 
mg per dose every week or every two weeks.” Ex. 1001, Certificate of 
Correction, claims 1 and 10. Patent Owner asserts that a POSA would have 
understood the claim phrase to mean “delivering that amount of tocilizumab 
in a single injection.” PO Resp. 9 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 51, 52). Petitioner 
disagrees, asserting that Patent Owner’s construction improperly imports a 
“single injection” limitation into the claims that is not consistent with the 
plain meaning of “a fixed dose of 162 mg per dose.” Pet. Reply 3. Having 
considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we agree with 
Petitioner. 
Beginning with the language of the claims, we note the claims do not 
expressly recite administration of tocilizumab in a single injection. See 
Ex. 1001, Certificate of Correction, claims 1 and 10. Patent Owner relies on 
the claim term “per dose” to supply that limitation, arguing that “per dose” 
would be redundant if it meant something besides “per injection.” PO 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
13 
Resp. 9. According to Patent Owner, if the claimed method could be 
practiced by administering 162 mg tocilizumab over multiple injections, “a 
fixed dose of 162 mg” would have sufficed and would render the term “per 
dose” superfluous. Id. at 9–10 (citing Apple, Inc. v. Ameranth, Inc., 842 
F.3d 1229, 1237 (Fed. Cir. 2016); Merck & Co., Inc. v. Teva Pharms. USA, 
Inc., 395 F.3d 1364, 1372 (Fed. Cir. 2005)). 
Petitioner disagrees that “per dose” is superfluous if construed to 
encompass multiple injections. Petitioner asserts that a “dose” of drug is 
“the amount administered to a patient at a given interval,” which is often 
given in more than one tablet or injectable drug. Pet. Reply 3 (citing 
Ex. 1139 ¶¶ 11–14; Ex. 2032, 2; Ex. 2020, 5). Moreover, Petitioner asserts 
the term “fixed dose” modifies the term “162 mg per dose,” and therefore no 
part of the phrase is redundant. Id. 
First, we note that both the Apple and Merck cases cited by Patent 
Owner are inapposite. In those cases, the Federal Circuit declined to 
construe the claim term to include features that were already expressly 
recited in the claims. See Apple, 842 F.3d at 1237 (“Construing a claim term 
to include features of that term already recited in the claims would make 
those expressly recited features redundant.”); Merck, 395 F.3d at 1372 
(rejecting construction of “about” to include “on an alendronic acid basis” 
because that phrase was already recited in the claims). Here, the term “per 
injection” is not recited in any of the claims. See Ex. 1001, Certificate of 
Correction. 
Nevertheless, even if, as Petitioner’s expert Dr. Boers testified, a 
POSA would understand the dose of claim 1 and claim 12 “to mean the 
same thing” despite the absence of “per dose” in claim 12 (see Ex. 2080, 
62:1–63:4), that is not the end of the analysis. We also must look to the 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
14 
Specification to construe the term. See Intel Corp. v. Qualcomm Inc., 21 
F.4th 801, 810 (Fed. Cir. 2021) (finding proposed construction would render 
a claim term superfluous, but noting that that does not “inevitably 
disqualify[] a construction in every patent” and that “conclusions from the 
claim language advance the claim-construction inquiry only so far”). 
Here, the Specification reveals that “per dose” does not mean “per 
injection.” Indeed, the Specification treats those terms differently. For 
example, in describing “the invention,” the Specification repeatedly follows 
“per dose” with an exemplary parenthetical or clause specifying the 
frequency of administration. For example, the Specification states that “the 
invention concerns a method of treating an IL-6-mediated disorder . . . 
wherein the anti-IL-6R antibody is administered as a fixed dose of 162 mg 
per dose (e.g. administered every week or every two weeks).” See Ex. 1001, 
4:33–38 (emphasis added); see also id. at 5:4–8 (stating “[t]he invention also 
concerns a method of treating an IL-6-mediated disorder . . . wherein the 
anti-IL-6R antibody is administered as a fixed dose of 324 mg per dose 
or 648 mg per dose (e.g. every four weeks or once every month)”) (emphasis 
added); 24:54–59 (stating “the invention provides a method of treating an 
IL-6 mediated disorder . . . wherein the anti-IL-6R antibody is administered 
as a fixed dose of 162 mg per dose (e.g. every week, every two weeks, or 
every ten days)”) (emphasis added). Thus, the Specification repeatedly 
interprets the term “per dose” to describe the frequency of the dose, and not 
the number of injections to administer the dose. 
In contrast, when specifying a single injection, the Specification uses 
the terms “per injection” or a “single dose.” For example, the Specification 
states, “[a]vailable subcutaneous formulation is in a 1 mL prefilled syringe 
delivering 0.9 mL 162 mg TCZ per injection.” Id. at 49:55–56 (emphasis 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
15 
added); see also id. at 43:33–34 (“TCZ (180 mg/mL) SC formulation single 
dose of 0.9 mL corresponding to a dose of TCZ 162 mg TCZ”) (emphasis 
added). Thus, although the Specification makes clear when a single 
injection is used by stating “per injection” or “single dose,” the ’264 Patent 
does not use either of those terms in the claims. 
As further evidence against Patent Owner’s interpretation of “per 
dose,” the Specification shows that administering tocilizumab in a single 
injection is merely a preferred embodiment of the invention. Indeed, the 
portions of the Specification cited by Patent Owner suggest a single injection 
is preferred, but not required. For example, Patent Owner argues that the 
Specification describes various issues with “higher concentration[s] of 
tocilizumab” to “develop subcutaneous formulations capable of delivering 
the amount of tocilizumab in a single injection.” PO Resp. 10 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 39:1–11). But the Specification states that high concentrations of 
antibody are only found “[i]n one embodiment.” See Ex. 1001, 22:40–45 
(stating “[i]n one embodiment, the anti-IL-6R antibody-containing liquid 
formulation according to the present invention contains a high concentration 
of the anti-IL-6R antibody”). 
Similarly, Patent Owner argues that the Specification describes a 
“subcutaneous administration device” that “delivers to a patient a fixed dose 
of an anti-IL-6 receptor (IL-6R) antibody, wherein the fixed dose is . . . 162 
mg.” PO Resp. 10 (quoting Ex. 1001, 28:21–25). But the Specification then 
states that “[p]referably, the concentration of the antibody in the device is 
from 150 to 200 mg/mL, for example 180 mg/mL.” See Ex. 1001, 28:26–28 
(emphasis added). Thus, consistent with the preferred embodiment 
described above, the Specification does not necessarily require the 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
16 
subcutaneous administration device to contain high concentrations of anti-
IL-6R antibody to deliver the drug in a single injection. 
Patent Owner also cites the various Examples in the Specification that 
describe administration of highly concentrated tocilizumab (“162 mg/0.9 
mL”) in a single “SC injection.” PO Sur-reply 3 (citing Ex. 1001, 
Examples 1–5). But the Examples in the Specification describing the use of 
single subcutaneous injections are just that—examples. See id. at 28:55–
47:14 (Examples 1–5). When determining the meaning of “per dose,” we 
consider the statements in the Summary of the Invention describing “the 
invention” as administering the 162 mg TCZ “per dose (e.g. administered 
every week or every two weeks)” to carry more weight. See Ex. 1001, 4:33–
38. We therefore agree with Petitioner that a “dose” of drug is “the amount 
administered to a patient at a given interval.” See Pet. Reply 3 (citing 
Ex. 1139 ¶¶ 11–14; Ex. 2032, 2; Ex. 2020, 5). Thus, we are not persuaded 
that the Specification supports limiting the construction of the term “per 
dose” to mean “per injection.” 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
determine the claim phrase “a fixed dose of 162 mg per dose every week or 
every two weeks” to mean “a dose of 162 mg administered without regard to 
the patient’s weight or body surface area and administered every week or 
every two weeks.” 
2. 
“[a] method of treating rheumatoid arthritis in a patient” 
Independent claims 1 and 10 of the ’264 Patent each recite as their 
preamble “[a] method of treating rheumatoid arthritis in a patient.” 
Ex. 1001, claims 1 and 5. Petitioner asserts that the preamble should not be 
construed as limiting because it “does not alter how the actual steps of the 
method are to be performed.” Pet. 36 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 118; Bristol-Myers 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
17 
Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs, Inc., 246 F.3d at 1375–76 (Fed. Cir. 2001)). 
Alternatively, if the preamble is construed to be limiting, Petitioner asserts 
that the limitation “would merely require administering the dose with an 
intent to treat RA without any particular degree of efficacy.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 121, 122). According to the Petition, the plain meaning of 
“treating” is “to give a treatment and is not limited by whether that treatment 
ultimately ends up being effective.” Id. at 36–37 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 119–
121; Ex. 1062, 2434–35 (defining “treat” as to “give medical treatment to”; 
“to seek cure or relief of (as a disease)”); Ex. 1062, 838). 
Patent Owner disagrees, arguing that the preamble is limiting and that 
the Specification defines “treatment” to mean “therapeutic treatment” in a 
patient diagnosed with RA. PO Resp. 15–16, 11 (citing Ex. 1001, 13:59–
14:12, 15:1–2). According to Patent Owner, “therapeutic” means “having a 
good effect on the body or mind,” particularly “relating to the healing of a 
disease.” Id. (citing Ex. 2036, 3; Ex. 2037, 3). Patent Owner’s expert 
Dr. Silverman states that “[f]or a rheumatologist, ‘treatment’ of a patient 
suggests achieving, rather than just trying to achieve, a therapeutic benefit.” 
Ex. 2009 ¶ 53. Patent Owner also asserts that the experts agree that 
treatment requires consideration of safety and efficacy when administering a 
drug to patients. Id. at 13 (quoting Ex. 2010, 120:10–22; Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 53, 
54). Thus, Patent Owner concludes that “[t]herapeutic treatment . . . requires 
administering a drug that is expected to be safe and effective, which 
necessarily includes safety and efficacy in treating ‘a patient’ diagnosed with 
rheumatoid arthritis.” Id. at 11 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 53, 54). 
To start, we agree with Patent Owner that the preamble is limiting. 
“Whether to treat a preamble as a claim limitation is determined on the facts 
of each case in light of the claim as a whole and the invention described in 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
18 
the patent.” Storage Tech. Corp. v. Cisco Sys., Inc., 329 F.3d 823, 831 (Fed. 
Cir. 2003). The Federal Circuit “has not hesitated to hold preambles 
limiting when they state an intended purpose for methods of using a 
compound.” Eli Lilly & Co. v. Teva Pharms. Int’l GmbH, 8 F.4th 1331, 
1342 (Fed. Cir. 2021). Where, as here, the claims are directed to methods of 
using a composition for a specific purpose (i.e., treating rheumatoid 
arthritis), and the method comprises a single step of administering that 
composition, the Federal Circuit “has generally construed statements of 
intended purpose in such method claims as limiting.” Id. at 1340. 
Moreover, as Patent Owner notes, the preamble provides antecedent 
basis for terms in the body of the claims. That is, the preamble recites 
“treating rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in a patient” and the claims recite 
“administering to the patient” (claims 1 and 10), “the RA patient” (claims 3–
5), and “administering to the RA patient one or more additional drug which 
treats the RA” (claim 6). Thus, considering the claims as a whole and the 
invention described in the patent, we determine the preamble of the claims to 
be limiting. See Eli Lilly, 8 F.4th at 1343 (finding preamble limiting where 
it provides antecedent basis for terms in the body of the claims). 
We disagree with Patent Owner, however, that the preamble limits 
“treatment” to require therapeutic benefit that is shown to be safe and 
effective. See PO Resp. 11–15. The problem with Patent Owner’s proposed 
construction is that it is premised on an incomplete quote from the 
Specification. Patent Owner argues that the Specification “defines 
‘treatment’ as ‘therapeutic treatment,’” and, citing Dr. Silverman, that 
“therapeutic treatment . . . requires administering a drug that is expected to 
be safe and effective.” PO Resp. 11 (citing Ex. 1001, 15:1–2; Ex. 2009 
¶¶ 53–54). Dr. Silverman states that for a rheumatologist, “‘treatment’ of a 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
19 
patient suggests achieving, rather than just trying to achieve, a therapeutic 
benefit.” Ex. 2009 ¶ 54. Patent Owner and Dr. Silverman, however, ignore 
the other half of the Specification’s definition of “treatment,” which states: 
“‘Treatment’ of a subject herein refers to both therapeutic treatment and 
prophylactic or preventative measures.” See Ex. 1001, 15:1–2 (emphasis 
added). Thus, limiting the definition of “treatment” to mean only 
“therapeutic treatment,” as Patent Owner asserts, is inconsistent with the 
express definition in the Specification and, therefore, incorrect on its face. 
See Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1316 (stating “the specification may reveal a 
special definition given to a claim term by the patentee that differs from the 
meaning it would otherwise possess. In such cases, the inventor’s 
lexicography governs.”). 
Moreover, the Specification defines the term “effective amount” as 
“an amount of the antibody that is effective for treating the IL-6 disorder.” 
Id. at 15:3–4. If “treatment” of the IL-6 disorder required efficacy, it would 
not be necessary for the Specification to define an “effective amount” for 
treating the disorder separately, as efficacy would be implicit in the term 
“treatment.” Consistent with this, the Specification defines certain subjects 
as “inadequate responder[s]” to various medications because they have 
experienced “an inadequate response to previous or current treatment . . . 
because of toxicity or inadequate efficacy.” Id. at 14:46–61 (emphasis 
added). Thus, the Specification uses the term “treatment” to encompass 
treating a patient with a certain medication, regardless of safety or efficacy. 
The Federal Circuit recently addressed the construction of a “method 
of treatment” claim in United Therapeutics Corp. v. Liquidia Technologies, 
Inc., 74 F.4th. 1360 (2023). There, the claims were directed to a “method of 
treating pulmonary hypertension” comprising administering a 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
20 
“therapeutically effective single event dose” of a drug. Id. at 1364. The 
district court construed the claims to not require safety and efficacy beyond 
the already recited “therapeutically effective” dose. Id. at 1368. Liquidia 
appealed that construction, arguing that a POSA would have understood the 
plain and ordinary meaning of “treating pulmonary hypertension” to 
encompass a method that accomplishes that goal safely and effectively. Id. 
Liquidia asserted that a POSA would have concerns about using the drug on 
certain pulmonary hypertension patients and would not expect the drug to 
work. Id. The Federal Circuit affirmed the district court’s construction, 
stating that “[r]ead in context, the claim language [of the preamble] does not 
import any additional efficacy limitations or any safety limitations.” Id. at 
1369. The Federal Circuit rejected Liquidia’s safety and efficacy arguments, 
stating “[q]uestions of safety and efficacy in patent law have long fallen 
under the purview of the FDA.” Id. The court concluded, stating “[w]e 
decline to insert FDA responsibilities into claims by importing requirements 
where they do not recite such limitations.” Id. 
We similarly decline to limit the phrase “method of treating” to 
require safety and efficacy where the claims do not recite such limitations. 
This is consistent with the absence of an “effective amount” limitation in the 
claims and the Specification’s definition of “treatment” to include 
“prophylactic or preventative measures” and to encompass “inadequate 
responders.” See Ex. 1001, 15:1–2, 14:46–63; see also Eli Lilly, 8 F.4th at 
1342 (noting that because the claims encompass prophylactic uses, the 
claims “encompass a clinical result, [but] they do not require such a result”). 
Thus, like the Federal Circuit in Eli Lilly, we find that the preambles of the 
claims are “statements of the intentional purpose for which the methods 
must be performed.” See 8 F.4th at 1342. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
21 
We therefore construe the preamble “a method of treating rheumatoid 
arthritis” to require that the method be performed with an intentional 
purpose of treating rheumatoid arthritis, regardless of safety and efficacy. 
3. 
“is found to be inhibited” 
Independent claim 12 recites “wherein structural joint damage at 
week 24 or week 48 is found to be inhibited.” Ex. 1001, Certificate of 
Correction, claim 12. In our Institution Decision, we did not construe this 
term expressly, but preliminarily found that the claim requires “making 
[assessments of structural joint damage] at 24 or 48 weeks.” Dec. Inst. 14. 
Patent Owner agrees with our preliminary interpretation, asserting that 
the Specification “makes clear that inhibition of joint damage is ‘found’ 
based on assessment.” PO Resp. 16. Patent Owner notes that the 
Specification states, “[a]ccording to this method, structural joint damage can 
be assessed at week 24 (or 6 months) and/or week 48 (or 1 year) and found 
to be inhibited (e.g. relative to a patient not treated with an anti-IL-6R 
antibody).” Id. at 16–17 (quoting Ex. 1001, 25:56–59). Patent Owner’s 
expert, Dr. Silverman, testifies that a POSA would understand that 
“inhibition of joint damage can only be ‘found’ if inhibition is actually 
verified using one of the techniques known in the art.” Id. at 17 (citing 
Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 55, 56). And Patent Owner notes that Petitioner’s expert Dr. 
Boers “conceded in his deposition that ‘found to be’ in the patent means 
‘measurement,’ and requires ‘drawing a conclusion from data.’” Id. 
(quoting Ex. 2010, 146:12, 147:1–10). 
Petitioner argues that claim 12 does not require assessment at week 24 
or 48. It simply requires that an assessment at any time is sufficient, as long 
as that assessment is sufficient to verify that inhibition occurred at week 24 
or 48. Pet. Reply 6. Moreover, Petitioner notes that the claim covers a 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
22 
method that produces “any amount of inhibition in any patient, at any time 
that is sufficient to verify the inhibition occurred at week 24 or 48.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1119 ¶¶ 7–12; Ex. 1139 ¶¶ 21–26). 
 As an initial matter, we note that Patent Owner does not appear to 
dispute that the claim encompasses a method that produces any amount of 
inhibition in any patient, as Petitioner proposes. See generally PO Resp. 16–
17; PO Sur-reply 5. Moreover, the parties’ experts agree that the plain 
meaning of “found to be” requires some form of actual assessment. That is, 
both Dr. Silverman and Dr. Boers testify that “found to be” suggests an 
actual measurement (Ex. 2009 ¶ 56) and drawing a conclusion from data 
(Ex. 2010, 147:6–10). The parties disagree, however, as to when the 
measurement must occur. Patent Owner argues the measurement must occur 
at week 24 or week 48 (PO Sur-reply 5), whereas Petitioner argues the 
measurement can be made at any time as long as the assessment is sufficient 
to verify inhibition of structural joint damage at week 24 or week 48 (Pet. 
Reply 6). 
We find that the claim language “wherein structural joint damage at 
week 24 or week 48 is found to be inhibited” is ambiguous as to when the 
measurement is actually made and can reasonably be interpreted either way. 
We therefore look to the Specification for guidance. In doing so, we note 
that the Specification distinguishes between “assess[ing]” structural joint 
damage and whether it is “found to be inhibited.” That is, the Specification 
states that “[t]he invention” concerns a method where “structural joint 
damage can be assessed at week 24 (or 6 months) and/or week 48 (or 1 year) 
and found to be inhibited.” Ex. 1001, 25:56–59. The Specification thus 
equates assessing at 6 months with 24 weeks, and assessing at 1 year with 48 
weeks. In other words, the Specification does not require assessment at 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
23 
precisely week 24 or 48 for structural joint damage to be “found to be 
inhibited.” See id. This is consistent with Dr. Silverman’s testimony that 
“there is no substantial difference between Week 48 and Week 52 or plus or 
minus a couple of weeks.” Ex. 1136, 75:17–19. That said, we do not find—
and Petitioner does not cite—any intrinsic evidence to support its assertion 
that the assessment can be made “at any time.” Pet. Reply 6. Regardless, 
we need not reach that issue for purposes of this Decision. See Wellman, 
Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2011) (“[C]laim 
terms need only be construed to the extent necessary to resolve the 
controversy.” (internal quotes omitted)). 
We, therefore, determine that “wherein structural joint damage at 
week 24 or week 48 is found to be inhibited” encompasses a method where 
any degree of structural joint damage inhibition is found through actual 
assessment of structural joint damage at approximately week 24 (e.g., 6 
months) or approximately week 48 (e.g., 1 year). 
C. 
Ground 1: Alleged Anticipation by NCT ’653 
Petitioner argues that NCT ’653 anticipates claims 1–3 and 6–12. 
Pet. 40–50. Patent Owner opposes. PO Resp. 17–25. Having considered 
the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we determine that Petitioner 
has established by a preponderance of the evidence that NCT ’653 
anticipates claims 1–3 and 6–11, but not claim 12. 
1. 
NCT ’653 (Ex. 1004) 
NCT ’653 describes a Phase 1 clinical study entitled “A Study of 
Subcutaneously Administered Tocilizumab in Patients with Rheumatoid 
Arthritis.” Ex. 1004, 1, 6. The summary states “[t]his open-label 
randomized 2arm study will investigate the pharmacokinetics, 
pharmacodynamics, efficacy and safety of subcutaneously administered 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
24 
tocilizumab in patients with rheumatoid arthritis who have shown an 
inadequate response to methotrexate.” Id. at 6. The summary explains 
further that “[p]atients will be randomized to receive tocilizumab 162 mg sc 
[subcutaneously] either weekly or every other week, in combination with 
methotrexate, for 12 weeks.” Id. NCT ’653 states that “[a]ssessments will 
be made at regular intervals during treatment and on the 3 weeks of follow-
up.” Id. 
Petitioner asserts NCT ’653 is a printed publication that was available 
on ClinicalTrials.gov before November 2009 and is therefore prior art under 
35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Pet. 40. Petitioner explains that the posting renders 
NCT ’653 publicly available because “the very purpose of ClinicalTrials.gov 
is to make such trials as widely and promptly available to the public as 
possible.” Id. (citing Ex. 1035 ¶¶ 13–19, 23). 
2. 
Analysis 
“A claim is anticipated if each and every element as set forth in the 
claim is found, either expressly or inherently, in a single prior art reference.” 
Arbutus Biopharma Corp. v. ModernaTX, Inc., 65 F.4th 656, 662 (Fed. Cir. 
2023). The Federal Circuit explains that “[a]nticipation by inherent 
disclosure is appropriate only when the reference discloses prior art that 
must necessarily include the unstated limitation.” Monsanto Tech. LLC v. 
I.E. DuPont de Nemours & Co., 878 F.3d 1336, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2018). 
Inherent anticipation requires “merely that the disclosure of the prior art is 
sufficient to show that the natural result flowing from the operation as taught 
in the prior art would result in the claimed product.” SmithKline Beecham 
Corp. v. Apotex Corp., 403 F.3d 1331, 1343–44 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (internal 
quotes omitted). Moreover, “[n]ewly discovered results of known processes 
directed to the same purpose are not patentable because such results are 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
25 
inherent.” Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs., Inc., 246 F.3d 
1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2001). 
a) 
NCT ’653 Was Publicly Available 
As an initial matter, Patent Owner argues that Petitioner has failed to 
show that NCT ’653 is prior art because it was not publicly available as of 
the effective filing date of the ’264 Patent. PO Resp. 17–21. Patent Owner 
asserts that the Declaration of Mr. Lassman (the “Lassman Declaration”), 
upon which Petitioner relies to prove public accessibility of NCT ’653, is 
deficient in several respects. Id. at 17. Specifically, Patent Owner contends 
that: (1) Mr. Lassman is unqualified; (2) the Lassman Declaration never 
identifies the specific search parameters a person of skill in the art would 
have used to locate NCT ’653 on the ClinicalTrials.gov website; and 
(3) other clinical trial registries existed in addition to ClinicalTrials.gov. Id. 
at 18–21. 
 
Regarding Mr. Lassman’s qualifications, Patent Owner notes that Mr. 
Lassman is a regulatory lawyer who has never been employed by NIH, the 
National Library of Medicine, FDA, nor any other entity responsible for 
managing the ClinicalTrials.gov database. Id. at 18. Patent Owner asserts 
that Mr. Lassman possesses none of the skills relevant to those of skill in the 
art and, in forming his opinion, did not consult anyone possessing those 
skills to discern how an ordinarily skilled artisan would have searched for 
NCT ’653. Id. at 18 (citing Ex. 2012, 41:9–42:12, 44:4–45:4, 66:2–6). 
 
Regarding Mr. Lassman’s Declaration, Patent Owner argues that Mr. 
Lassman attests that he was able to “locate[] the record for clinical study 
number NCT00965653,” but never explains how he did so or how many 
results he had to review to find this particular study. PO Resp. 18–19 (citing 
Ex. 1035 ¶ 29). Patent Owner asserts that, rather than locate NCT ’653 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
26 
through the type of search a person of ordinary skill in the art might have 
conducted, e.g., by searching for keywords such as “tocilizumab” or 
“rheumatoid arthritis,” Mr. Lassman located the study by searching for its 
number, NCT00965653. Id. at 19 (citing Ex. 2012, 63:2–9, 66:17–21). 
 
Patent Owner adds that the existence of a search function on 
ClinicalTrials.gov does not cure this alleged deficiency. Id. According to 
Patent Owner, keyword searches on sites such as ClinicalTrials.gov were 
“not always reliable because of lack of standardisation of drug names and 
health conditions,” which directly “contributed to the difficulty of using 
[those] websites.” Id. (quoting Ex. 2035, 3). Patent Owner states that 
searching for synonyms in ClinicalTrials.gov sometimes returned 
inconsistent results or none at all. Id. (citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 62; Ex. 2010, 
136:5–19). 
 
Finally, Patent Owner notes that Mr. Lassman testified that as 
of 2009, “a lot of companies had their own registries” hosted on independent 
websites or “source[s] other than ClinicalTrials.gov,” and that other 
jurisdictions, such as Europe, also had their own registries. Id. at 20–21 
(citing Ex. 2012, 27:2–16, 29:21–30:9). Patent Owner argues that it is 
therefore uncertain that an ordinarily skilled artisan, searching for clinical 
trials, would have necessarily looked to ClinicalTrials.gov as opposed to one 
of the many other registries available at the time. Id. at 21. 
Petitioner replies that, based on his testimony, it is indisputable that 
Mr. Lassman has personal knowledge of how the ClinicalTrials.gov website 
functioned in 2010. Pet. Reply 6. Petitioner also argues that Mr. Lassman 
described in detail how ClinicalTrials.gov facilitated public access to clinical 
trial records and proffered a wealth of evidence establishing that NCT ’653 
was published on ClinicalTrials.gov more than one year before the filing 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
27 
date of the ’264 Patent. Id. at 6–7 (citing Ex. 1035, Sections IV.A, V.A; 
Ex. 1137 ¶¶ 9–12). 
 
Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner’s argument that searching on 
ClinicalTrials.gov could be unreliable “because of a lack of standardization 
of drug names” is irrelevant, because the name Actemra had already been 
approved, and its non-proprietary name of “tocilizumab” had already been 
standardized internationally by the applicable regulatory authorities. Id. at 7 
(citing Ex. 1010, 2; Ex. 1024, 1; Ex. 1006, 24). Petitioner notes that its 
expert Dr. Boers testified that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
“adjust[ed] the keywords” and “play[ed] around with the specifics of the 
search machine to get what you want” but “after a while” would “come up 
with satisfactory conclusions.” Id. at 7–8 (citing Ex. 2010, 136:11–19). 
Having considered the evidence and argument presented at trial, we 
find that NCT ’653 was publicly accessible as of the earliest effective filing 
date of the ’264 Patent. We find that Mr. Lassman credibly testifies that he 
is extensively familiar with the ClinicalTrials.gov website, and additionally, 
worked on drafting the statute that expanded and governed 
Clinicaltrials.gov. See Ex. 1035 ¶¶ 6, 9. Mr. Lassman testifies that 
“Clinicaltrials.gov is a site designed to be used by members of the public, 
not by experts. The site is designed to require less skill in searching clinical 
trial records than a POSA would have had.” Ex. 1137 ¶ 4 (emphasis 
omitted). More to the point: 
On February 29, 2000, Clinicaltrials.gov was launched by NIH 
in fulfillment of the above-described statutory requirement for a 
clinical trials registry. When it was launched, the site was 
described by NIH as “a consumer-friendly database … with 
information on more than 4,000 federal and private medical 
studies involving patients and others at more than 47,000 
locations nationwide.” NIH confirmed that the site was intended 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
28 
to “provide[] patients, families and members of the public easy 
access to information about the location of clinical trials, their 
design and purpose, criteria for participation, and, in many cases, 
further information about the disease and treatment under study.” 
Ex. 1035 ¶ 14 (quoting Ex. 1063, internal citation omitted) (alteration in 
original). 
Patent Owner’s argument that Mr. Lassman is not qualified to opine 
with respect to this subject matter is not persuasive, given Mr. Lassman’s 
intimate knowledge of, and experience with, the ClinicalTrials.gov website. 
See Ex. 1035 ¶ 6. Moreover, the NIH press release, quoted in the passage 
above, expressly states that the website provides easy access to information 
concerning clinical trials to “patients, families and members of the public.” 
See Ex. 1063. We thus find persuasive Mr. Lassman’s testimony that 
NCT ’653 was publicly accessible on the ClinicalTrials.gov website as of 
the priority date of the ’264 Patent. 
b) 
Alleged Anticipation of Claims 1–3 and 6–12 by NCT ’653 
Claims 1–3 and 6–11 
Petitioner provides a detailed explanation of how NCT ’653 discloses 
each limitation of independent claims 1 and 10. Pet. 42–47. Patent Owner 
disagrees with Petitioner’s analysis. PO Resp. 21–23. Having considered 
the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we find that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that NCT ’653 discloses each 
limitation of those claims. 
We address each limitation of claims 1 and 10 below. 
(1) “A method of treating rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in a patient 
comprising” 
We find NCT ’653 discloses the preamble because it describes a study 
to “investigate the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, efficacy and 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
29 
safety of subcutaneously administered tocilizumab in patients with 
rheumatoid arthritis.” Ex. 1004, 6; Ex. 1034 ¶ 127. As Petitioner notes, 
NCT ’653 states that “assessments will be made at regular intervals during 
treatment and on the 3 weeks follow-up.” Pet. 42–43 (quoting Ex. 1004, 6); 
see also Ex. 1004, 8 (describing sampling at various intervals during and 
throughout “treatment”). We credit the testimony of Dr. Boers, who 
explains that the because the study protocol requires assessing the 
treatment’s efficacy at certain intervals, a POSA would understand that the 
tocilizumab was administered to the patients in NCT ’653 with the intent to 
treat RA. Ex. 1034 ¶ 127. 
(2) 
“subcutaneously administering [an anti-IL-6 receptor (IL-6R) 
antibody (claim 1)]/[tocilizumab (claim 10)] to the patient” 
We find NCT ’653 discloses this limitation because it discloses a 
study of “subcutaneously administer[ing] tocilizumab in patients” with 
rheumatoid arthritis. Ex. 1004, 6; Ex. 1034 ¶ 129. Regarding claim 10, we 
find that Petitioner has shown that a POSA would have understood that 
tocilizumab is “an anti-IL-6R antibody.” See Pet. 42 (citing Ex. 1032 ¶ 187; 
Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 52, 129); Ex. 1001, 5:9–10 (“The invention also concerns 
subcutaneously administering an anti-IL-6R antibody (e.g. tocilizumab)”). 
(3) 
“wherein the [anti-IL-6R antibody (claim 1)]/[tocilizumab 
(claim 10)] is administered as a fixed dose of 162 mg per dose every 
week or every two weeks” 
We find NCT ’653 discloses this limitation because it discloses that 
patients received subcutaneously162 mg tocilizumab either every week or 
every other week, regardless of body weight or body surface area (i.e., a 
fixed dose). See Ex. 1004, 6 (stating “[p]atients will be randomized to 
receive tocilizumab 162 mg sc either weekly or every other week”); 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
30 
Ex. 1034 ¶ 130 (“The 162 mg dose is ‘fixed’ because it does not vary with 
body weight, body surface area or other criteria.”). 
(4) 
“wherein the anti-IL-6R antibody comprises the light chain and 
heavy chain amino acid sequences of SEQ ID Nos. 1 and 2, 
respectively” (claim 1) 
We find NCT ’653 discloses this limitation of claim 1. As Dr. Boers 
explains, and Patent Owner does not dispute, a POSA would have 
understood that the light and heavy chains of tocilizumab have the amino 
acid sequences of SEQ ID Nos. 1 and 2, respectively. See Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 132–
138; see also Ex. 1001, 6:60–62 (“FIGS. 7A and 7B depict the amino acid 
sequences of the light chain (FIG. 7A; SEQ ID NO:1) and heavy chain 
(FIG. 7B; SEQ ID NO:2) of Tocilizumab.”). 
Regarding claims 2, 3, and 6–9, which depend directly or indirectly 
from claim 1, and claim 11, which depends from claim 10, Petitioner asserts 
that NCT ’653 discloses the additional limitations of those claims. Pet. 47–
48. We have considered the arguments and evidence presented by the 
Petition and find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence 
that NCT ’653 discloses each limitation of those claims, as well, for the 
reasons stated in the Petition, which we adopt as our own. See id. (citing 
Ex. 1004, 6, 7, 9; Ex. 1001, 14:22–33; Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 139–42). Patent Owner 
does not argue separately the patentability of those dependent claims. See 
PO Resp. 21–23. 
Rather, Patent Owner argues that NCT ’653 does not anticipate any of 
the challenged claims because it does not disclose, either expressly or 
inherently, the subcutaneous administration of the claimed amount of 
tocilizumab “in a single injection.” PO Resp. 21–22. As explained above, 
however, the claims are not limited to administering tocilizumab in a single 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
31 
injection. See supra Section II.B.1 (declining to construe “per dose” to 
require a single injection). Patent Owner’s argument, therefore, fails on its 
face. 
Patent Owner also argues that NCT ’653 does not contain “any 
statement or suggestion on the efficacy of the subcutaneous dosing 
regimen.” PO Resp. 22–23. But, as explained above, the claims do not 
require efficacy; they simply require performing the method with an intent to 
treat rheumatoid arthritis. See supra Section II.B.2 (construing “method of 
treating rheumatoid arthritis” to require that the method be performed with 
an intentional purpose of treating rheumatoid arthritis, regardless of actual 
safety or efficacy). We find that NCT ’653 expressly discloses that 
intentional purpose of treating rheumatoid arthritis when it repeatedly refers 
to making assessments “during treatment.” See, e.g., Ex. 1004, 6 (stating 
“[a]ssessments will be made at regular intervals during treatment”); id. at 8 
(describing assessing various outcome measures at certain intervals “during 
treatment”); see also Ex. 1034 ¶ 127 (opining that in light of the assessments 
described in NCT ’653, “tocilizumab was administered to the patients in 
NCT ’653 with the intent to treat RA”). 
We therefore conclude that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance 
of the evidence that NCT ’653 discloses each limitation of claims 1–3 
and 6–11. 
Claim 12 
Regarding independent claim 12, which recites a “method of 
inhibiting progression of structural joint damage in a rheumatoid arthritis 
patient” and “wherein structural joint damage at week 24 or week 48 is 
found to be inhibited,” Petitioner asserts that a POSA would have 
understood that the method of treating rheumatoid arthritis in NCT ’653 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
32 
encompasses treating the symptoms of RA, including structural joint 
damage, and therefore anticipates claim 12. Pet. 48–50. And, to the extent 
the claim requires the step of actually finding inhibition, Petitioner asserts 
that NCT ’653 discloses examining patients at regular intervals to determine 
efficacy. Id. at 49 (citing Ex. 1004, 6). Moreover, Petitioner notes that 
although NCT ’653 does not expressly identify structural joint damage as a 
symptom to be measured as a secondary outcome, it does teach assessing 
plasma levels of TCZ and other factors that would indicate inhibition of joint 
damage. Id. at 49–50 (citing Ex. 1004, 8; Ex. 1034 ¶ 146). 
In our Institution Decision, we were not persuaded that Petitioner had 
shown sufficiently that there is a reasonable likelihood that it would prevail 
in showing that NCT ’653 anticipates claim 12. Dec. Inst. 13–14. Because 
Petitioner admitted that NCT ’653 does not expressly measure structural 
joint damage (Pet. 49), we found Petitioner had not shown sufficiently that 
NCT ’653 inherently discloses the limitation that “structural joint damage at 
week 24 or week 48 is found to be inhibited.” Dec. Inst. 14. Specifically, 
we noted that it appears the study described in NCT ’653 extends for only 15 
weeks (i.e., 12 weeks of treatment and 3 weeks of follow-up), and not the 
requisite 24 or 48 weeks. Id. (citing Ex. 1004, 6 (stating patients will 
“receive tocilizumab 162 mg sc either weekly or every other week . . . for 12 
weeks. Assessments will be made at regular intervals during treatment and 
on the 3 weeks of follow-up”)). 
Petitioner and its expert Dr. Boers now argue that although NCT ’653 
only tested the regimen for 12 weeks, a POSA would have understood that 
the regimen being tested was “designed for chronic use, well past 24 or 48 
weeks.” See Ex. 1139 ¶ 36 (citing Ex. 1004, 7); Pet. Reply 9. Petitioner 
also cites Example 3 of the ’264 Patent, which states that radiographic 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
33 
assessment “will be explored” at weeks 24 and 48, suggesting that the 
inventors expected inhibition of the progression of structural joint damage at 
week 24 and 48 without actually performing the analysis. Id. at 10. 
We do not find Petitioner’s argument persuasive. Inherent 
anticipation requires that NCT ’653 “must necessarily include the unstated 
limitation.” See Monsanto, 878 F.3d at 1343 (emphasis added). Petitioner, 
however, cites to insufficient evidence to establish that NCT ’653 
necessarily discloses the step of finding structural joint damage inhibition at 
week 24 or week 48. See Pet. Reply 9–10 (citing Ex. 1139 ¶ 36; Ex. 1034 
¶ 144; Ex. 1139 ¶¶ 22, 23, 68; Ex. 1128; Ex. 1154; Ex. 1046, 15–16; Ex. 
1127). That the ’264 Patent states assessments “will be explored” at weeks 
24 and 48 is irrelevant as to what NCT ’653 necessarily discloses. At best, 
Petitioner’s argument amounts to what a POSA could do, not what it 
necessarily would do based on the disclosure of NCT ’653. That is 
insufficient as a matter of law. See HTC Corp. v. Cellular Comm’cns 
Equip., LLC, 877 F.3d 1361, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“Inherency, however, 
may not be established by probabilities or possibilities. The mere fact that a 
certain thing may result from a given set of circumstances is not sufficient.”) 
(citations omitted). 
We therefore find Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that NCT ’653 inherently anticipates claim 12. 
Conclusion 
Accordingly, having considered the arguments and evidence presented 
at trial, we determine that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of 
the evidence that NCT ’653 anticipates claims 1–3 and 6–11, but does not 
anticipate claim 12. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
34 
D. Ground 2: Alleged Obviousness of Claims 1–3 and 6–11 
over NCT ’653 and Morichika 
Petitioner argues claims 1–3 and 6–11 of the ’264 Patent are 
unpatentable as obvious over the combination of NCT ’653 and Morichika. 
Pet. 50–52. Patent Owner opposes. PO Resp. 25–30. 
Based on the record presented at trial, we determine Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims would 
have been unpatentable as obvious over NCT ’653 and Morichika. 
We incorporate here our earlier findings and discussion regarding 
NCT ’653. 
1. 
Morichika (Ex. 1110) 
Morichika is a certified English translation of an international patent 
application from a group of Chugai scientists published on July 9, 2009, 
thereby making it prior art to the challenged claims. Ex. 1001, 1, 3; PO 
Resp. 25. Patent Owner does not argue otherwise. See generally PO Resp.; 
PO Sur-reply. 
Morichika relates to highly concentrated antibody-containing 
formulations suitable for subcutaneous administration. Ex. 1001, Abstract, 
¶ 1. Morichika explains that most known antibody formulations are used for 
intravenous injection, but there is “growing demand” for antibody-
containing formulations that can be self-injected subcutaneously. Id. ¶ 2. 
Morichika further explains that for antibody-containing formulations for 
subcutaneous injection, “it is necessary to increase the concentration of 
antibody in the injection solution because the amount of antibody 
administered per dose is large (about 100-200 mg), which the amount of 
injection solution is generally limited.” Id. ¶ 3. Morichika notes that highly 
concentrated antibody solutions “tend to form highly viscous solutions” and 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
35 
“are prone to aggregate formation” and “loss of bioactivity due to 
deamidation of amino acid residues. Id. ¶ 4. Accordingly, Morichika states 
that the purpose of its invention is to “provide a stable, highly concentrated 
antibody-containing formulation suitable for subcutaneous administration, in 
which dimer formation and deamidation are suppressed during longer-term 
storage.” Id. ¶ 7. Morichika then states that “[a]s a result of intensive 
research . . . , the inventors found that adding arginine or its salt . . . as a 
stabilizer could produce a stable antibody-containing solution formulation at 
a high concentration.” Id. ¶ 8. 
Morichika states that its highly concentrated antibody-containing 
liquid formulations are “especially suited for subcutaneous injection.” Id. 
¶ 53. Morichika also states that “the antibody concentration of the highly 
concentrated antibody solution formulation of the present invention is 
preferably 50–300 mg/mL, . . . especially 150–200 mg/mL.” Id. ¶ 15. 
Moreover, “[h]umanized anti-IL-6 receptor antibody is particularly preferred 
as a humanized antibody for use in the present invention.” Id. ¶ 29. 
Morichika then describes specific examples of highly concentrated solutions 
using an anti-IL-6R antibody referred to as “MRA” (i.e., tocilizumab18). Id. 
¶¶ 9, 61. In each sample prepared of the MRA formulation, Morichika uses 
a concentration of 180 mg/mL MRA. Id. ¶¶ 64 (Table 1-1), 73 (Tale 2-1), 
82 (Table 3-1). 
2. 
Analysis 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that 
 
18 According to Dr. Boers, tocilizumab was previously referred to as MRA. 
Ex. 1034 ¶ 78; see also Ex. 1040, 2817 (“tocilizumab (previously known as 
MRA)”). 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
36 
the subject matter, as a whole, would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which the 
subject matter pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations, including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of nonobviousness. 
Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
Accordingly, Petitioner must show that “a skilled artisan would have been 
motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art references to achieve the 
claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so.” In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 
F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (quotations and citations omitted). 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
combined NCT ’653 with Morichika, because Morichika’s subcutaneous 
formulation would have been suitable for use in NCT ’653’s clinical trial. 
Pet. 50–51 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 149). Petitioner argues that a person of 
ordinary skill would have been motivated to do so due to the well-known 
advantages of subcutaneous administration over the intravenous route. Id. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
37 
(citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 62–65, 149; Ex. 1110 ¶ 53). For example, subcutaneous 
administration takes less time and does not require a visit to the clinic, 
improves patient compliance because it is self-administered, and avoids 
spikes and troughs in serum plasma concentrations that can cause adverse 
effects. Ex. 1034 ¶ 62. 
Petitioner further argues that a person of ordinary skill would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in making the combination because 
using Morichika’s formulations in the NCT ’653 protocol “would have 
involved only routine skill.” Id. at 51 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 150; Ex. 1036 
¶ 37). Moreover, Petitioner argues that a POSA would have had a 
reasonable expectation of efficacy in at least some patients because “162 mg 
of tocilizumab administered SC QW or Q2W would produce roughly similar 
antibody exposure as the 4 mg/kg [IV] monthly dose that was known to be 
effective.” Id. at 52 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 153–157). Petitioner also notes that 
Roche sponsored NCT ’653, had announced that subcutaneous Actemra was 
“in development,” and stated that the “preferred” form of administering 
tocilizumab was “thought to be subcutaneous formulation.” Id. at 51 (citing 
Ex. 1071, 4; Ex. 1072 slide 12; Ex. 1030, 4; Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 69, 154–157). 
As explained above, we find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance 
of the evidence that NCT ’653 anticipates claims 1–3 and 6–11 of the ’264 
Patent. Thus, for the same reasons we find NCT ’653 anticipates claims 1–3 
and 6–11, we find Petitioner has shown that the combination of NCT ’653 
and Morichika renders those claims obvious. See Realtime Data, LLC v. 
Iancu, 912 F.3d 1368, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“[I]t is well settled that a 
disclosure that anticipates under § 102 also renders the claim invalid under 
§ 103, for anticipation is the epitome of obviousness.”) (internal quotations 
and citations omitted). 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
38 
That said, even if the claims were construed to be limited to 
administering tocilizumab subcutaneously in a single injection, as Patent 
Owner asserts, we find the claims would still be unpatentable as having been 
obvious at the critical time. 
Petitioner asserts that a POSA would have been motivated to modify 
NCT ’653 in view of Morichika’s disclosure of highly concentrated 
tocilizumab formulations and administer subcutaneously a fixed dose of 162 
mg tocilizumab in a single injection with a reasonable expectation of 
success. Pet. 50–51 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 149–150). Dr. Boers explains the 
clinical benefits of administering a single injection, testifying that a POSA 
would have been motivated to minimize the number of injections given to a 
patient “for purposes of patient compliance and comfort, including ease of 
administration and less pain, and to reduce needle-stick injuries to the 
healthcare workers administering the injections.” Ex. 1139 ¶ 51. Dr. Boers 
further explains that Morichika’s statements that the formulation of 
tocilizumab was stable and highly concentrated would have motivated the 
POSA to use that formulation, which would have enabled the POSA to give 
the 162 mg dose in a single injection subcutaneously. Id.; see Ex. 1110 
¶¶ 14–15, 33. 
Patent Owner disagrees, arguing that “nothing in Morichika suggests 
that any of the formulations it contains were ever administered to humans,” 
and that a POSA would not have reasonably expected success. PO Resp. 26 
(citing Ex. 2005 ¶ 49; Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 77–80); see also PO Sur-reply 11–13. 
Patent Owner’s expert Dr. Little explains that Morichika does not disclose 
the formulation actually used to administer subcutaneous tocilizumab and 
criticizes Patent Owner’s expert Dr. Dalby because he never explains why a 
POSA would have picked the one formulation that was “essentially the 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
39 
same” as the one the FDA eventually approved as safe and effective. PO 
Resp. 26 (citing Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 50–52). Moreover, Patent Owner argues there 
would not have been a reasonable expectation of success given the many 
issues with highly concentrated antibody formulations, like increased 
viscosity, aggregation, and what kind of device would be used to administer 
the drug. Id. at 26–30 (citing Ex. 2013, 8–14; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 17–19). 
Having considered the parties’ respective arguments, we find 
Petitioner has the better position. We find Patent Owner applies an 
improperly heightened standard to its reasonable expectation of success 
argument. Although it is true that Morichika does not expressly state that 
any of the formulations were actually administered to humans, the law does 
not require it to. Morichika “is prior art for all that it teaches.” See 
Beckman Instruments, Inc. v. LKB Produkter AB, 892 F.2d 1547, 1551 (Fed. 
Cir. 1989). And Morichika teaches a highly concentrated antibody-
containing formulation “suitable for subcutaneous administration.” Ex. 
1110 ¶ 7. Moreover, as the Federal Circuit has said, “our case law makes 
clear that a showing of reasonable expectation of success in a method of 
treatment claim need not rely on clinical data . . . nor must it include a 
demonstration of certainty that the treatment would be successful in every 
instance.” Eli Lilly, 8 F.4th at 1346. This is particularly true where, as here, 
the claims do not recite an “effective amount” or “efficacy” limitation. Cf. 
OSI Pharms., LLC v. Apotex Inc., 939 F.3d 1375, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2019) 
(finding no reasonable expectation of success where claims recited 
administering a “therapeutically effective amount” of drug to treat non-small 
cell lung cancer [NSCLC] and prior art references “contain no data or other 
promising information regarding [the drug’s] efficacy in treating NSCLC”). 
All that the claims require is that the method be performed with an 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
40 
intentional purpose of treating rheumatoid arthritis, regardless of safety and 
efficacy. See supra Section II.B.2. 
Viewing the evidence as a whole, we find a POSA would have had a 
reason to administer tocilizumab according to the dosing regimen of 
NCT ’653 in a single subcutaneous injection in view of Morichika’s high-
concentration tocilizumab formulations with a reasonable expectation of 
success. Unlike those cases where the prior art provided no information, 
direction or suggestion that would have led to a reasonable expectation of 
success (see, e.g., Eli Lilly, 8 F.4th at 1346–47), we find Morichika and the 
state of the art provide ample information and direction to provide a POSA 
with a reasonable expectation of success in achieving the claimed invention. 
As an initial matter, we credit the testimony of Dr. Dalby that a POSA 
would look to Morichika because it was published by Patent Owner Chugai, 
the innovator of tocilizumab. Ex. 1140 ¶ 16. That is, a POSA who was 
attempting to formulate a 162 mg subcutaneous dosage form of tocilizumab 
would have started with a formulation published by the innovator, who 
would reasonably be expected to have the most up-to-date information 
regarding how that drug should be formulated. Id. 
With that as background, a POSA would understand that Morichika 
describes various tocilizumab formulations that are “especially suited for 
subcutaneous injection.” Ex. 1110 ¶ 53. Morichika also states that “there 
have been no examples of commercial use of antibody-containing solution 
formulations of 120 mg/mL or higher, preferably 150 mg/mL or higher, and 
[that] the formula of the present invention enabled the commercial use of 
such highly concentrated antibody-containing solution formulations for the 
first time.” Id. ¶ 14. Importantly, Morichika addresses the various concerns 
raised by Patent Owner relating to high-concentration antibody formulations, 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
41 
such as deamidation, aggregation, and viscosity (see PO Resp. 26–27), and 
includes examples with recipes of formulations of high-concentration 
tocilizumab that address those concerns. See Ex. 1110 ¶¶ 33, 61–83 
(describing results of study showing synergistic effect of the combined use 
of arginine and methionine as a stabilizer to make a stable tocilizumab 
formulation with less dimerization and prevention of deamidation); see also 
id. ¶¶ 9, 55, claim 13 (describing preferable viscosity of formulation); Ex. 
1140 ¶¶ 19–28 (explaining Morichika’s formulations and the studies 
evaluating their stability). Because Morichika found formulation A8/A26 to 
be one of the two most stable formulations, we credit the testimony of Dr. 
Dalby that “[t]here is no reason why a POSA trying to formulate a 162 mg 
fixed dose of tocilizumab would not have tried to formulate using one of 
these stable formulations (A8 or A9, identical to A26 or A27).” See Ex. 
1140 ¶¶ 18–25 (explaining why, based on the data presented in Morichika, a 
POSA would have chosen the two most stable formulations, A8/A26 or 
A9/A27, which are similar to the formulation described in the ’264 Patent). 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Dalby “concedes that the formulation 
actually used to administer subcutaneous tocilizumab is not among those 
listed in Morichika.” PO Resp. 26; see also Ex. 2005 ¶ 51 (“[N]otably 
absent from the number of formulations disclosed in Morichika is the actual 
formulation disclosed in Table 2 of the ’264 . . . Patent[].”). Patent Owner 
and its expert Dr. Little also assert that even minor differences in 
formulations can change their pharmacokinetic characteristics when 
administered to patients. PO Resp. 26; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 49, 53. The problem 
with Patent Owner’s argument, however, is that the claims do not require a 
specific formulation. That Morichika does not disclose “the formulation 
actually used” is inapposite. See PO Resp. 26. Rather, “[t]he reasonable 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
42 
expectation of success requirement refers to the likelihood of success in 
combining references to meet the limitations of the claimed invention.” 
Intelligent Bio-Sys., Inc. v. Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1367 
(Fed. Cir. 2016) (emphasis added). 
Because Morichika—and the innovators of tocilizumab—describe 
various highly concentrated formulations of tocilizumab that are “suitable 
for subcutaneous administration,” we find that a POSA would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success that the tocilizumab dosing regimen of 
NCT ’653 could be administered in a single injection to treat rheumatoid 
arthritis in view of Morichika’s disclosure of its high-concentration 
tocilizumab formulations. 
Thus, having considered the arguments and evidence presented at 
trial, we find that the combination of NCT ’653 and Morichika teaches or 
suggests each limitation of claims 1–3 and 6–11 and that a POSA would 
have had a reason to combine the references with a reasonable expectation 
of success in reaching the claimed invention. 
Before considering Patent Owner’s objective evidence of 
nonobviousness, we address the remaining grounds challenging claims 4, 5, 
and 12 as having been obvious at the critical time. 
E. 
Grounds 3–4: Alleged Obviousness of Claims 4 and 5 
Petitioner asserts that claim 4 would have been obvious over 
NCT ’653, Morichika, and Emery. Pet. 53–54. Petitioner also asserts that 
claim 5 would have been obvious over NCT ’653, Morichika, and Maini. Id. 
at 55. Patent Owner opposes. PO Resp. 30–34. 
Based on the record presented at trial, we determine Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 4 and 5 are 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
43 
unpatentable as obvious over the cited art. We incorporate here our earlier 
findings and discussion regarding NCT ’653 and Morichika. 
1. 
Emery (Ex. 1043) 
Emery is a journal article that appears to have been published in 2008, 
thereby making it prior art to the challenged claims. Ex. 1043. Patent 
Owner does not assert otherwise. See generally PO Resp. Emery describes 
a clinical trial study relating to IL-6 receptor inhibition in RA patients who 
failed to respond or did not tolerate one or more tumor necrosis factor 
(“TNF”) antagonists (i.e., the patients were refractory to TNF). Ex. 1043, 
1516. Specifically, Emery discloses that “[t]ocilizumab plus methotrexate is 
effective in achieving rapid and sustained improvements in signs and 
symptoms of RA in patients with inadequate response to TNF antagonists 
and has a manageable safety profile.” Id. 
2. 
Maini (Ex. 1040) 
Maini is a journal article that appears to have been published in 2006, 
thereby making it prior art to the challenged claims. Ex. 1040. Patent 
Owner does not assert otherwise. See generally PO Resp. Maini describes a 
clinical trial study relating to the efficacy of “tocilizumab (previously known 
as MRA), a humanized anti-interleukin-6 (IL-6) receptor antibody, alone and 
in combination with methotrexate (MTX), for the treatment of rheumatoid 
arthritis (RA).” Ex. 1040, 2817. Maini states that TCZ “was used either as 
monotherapy (by discontinuation of MTX) or concomitantly with MTX 
therapy.” Id. at 2818. Maini discloses that a “20% response (improvement) 
according to the American College of Rheumatology criteria (ACR20 
response) was achieved by 61% and 63% of patients receiving 4 mg/kg and 
8 mg/kg of tocilizumab as monotherapy, respectively, and by 63% and 74% 
of patients receiving those doses of tocilizumab plus MTX.” Id. Maini 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
44 
states that “[t]he results of this study clearly show that infusions of 
tocilizumab every 4 weeks, with or without background MTX therapy, can 
produce marked and dose-related improvement in RA disease activity.” Id. 
at 2826. 
3. 
Analysis 
Claim 4 depends from claim 1 and further recites that the patient be a 
“TNF-inhibitor-inadequate responder.” Ex. 1001, Certificate of Correction, 
claim 4. Petitioner asserts that Emery teaches that the combination of TCZ 
and MTX was effective in treating RA in TNF-non-responders. Pet. 53–54 
(citing Ex. 1043, 1522; Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 61, 159–160). Petitioner argues that the 
known efficacy of TCZ and MTX in TNF inhibitor-inadequate responders, 
as well as the commercial approval of its use, “would have motivated a 
POSA to treat such patients with the fixed-dose SC regimen” of NCT ’653. 
Id. at 54 (citing Ex. 1006, 55; Ex. 1034 ¶ 161). Petitioner adds that a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have been further motivated by the known 
advantages of subcutaneous formulations over IV formulations. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1034 ¶ 161). 
Claim 5 depends from claim 1 and further recites that the patient be 
“methotrexate (MTX) naïve or has discontinued MTX.” Ex. 1001, 
Certificate of Correction, claim 5. Petitioner asserts that Maini describes the 
results of a study in which TCZ was used as monotherapy “by 
discontinuation of MTX” or together with MTX, and reports that both 
treatments were safe and efficacious. Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1040, 2818, 2821; 
Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 61, 166–167). Petitioner argues that in light of this known 
efficacy, and for the same reasons asserted for claim 4, claim 5 would have 
been obvious. Id. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
45 
In response, Patent Owner argues that neither Emery nor Maini 
supports Petitioner’s argument that a POSA would have been motivated to 
use the claimed method of treatment in the patient populations of claims 4 
and 5. PO Resp. 31. Specifically, Patent Owner argues that a POSA would 
have understood that the high-concentration required for subcutaneous 
administration could increase the risk of an immunogenic reaction, tissue 
damage, and formation of neutralizing anti-drug antibodies. Id. (citing 
Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 85–88; Ex. 2030, 3, 5; Ex. 2020, 9; Ex. 2022, 2; Ex. 2031, 5). 
Patent Owner also asserts that TNF-α and MTX inadequate responders 
(“TNF-IR” and “MTX-IR,” respectively) like the patients in claims 4 and 5 
can have poor overall prognosis and various other issues that complicate 
their treatment, which was known to be due in part to immunogenic 
reactions. Id. at 32 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 84–88). According to Patent Owner, 
because the prior art taught away from subcutaneous dosing of tocilizumab, 
a POSA would not have been motivated to administer NCT ’653’s 
subcutaneous dosing regimen to the TNF-IR and MTX-IR patients in Emery 
and Maini. Id. at 33 (citing Ex. 2030,19 6). 
We do not agree with Patent Owner’s arguments. As Patent Owner’s 
expert, Dr. Silverman notes, a POSA would have understood from Emery 
and Maini that tocilizumab was effective in TNF-inhibitor-inadequate 
responders and MTX naiive or discontinued patients. Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 82, 83. 
Moreover, we credit the testimony of Dr. Boers that any acute immunogenic 
events caused by subcutaneous administration would be within the high 
 
19 Braun et al., Protein Aggregates Seem to Play a Key Role Among the 
Parameters Influencing the Antigenicity of Interferon Alpha (IFN-a) in 
Normal and Transgenic Mice, 14 Pharm. Res. 1472–78 (1997) (Ex. 2030, 
“Braun”). 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
46 
level of skill in the art and manageable by a POSA. See Ex. 1139 ¶¶ 43–45; 
Ex. 1142; Ex. 1143 (showing co-administration of methotrexate with 
adalimumab and infliximab effectively reduced immunogenicity). 
Moreover, as Petitioner notes, Patent Owner’s reliance on Braun as teaching 
away is not persuasive, particularly given that it does not specifically 
concern tocilizumab and was published ten years before NCT ’653. Pet. 
Reply 16 (citing Ex. 1139 ¶¶ 38, 39, 56). To the extent Patent Owner 
repeats its arguments regarding the lack of reasonable expectation of 
success, we have addressed those arguments above. 
Accordingly, based on the arguments and evidence presented at trial, 
we find that (1) the combination of NCT ’653, Morichika, and Emery 
teaches or suggests each limitation of claim 4, (2) the combination of NCT 
’653, Morichika, and Maini teaches or suggests each limitation of claim 5, 
and (3) a POSA would have had a reason to combine the references with a 
reasonable expectation of success in reaching the claimed invention. 
We address Patent Owner’s objective evidence of nonobviousness 
below. But first, we turn to Petitioner’s obviousness challenge to claim 12. 
F. 
Ground 5: Alleged Obviousness of Claim 12 
Petitioner asserts that claim 12 would have been obvious over NCT 
’653, Morichika, and Kremer 2009. Pet. 55–56. Patent Owner opposes. 
PO Resp. 34–39. 
Based on the record presented at trial, we determine Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 12 is unpatentable as 
obvious over the cited art. We incorporate here our earlier findings and 
discussion regarding NCT ’653 and Morichika. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
47 
1. 
Kremer 2009 (Ex. 1029) 
 Kremer 2009 discloses an abstract entitled “LITHE: Tocilizumab 
Inhibits Radiographic Progression and Improves Physical Function in 
Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) Patients (Pts) at 2 Yrs with Increasing Clinical 
Efficacy Over Time.” Ex. 1029, 516. Kremer 2009 appears to have been 
published in October 2009 from the 73rd Annual Scientific Meeting of the 
American College of Rheumatology (October 16–21, 2009), thereby making 
it prior art to the challenged claims. Ex. 1029. Patent Owner does not assert 
otherwise. See generally PO Resp. 
Kremer 2009 “report[s] the results of a 2-yr planned analysis of a 
double-blind, randomized controlled, phase 3 trial of TCZ in [patients] with 
moderate to severe RA who remained on MTX despite inadequate 
response,” also referred to as the LITHE study. Ex. 1029, 516; Ex. 1119 ¶ 4. 
Kremer 2009 discloses that patients in the clinical trial received “TCZ + 
MTX (4 mg/kg [TCZ4] or 8 mg/kg [TCZ8]) or placebo + MTX (control 
[CON]) every 4 wks.” Ex. 1029, 516. “At wk 52, all pts were required to 
initiate open-label TCZ8 for yr 2, unless they had achieved ≥ 70% 
improvement in SJC and TJC, allowing them to continue the blinded therapy 
they were receiving at the end of yr 1 to wk 104.” Id. Moreover, the 
“[p]rimary 2-yr end points were change from baseline in Genant-modified 
Total Sharp Score (GmTSS) and physical function.” Id. 
Kremer 2009 discloses that “clinically significant improvements in 
SJC [swollen joint count] occurred [] that were maintained through [week] 
104” in patients treated with TCZ. Id. Additionally, Kremer 2009 discloses 
“significantly less radiographic progression (81% inhibition)” in the TCZ8 
group. Id. Kremer 2009 explains that “TCZ + MTX continues to inhibit 
radiographic progression and improve physical function with a clinical 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
48 
effect, as evidenced by improving DAS28 [disease activity score] remission, 
LDAS [low disease activity state], and SJC at 2 yrs and with a manageable 
safety profile.” Id. 
2. 
Analysis 
Petitioner asserts that the prior art disclosed that tocilizumab “was 
effective in inhibiting structural joint damage.” Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1034 
¶¶ 169–170). Petitioner’s expert Dr. Boers explained that Kremer 200820 
reported the results after 12 months from the same LITHE clinical trial as 
Kremer 2009. Ex. 1034 ¶ 169. Dr. Boers explained that the results of 
Kremer 2008 established that tocilizumab “significantly inhibited the 
progression of structural joint damage” and that “the percentage of patients 
showing no progression of joint erosion, joint space narrowing or 
progression in Genant-modified total Sharp score (GnTSS) were essentially 
the same for the 4 mg/kg and 8 mg/kg groups.” Id. (citing Kremer 2008 at 
Table). 
Petitioner asserts that Kremer 2009 teaches administering 4 mg/kg 
or 8 mg/kg IV TCZ every four weeks for 12 months and found that patients 
receiving 4 mg/kg had almost the same inhibition of structural joint damage 
as those receiving 8 mg/kg IV TCZ, showing similar percentages of “no 
GmTSS progression.” Pet. 55–56 (citing Ex. 1029, Table A; Ex. 1028). 
Petitioner also asserts that an assessment near the 52-week mark, 
including 48 weeks, would have been obvious, as doctors typically assess 
 
20 Kremer et al., Tocilizumab Inhibits Structural Joint Damage in 
Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients with an Inadequate Response to 
Methotrexate: The LITHE Study, 58 ARTHRITIS & RHEUMATISM 4031 (2008) 
(Ex. 1028, “Kremer 2008”). 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
49 
joint damage “around” the one-year mark. Pet. Reply 22 (citing Ex. 1136, 
75:21–76:10; Ex. 1119 ¶¶ 9–15, 28) 
In response, Patent Owner argues that neither NCT ’653 nor 
Morichika describe any parameters necessary for assessing progression of 
joint damage. PO Resp. 34. Moreover, Kremer 2009 only discloses 
assessments of structural joint damage at baseline and week 104, not 
week 24 or 48, as recited in claim 12. Id. at 35. According to Patent 
Owner’s expert Dr. Silverman, a POSA would not necessarily expect 
inhibition of joint damage at weeks 24 and 48 in light of results at week 104 
because clinical improvements like inhibition of joint damage do not 
necessarily occur linearly. Id. Patent Owner also argues that Kremer 2009 
does not test tocilizumab as a monotherapy, as required by claim 12, and 
does not distinguish between patients who received 4 mg/kg for the 
entire 104 weeks and those who received 8 mg/kg tocilizumab at some point 
during trial. Id. at 35–36. Moreover, Patent Owner asserts that 
Kremer 2009 would teach a POSA that “the 4 mg/kg dose (equivalent to 162 
mg subcutaneous tocilizumab every other week) would not be effective at 
inhibiting joint damage and that the higher 8 mg/kg dosage (equivalent to 
162 mg every week) should be used instead.” Id. at 36; see also PO Sur-
reply 22–24 (arguing a POSA would have doubted that 4 mg/kg Q2W IV 
would inhibit progression of structural joint damage). 
Having now considered the complete record presented at trial, we find 
Petitioner has the better position. Although Kremer 2009 discloses the 
GmTSS scores of the patients after 104 weeks, that data shows that a 
number of patients receiving TCZ4 and TCZ8 had no progression of 
structural joint damage. See Ex. 1029, Table A. We credit the testimony of 
Dr. Boers that if structural joint damage has not progressed after 104 weeks, 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
50 
then it would not have progressed after 24 or 48 weeks. See Ex. 1119 ¶¶ 14–
15. Dr. Boers explains that because “joint damage can only progress,” a 
POSA would have understood that those patients whose GmTSS scores did 
not increase from baseline for the entire 104-week period would have had 
the same baseline GmTSS scores at weeks 24 and 48. Id. 
Although Patent Owner’s expert Dr. Silverman disagrees, we find 
Dr. Boers’s explanation to be more credible than Dr. Silverman’s. Both 
experts offer analogies to explain the Kremer 2009 data. Dr. Boers 
compares the LITHE study to a study of whether fluoridated water prevents 
cavities in children over a two-year period. Ex. 1119 ¶ 16. According to 
Dr. Boers, if the study finds that 75% of children consuming fluoridated 
water had no cavities over the two-year period, at least those same children 
would also have had no cavities at 24 and 48 weeks. Id. As Dr. Boers 
explains, “[t]he cavities—like joint damage—are a one-way street: once 
they are detected in a study patient, that patient permanently falls out of the 
group that got no cavities during the study.” Id. 
Dr. Silverman disagrees, stating that clinical improvements like 
inhibition of joint damage do not necessarily occur linearly. Ex. 2009 ¶ 91. 
To support his opinion, Dr. Silverman analogizes inhibition of joint damage 
to treating a fever with a course of antibiotics. According to Dr. Silverman, 
if a patient has a fever and other symptoms and is prescribed medication on 
day 1, the patient may no longer have the fever and symptoms by day 10. 
Id. Dr. Silverman states, however, that “it does not follow that at day 2 and 
day 5, the patient also had no fever or symptoms” without specifically 
measuring on day 2 and day 5. Id. 
We agree with Petitioner that Dr. Silverman’s analogy is insufficiently 
supported by the record. As explained by Dr. Boers, joint damage is not like 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
51 
a transient fever that comes and goes. See Ex. 1139 ¶ 59. Rheumatoid 
arthritis is a progressive disease and joint erosion—like a tooth cavity—“is 
essentially a one-way street.” Id. 
Furthermore, Dr. Boers’s explanation is confirmed by the results of 
Kremer 2008, showing joint erosion was assessed after 52 weeks and certain 
patients receiving TCZ4 and TCZ8 had “[n]o progression” in GmTSS after 
52 weeks.21 See Ex. 1028, Table. Kremer 2008 therefore concluded that 
“TCZ therapy significantly inhibited the progression of structural joint 
damage.” Id., 4031. We thus find that a POSA, in view of the one-way 
progression of joint erosion and the disclosure of Kremer 2008, would have 
understood Kremer 2009 to have measured the GmTSS score at 52 weeks 
and found inhibition of structural joint damage at that time. As explained 
above, because the claims encompass assessing joint damage at 52 weeks to 
find inhibition of joint damage (see supra Section II.B.3), we find Petitioner 
has shown that Kremer 2009 teaches or suggests this limitation of claim 12. 
As for Patent Owner’s arguments that Kremer 2009 (1) does not teach 
treating with tocilizumab as a monotherapy, (2) does not distinguish between 
patients who receive 4 mg/kg and 8 mg/kg, and (3) does not suggest 
administering 4 mg/kg over 8 mg/kg, we find those arguments to be 
 
21 Patent Owner objects to Petitioner’s reliance on Kremer 2008 as not 
included in any petitioned Ground. PO Sur-reply 21. But Petitioner cites 
Kremer 2008 in the Petition and in Dr. Boers’s First Declaration. See 
Pet. 55–56; Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 169–170; see also Tr. 22:1–7 (Petitioner’s counsel 
stating “it is our view that Kremer 2008 informs Kremer 2009”). We 
therefore do not consider Petitioner’s use of Kremer 2008 to be improper. 
Regardless, even without Kremer 2008, our conclusion would be the same as 
we find it would have been obvious for a POSA to evaluate joint damage 
at 52 weeks, which the parties’ experts agree is standard practice for 
rheumatologists. See Ex. 1139 ¶ 60; Ex. 1136, 75:21–76:10. 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
52 
inapposite. Notwithstanding Patent Owner’s assertion to the contrary, 
claim 12 does not preclude the use of methotrexate together with 
tocilizumab. See Ex. 1001, Certificate of Correction, claim 12 (using 
transition term “comprising”); Ex. 1139 ¶ 62. Moreover, as Dr. Boers 
explains, because the control arm of the LITHE study was methotrexate 
alone, a POSA would have attributed the increased efficacy to tocilizumab. 
Ex. 1139 ¶ 63. 
We also credit the testimony of Dr. Boers that a POSA would have 
understood from Kremer 2009 (as informed by Kremer 2008) that at least 
some TCZ4 patients would have experienced inhibition of structural joint 
damage at 52 weeks, even without the data that mixes the two groups 
together. See Ex. 1119 ¶¶ 5–6, 25–26; Ex. 1139 ¶¶ 65–66. Whether 
Kremer 2009 suggests that TCZ8 was also effective does not take away from 
the teaching that TCZ4 inhibited structural joint damage, as well. 
Thus, having considered the arguments and evidence presented at 
trial, we find the combination of NCT ’653, Morichika, and Kremer 2009 
teaches or suggests each limitation of claim 12 and that a POSA would have 
had a reason to combine the references with a reasonable expectation of 
success in reaching the claimed invention. 
Before reaching our conclusion on obviousness, we now consider 
Patent Owner’s objective evidence of nonobviousness. 
3. 
Objective Evidence of Nonobviousness 
“Objective indicia of nonobviousness can serve as an important check 
against hindsight bias and ‘must always when present be considered.’” 
Merck & Cie v. Gnosis S.P.A., 808 F.3d 829, 837 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Patent 
Owner argues that evidence of unexpected results supports the 
nonobviousness of the claims. PO Resp. 50–52. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
53 
“To be particularly probative, evidence of unexpected results must 
establish that there is a difference between the results obtained and those of 
the closest prior art, and that the difference would not have been expected by 
one of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention.” Bristol-Myers 
Squibb Co. v. Teva Pharms USA, Inc., 752 F.3d 967, 977 (Fed. Cir. 2014). 
According to Patent Owner and its experts Drs. Samara and Silverman, a 
POSA would have considered Maini and Nishimoto to be the closest prior 
art. Patent Owner asserts that both references teach that 8 mg/kg IV 
tocilizumab showed superior efficacy compared to doses of 4 mg/kg and 
2 mg/kg. PO Resp. 50–51 (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 68–73; Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 105–108). 
In light of these results, Patent Owner argues that a POSA would not have 
expected 162 mg tocilizumab administered every other week would be 
effective because such a regimen would provide patients with far less 
tocilizumab than they would receive using the 8 mg/kg IV treatment 
regimen. Id. at 51 (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 68–73; Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 107–108). 
In response, Petitioner argues that because Patent Owner’s main 
argument for nonobviousness is that Morichika does not provide a 
formulation that would be safe and effective to practice the claimed 
invention, the alleged unexpected results are not commensurate in scope 
with the claims, which do not recite any specific formulation. Pet. Reply 27 
(citing PO Resp. 25–27; Ex. 1140 ¶¶ 7–9). Petitioner also argues that 
administering 162 mg tocilizumab every other week was known to be 
effective, as that dosing regimen inhibited bone damage in at least some 
rheumatoid arthritis patients. Id. at 27–28 (citing Ex. 1139 ¶¶ 71–73). Thus, 
Petitioner’s expert Dr. Boers opines that “[t]o the extent that the claimed 
regimens produced somewhat better results than expected, this is a 
difference of degree only and does not negate the motivation that the 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
54 
expected efficacy would have given a POSA to try the claimed regimen.” 
Ex. 1139 ¶ 72. 
Having considered the evidence of unexpected results presented by 
Patent Owner, we do not agree that it outweighs the strong evidence of 
obviousness, particularly for claims 1–3 and 6–11, which we found to be 
obvious based on anticipation. See Newell Cos. v. Kenney Mfg. Co., 864 
F.2d 757, 769 (Fed. Cir. 1988), cert. denied, 493 U.S. 814 (1989) (holding 
that although the record may establish evidence of secondary considerations 
which are indicia of nonobviousness, the record may also establish such a 
strong case of obviousness that the objective evidence of nonobviousness is 
not sufficient to outweigh the evidence of obviousness). Moreover, as 
explained above with respect to claim 12, we find a POSA would have had a 
reasonable expectation that administering 162 mg subcutaneously every 
other week would be effective at inhibiting structural joint damage given the 
positive results from Kremer 2009 studying the effects of 4 mg/kg IV 
tocilizumab. See supra Section II.F.2. To the extent there may have been 
some level of surprise at the results of administering 162 mg TCZ every 
other week, we find that to be a difference in degree and not kind, as it is a 
“predictable result but to an unexpected extent.” See UCB, Inc. v. Actavis 
Labs. UT, Inc., 65 F4th 679, 693 (Fed. Cir. 2023) (stating “[a] difference of 
degree is not as persuasive as a difference in kind—i.e., if the range 
produces a new property dissimilar to the known property, rather than 
producing a predictable result but to an unexpected extent.”). 
4. 
Conclusion on Obviousness of Claims 1–12 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–
12 are unpatentable as obvious over the cited references. 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
55 
G. 
Remaining Grounds 
In the remaining grounds of the Petition, Petitioner asserts claims 1–
12 of the ’264 Patent would have been unpatentable as obvious over the 
same combinations of art as the previous grounds (i.e., NCT ’653 and 
Morichika alone (claims 1–3, 6–11) or in combination with Emery (claim 4), 
Maini (claim 5), or Kremer 2009 (claim 12)), but adds references to bolster 
its argument that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have had a 
reasonable expectation that a 162 mg SC fixed dose of TCZ weekly or twice 
weekly would have been effective against RA. Pet. 56–73. Specifically, 
Petitioner adds Ng, Nishimoto, FDA Review, and SC PK Prior Art in one set 
of grounds (identified as Grounds 6 and 8 in the Petition) and Ng, 
Nishimoto, EMA Report, Chernajovsky, and SC PK Prior Art in another set 
of grounds (identified as Grounds 7 and 9 in the Petition). 
Because we have determined claims 1–12 of the ’264 Patent are 
unpatentable as anticipated and/or obvious over NCT ’653 alone or in 
combination with other cited references, and therefore dispositive as to all 
challenged claims, we need not reach the remaining grounds for purposes of 
our Decision. See SAS Inst. Inc. v. Iancu, 138 S. Ct. 1348, 1359 (2018) 
(holding that a petitioner “is entitled to a final written decision addressing all 
of the claims it has challenged”); Bos. Sci. Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. 
Inc., 809 F. App’x 984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (non-precedential) (recognizing 
that the “Board need not address issues that are not necessary to the 
resolution of the proceeding” and, thus, agreeing that the Board has 
“discretion to decline to decide additional instituted grounds once the 
petitioner has prevailed on all its challenged claims”). 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
56 
III. 
PETITIONER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
The party moving to exclude evidence bears the burden of proving 
that it is entitled to the relief requested—namely, that the material sought to 
be excluded is inadmissible under the Federal Rules of Evidence (“FRE”). 
See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.20(c), 42.62(a). 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Exclude Exhibits 2005, 2006, 2009, 2034, 
2065, 2080, 2081, and 2083. Paper 65. Patent Owner opposes Petitioner’s 
Motion. Paper 67. Because we determine claims 1–12 of the ’264 Patent 
are unpatentable by a preponderance of the evidence, we need not reach 
Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude and we dismiss Petitioner’s Motion as moot. 
IV. 
CONCLUSION22 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has 
established by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–12 of the ’264 
Patent are unpatentable. 
In summary: 
 
22 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claim(s) 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–3, 6–12 
102 
NCT ’653 
1–3, 6–11 
12 
1–3, 6–11 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika 
1–3, 6–11 
 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
57 
 
23 As explained above, we need not reach this ground because the grounds 
over NCT ’653; NCT ’653 and Morichika; NCT ’653, Morichika and 
Emery; and NCT ’653, Morichika and Maini are dispositive of challenged 
claims 1–11. 
24 As explained above, we need not reach this ground because the ground 
over NCT ’653, Morichika and Emery is dispositive of challenged claim 4. 
25 As explained above, we need not reach this ground because the ground 
over NCT ’53, Morichika and Maini is dispositive of challenged claim 5. 
4 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Emery 
4 
 
5 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Maini 
5 
 
12 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Kremer 
2009 
12 
 
1–11 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Ng, 
Nishimoto, FDA 
Review, SC PK 
Prior Art23 
 
 
4 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Ng, 
Emery, Nishimoto, 
FDA Review, SC 
PK Prior Art24 
 
 
5 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Ng, 
Maini, Nishimoto, 
FDA Review, SC 
PK Prior Art25 
 
 
1–11 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Ng, 
Nishimoto, EMA 
Report, 
 
 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
58 
 
26 As explained above, we need not reach this ground because the grounds 
over NCT ’653; NCT ’653 and Morichika; NCT ’653, Morichika and 
Emery; and NCT ’653, Morichika and Maini are dispositive of challenged 
claims 1–11. 
27 As explained above, we need not reach this ground because the ground 
over NCT ’653, Morichika and Emery is dispositive of challenged claim 4. 
28 As explained above, we need not reach this ground because the ground 
over NCT ’53, Morichika and Maini is dispositive of challenged claim 5. 
29 As explained above, we need not reach this ground because the ground 
over NCT ’653, Morichika, and Kremer 2009 is dispositive of challenged 
claim 12. 
Chernajovsky, SC 
PK Prior Art26 
4 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Ng, 
Emery, Nishimoto, 
EMA Report, 
Chernajovsky, SC 
PK Prior Art27 
 
 
5 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Ng, 
Maini, Nishimoto, 
EMA Report, 
Chernajovsky, SC 
PK Prior Art28 
 
 
12 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Ng, 
Kremer, 
Nishimoto, FDA 
Review, SC PK 
Prior Art29 
 
 
12 
103 
NCT ’653, 
Morichika, Ng, 
Kremer, 
Nishimoto, EMA 
Report, 
 
 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
59 
 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–12 of U.S. Patent No. 8,580,264 B2 are held 
unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
the parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirement of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30 As explained above, we need not reach this ground because the ground 
over NCT ’653, Morichika, and Kremer 2009 is dispositive of challenged 
claim 12. 
Chernajovsky, SC 
PK Prior Art30 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–12 
 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2022-00578 
Patent 8,580,264 B2 
60 
 
 
PETITIONER: 
Lora M. Green 
Yahn-Lin Chu 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
lgreen@geminilaw.com 
fchu@geminilaw.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Thomas S. Fletcher 
David I. Berl 
WILLIAMS & CONNOLLY LLP 
tfletcher@wc.com 
dberl@wc.com