--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
Paper 50 
571-272-7822 
 
 
Date: June 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
FORESIGHT DIAGNOSTICS, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
PERSONALIS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
____________ 
 
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
____________ 
 
 
Before ULRIKE W. JENKS, ROBERT A. POLLOCK, and 
TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
POLLOCK, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
This is a Final Written Decision in an inter partes review challenging 
the patentability of claims 1–23 of U.S. Patent No. 11,408,033 B2 (“the ’033 
patent,” Ex. 1001). We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. 
Petitioner has the burden of proving unpatentability of the challenged 
claims by a preponderance of the evidence. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e) (2018). 
Having reviewed the parties’ arguments and cited evidence, for the reasons 
discussed below, we find that Petitioner has demonstrated by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–23 are unpatentable for the 
reasons set forth in the Petition. 
A. Procedural History 
Foresight Diagnostics Inc. (“Petitioner” or “Foresight”) filed a 
Petition for an inter partes review of claims 1–23 of the ’394 patent. Paper 1 
(“Pet.”). Personalis, Inc. (“Patent Owner” or “Personalis”) timely filed a 
Preliminary Response. Paper 7. With our authorization (see Ex. 3001), 
Petitioner filed a Reply to the Preliminary Response (Paper 8); Patent Owner 
filed a corresponding Sur-reply (Paper 10). In view of the then-available 
preliminary record, we instituted an inter partes review. Paper 11 
(“Institution Decision” or “DI”). 
After institution, Patent Owner filed a Response. Paper 18 (“POR”). 
Petitioner filed a Reply. Paper 41 (“Reply”). Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply. 
Paper 38 (“Sur-reply”). With our authorization, Petitioner further filed a 
Response to Patent Owner’s Sur-reply. Paper 42 (“Resp.”). 
On March 19, 2024, we held an oral hearing, the transcript of which is 
of record. Paper 46 (“Tr.”). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
3 
B. Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself, Foresight Diagnostics Inc., as the real 
party-in-interest. Paper 32, 1. Patent Owner also identifies only itself, 
Personalis, Inc., as the real party-in-interest in this proceeding. Paper 6, 1. 
C. Related Matters 
In addition to the ’033 patent at issue here, Petitioner concurrently 
challenges claims of related U.S. Patent No. 11, 384,394 B2 (“the ’394 
patent”) in IPR2023-00224. The ’033 and ’394 patents share substantially 
the same disclosure. 
The parties further identify as “related proceedings,” Petitioner’s 
challenge of Personalis’s U.S. Patent Nos. 11,299,783 (“the ’783 patent”) 
and 10,450,611 (“the ’611 patent”) in IPR2023-00545 and IPR2023-00546, 
respectively. Paper 6, 1; Paper 33, 2. IPR2024-00170 involving U.S. Patent 
No. 11,584,968 (“the ’968 patent”) is also before us. See Paper 33, 2 
The ’394, ’033, ’738, and ’611 patents are at issue in Personalis, Inc. 
v. Foresight Diagnostics, Inc., C.A. No. 1:22-cv-01913 (D. Colo.) (“the 
01913 litigation”). See Pet. 3; Paper 6, 1; Ex. 1010, 1, 3–6; Exhibit 1010, 1 
(First Amended Complaint adding ’033 patent). Petitioner further identifies 
as a “related matter[],” Personalis, Inc. v. Foresight Inc., 1:23-cv-01623 (D. 
Colo.), which further involves the ’968 patent. Paper 33, 2; Ex. 1010, 1; 
IPR2024-00170, Paper 1, 1, 3 (stating that Foresight has moved to 
consolidate the two district court proceedings). 
D. Asserted Challenges to Patentability 
Petitioner challenges the patentability of claims 1–23 on the following 
bases: (Pet. 16): 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
4 
Ground 
Claims 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–7, 10–23 
§ 102 
Forshew1 
2 
1–23 
§ 103 
Forshew, Wagle2 
3 
1–9, 11–23 
§ 103 
Wagle, Chan3 
In support of its patentability challenge, Petitioner relies on, inter alia, 
the First and Second Declarations of John Quackenbush, Ph.D., 
Exhibits 1020 and 1225, respectively. Patent Owner relies on, inter alia, the 
Declaration of Henry Morrice Furneaux, Ph.D., Exhibit 2031. Patent Owner 
further relies on the Declarations of Jonathan MacQuitty (Ex. 2033), Doug 
Zeman (Ex. 2034), Dan Norton (Ex. 2035), and John West (Ex. 2032).4 
E. The ’033 Patent and Related Background 
1. Priority 
The ’033 patent, titled Methods and Systems for Genetic Analysis, 
issued to Bartha et al., from U.S. Application 17/078,857, filed October 23, 
 
1 Tim Forshew, et al., “Noninvasive Identification and Monitoring of Cancer 
Mutations by Targeted Deep Sequencing of Plasma DNA,” 4 Science 
Translational Medicine 136ra68 (2012). Ex. 1030, Ex. 1032 (Supplementary 
Materials). 
2 Nikhil Wagle et al., “High-Throughput Detection of Actionable Genomic 
Alterations in Clinical Tumor Samples by Targeted, Massively Parallel 
Sequencing,” Jan. 2012 Cancer Discovery 83–93. Ex. 1033. 
3 K.C. Allen Chan et al., “Cancer Genome Scanning in Plasma: Detection of 
Tumor-Associated Copy Number Aberrations, Single-Nucleotide Variants, 
and Tumoral Heterogeneity by Massively Parallel Sequencing,” 59(1) Clin. 
Chem. 211–224 (2013). Ex. 1008. 
4 Mr. West is a named inventor of the challenged patent. Ex. 1001, code 
(72). Mr. West co-founded Personalis and served as its Chief Executive 
Officer from August 2011 through December 2022. Ex. 2023 ¶ 3. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
5 
2020, via a series of continuation and divisional applications first filed on 
December 27, 2013, and further claims benefit of priority to U.S. Provisional 
Application No. 61/753,828, filed on January 17, 2013 (“the ’828 
Provisional Application”). Ex. 1001, code (12), (21), (22), (54), and (60).5 
The parties dispute whether the ’033 patent is entitled to the benefit of the 
provisional filing date. See, e.g., Reply 12–13; POR 2, 6. 
2. Abstract and Specification 
The Abstract of the ’033 patent broadly describes “systems and 
methods for sample processing and data analysis,” which can include 
“nucleic acid sample processing and subsequent sequencing.” Ex. 1001, 
code (57). According to the Abstract, the resultant “sequence information 
may be analyzed with the aid of a computer processor, and the analyzed 
sequence information may be stored in an electronic storage location that 
may include a pool or collection of sequence information and analyzed 
sequence information generated from the nucleic acid sample.” Id. 
The ’033 Specification more specifically discloses methods for 
“predicting, diagnosing, and/or prognosing a status or outcome of a disease 
or condition in a subject.” Id. at 55:38–50. In some embodiments, this 
involves the collection and analysis of sequence information derived from 
body fluid or tissue, including “from a subject suffering from a cancer.” Id. 
at 38:57–67, 55:51–57:8. 
 
5 The ’394 patent likewise issued from a series of continuation and division 
applications first filed on December 27, 2013, and claims benefit of priority 
to the ’828 Provisional Application such that the ’033 and ’394 patents share 
the same disclosure. As such, the parties’ declarants generally cite only one 
of the two substantially identical disclosures. See, e.g., Ex. 2031 ¶ 57 n.3; 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 39. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
6 
3. Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–23, of which only claim 1 is 
independent and recites: 
1. A method for analyzing a nucleic acid sample obtained 
from an individual, comprising: 
(a) producing, with the aid of a computer processor, a 
plurality of capture probes, wherein said plurality of capture 
probes hybridize to a plurality of polymorphisms, wherein said 
plurality of polymorphisms are in sequences encoding genes 
with known biomedically interpretable variants, and wherein 
said plurality of polymorphisms are based on or extracted from 
one or more databases of polymorphisms and are observed in a 
population of one or more samples; 
(b) contacting said nucleic acid sample with said plurality of 
capture probes produced in (a); 
(c) conducting a sequencing assay on a subset of nucleic 
acid molecules generated from said nucleic acid sample in step 
(b) to yield a result comprising a nucleic acid sequence, thereby 
analyzing said nucleic acid sample; and 
(d) repeating steps (b)–(c) on a subsequently obtained 
biological sample from said individual. 
Ex. 1001, 79:46–65. Depending from claim 1, claim 2 entails 
“generating a biomedical report that includes biomedical 
information” referenced in claim step 1(a), whereas dependent 
claim 3 recites that this biomedical information 
is predictive, prognostic, or diagnostic of one or more 
biomedical features selected from the group consisting of 
disease state, efficacy of a drug therapy, prediction of optimal 
drug dosage, recommendation of one or more therapies, and 
recommendation of a course of treatment of a disease. 
Id. at 79:66–80:32. Also depending from claim 1, claim 10 specifies that the 
“capture probes further comprise barcodes.” Id. at 80:50–51. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
7 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
“In an IPR, the petitioner has the burden from the onset to show with 
particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. 
Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. 
§ 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review petitions to identify “with 
particularity . . . the evidence that supports the grounds for the challenge to 
each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent Owner. See 
Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 
(Fed. Cir. 2015) (discussing the burden of proof in inter partes review). 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–7 and 10–23 are anticipated by the 
prior art. Pet. 11. To show anticipation under 35 U.S.C. § 102, each and 
every claim element, arranged as in the claim, must be found in a single 
prior art reference. Net MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. 
Cir. 2008). The prior art need not, however, use the same words as the 
claims to find anticipation. In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 1334 (Fed. Cir. 
2009). In evaluating anticipation, it is permissible to take into account not 
only the literal teachings of the prior art reference, but also the inferences the 
skilled artisan would draw from it. Eli Lilly and Co. v. Los Angeles 
Biomedical Res. Inst. At Harbor-UCLA Med. Ctr., 849 F.3d 1073, 1074–75 
(Fed. Cir. 2017) (holding that the “dispositive question regarding 
anticipation is whether one skilled in the art would reasonably understand or 
infer from a prior art reference that every claim element is disclosed in that 
reference”). As such, “a reference can anticipate a claim even if it does not 
expressly spell out all the limitations arranged or combined as in the claim, 
if a person of skill in the art, reading the reference, would at once envisage 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
8 
the claimed arrangement or combination.” Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll 
Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (internal quotation 
and alterations omitted). 
Petitioner also contends that each claim of the ’033 patent is 
unpatentable as obvious under § 103(a). The Supreme Court in KSR 
International Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398 (2007), reaffirmed the 
framework for determining obviousness set forth in Graham v. John Deere 
Co., 383 U.S. 1 (1966). The KSR Court summarized the four factual 
inquiries set forth in Graham (383 U.S. at 17–18) that are applied in 
determining whether a claim is unpatentable as obvious under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 103 as follows: (1) determining the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) ascertaining the differences between the prior art and the claims at issue; 
(3) resolving the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) considering 
objective evidence indicating obviousness or non-obviousness, if present. 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 406. 
“[W]hen a patent ‘simply arranges old elements with each performing 
the same function it had been known to perform’ and yields no more than 
one would expect from such an arrangement, the combination is obvious.” 
Id. at 417 (quoting Sakraida v. Ag Pro, Inc., 425 U.S. 273, 282 (1976)). But 
in analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it can 
also be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” Id. at 418. 
“[I]n considering the disclosure of a reference, it is proper to take into 
account not only specific teachings of the reference but also the inferences 
which one skilled in the art would reasonably be expected to draw 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
9 
therefrom.” In re Preda, 401 F.2d 825, 826 (CCPA 1968). Moreover, a 
precise teaching directed to the specific subject matter of a challenged claim 
is not necessary to establish obviousness. KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. Rather, “any 
need or problem known in the field of endeavor at the time of invention and 
addressed by the patent can provide a reason for combining the elements in 
the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. Accordingly, a party that petitions the 
Board for a determination of unpatentability based on obviousness must 
show that “a skilled artisan would have been motivated to combine the 
teachings of the prior art references to achieve the claimed invention, and 
that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so.” In re Magnum Oil Tools International, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1381 
(Fed. Cir. 2016) (quoting Intelligent Bio – Sys., Inc. v. Illumina Cambridge, 
Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1367–68 (Fed. Cir. 2016)). 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In our Institution Decision, we provisionally adopted Petitioner’s 
definition of a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) as having: 
1) an advanced degree (such as an M.D. or the equivalent of a 
Ph.D. in a life or physical sciences, engineering, or mathematics 
discipline) . . . 
2) an understanding of various sequencing and next generation 
sequencing methods, sample preparation methods, targeted 
enrichment methods, bioinformatics methods for interpreting 
sequencing data, and methods for identifying genetic variants in 
a sample . . . . 
3) an understanding of clinical applications of sequencing 
technology to conditions associated with nucleic acid variation, 
such as cancer, non-invasive prenatal testing, and transplant 
rejection . . . [and] 
4) an understanding of cancer biology as it relates to mutations 
associated with tumor diagnosis, progression, and treatment, as 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
10 
well as awareness of the various types of mutations that can 
occur in and influence the course of a patient’s cancer. 
DI, 13–14 (citing, e.g., Pet. 6; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 25–38). 
Patent Owner has not subsequently challenged the above definition. 
See Ex. 2031 ¶ 48 (Dr. Furneaux applying the above definition). For the 
reasons set forth in our Institution Decision, and because Petitioner’s 
proposed level is commensurate with the level of skill reflected in the prior 
art of record, we apply the same definition here. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 
261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001); In re GPAC Inc., 57 F.3d 1573, 1579 
(Fed. Cir. 1995); In re Oelrich, 579 F.2d 86, 91 (CCPA 1978). 
C. Claim Construction 
“Only when a claim is properly understood can a determination be 
made . . . whether the prior art anticipates and/or renders obvious the 
claimed invention.” Amazon.com, Inc. v. Barnesandnoble.com, Inc., 239 
F.3d 1343, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2001). In this proceeding, we interpret a claim 
“using the same claim construction standard that would be used to construe 
the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) 
(2020). Under this standard, we construe the claim “in accordance with the 
ordinary and customary meaning of such claim as understood by one of 
ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution history pertaining to the patent.” 
Id. Furthermore, we need only construe claim language that is in 
controversy, and only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy. 
Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 
1999); see also Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 
868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (applying Vivid Techs. in the context 
of an AIA trial proceeding). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
11 
In this respect, Petitioner raises the issue of whether the preamble to 
claim 1 is limiting, proposes a construction for the term “polymorphism,” as 
used in claim step 1(a), and argues that the “biomedical report” of claim 2 is 
directed to printed matter not entitled to patentable weight. See Pet. 18–19, 
29, 53–54. Because these terms are not in dispute, we decline to address 
them here. We address below the sole disputed claim term in this IPR—
“capture probes.” 
Claim step 1(b) involves “generating a second subset of nucleic acid 
molecules . . . by contacting said second nucleic acid sample with a plurality 
of capture probes, wherein said plurality of capture probes hybridize to one 
or more polymorphisms.” According to Patent Owner, “Foresight’s entire 
challenge to the ’033 patent hinges on a POSA conflating Forshew’s PCR 
primers with the claimed capture probes.’” POR 66; see also Tr. 19:19 (“[a] 
central dispute is the construction of capture probes”). 
Patent Owner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood “capture probes” to mean “a nucleic acid sequence that 
hybridizes to target DNA, either in solution or on a solid support, so that one 
can physically capture and isolate the target DNA.” See generally POR 54–
66; Sur-reply 10–16. Applying its preferred construction, Patent Owner 
argues that “A POSA would not have considered Forshew’s PCR primers to 
be ‘capture probes’ because Forshew’s PCR primers do not hybridize to 
target DNA so that one can physically capture the target DNA.” POR 66. 
For the purpose of institution, we found it sufficient to provisionally 
adopt Petitioner’s proposed definition of “capture probes” as encompassing 
at least, “PCR primer capture probes and solution-based hybridization 
capture probes (e.g., biotinylated oligonucleotide baits).” See DI 18–24. For 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
12 
the reasons set forth in our Institution Decision, and as further addressed 
below, we apply that definition here—albeit with a minor modification in 
wording. In particular, we credit Patent Owner’s argument that the phrase 
“PCR primer capture probe” is not a recognized term of art and its use in our 
construction “would improperly inject ambiguity into the claim.” POR 58–
59 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2018, 166:10–169:1, 171:16–175:2; Liquid Dynamics 
Corp. v. Vaughan Co., 355 F.3d 1361, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). Although we 
recognize Petitioner’s use of “PCR primer capture probe” as a shorthand for 
its position that, as read in light of the Specification, PCR primers are a 
species of, and/or indistinguishable from, the genus of capture probes, Patent 
Owner’s point is well taken. Accordingly, we clarify the meaning of 
“capture probes,” as used in the instant Specification, to encompass PCR 
primers and solution-based hybridization capture probes (e.g., biotinylated 
oligonucleotide baits). We do not view this modification as altering the 
substance of our provisional construction or the analysis in our Institution 
Decision. 
In considering how one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood “capture probes” in the context of the ’033 patent, we look first 
to the Specification—“the single best guide to the meaning of a disputed 
term.” In re Abbott Diabetes Care Inc., 696 F.3d 1142, 1149 (Fed. Cir. 
2012) (quoting Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1315 (Fed. Cir. 2005) 
(en banc)). The ’033 patent’s Specification provides no express definition of 
“capture probes,” but does, as Patent Owner points out, “describe[] several 
features of capture probes.” See POR, 56; see also, Tr. 20:1–21:19, 28:3–9 
(“[O]ur specification does not provide a definition. It provides some 
description, but not a complete description”). 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
13 
First, with respect to structure, the ’033 patent teaches that, “capture 
probes may comprise one or more nucleotides . . . or 1000 or more 
nucleotides.” Ex. 1001, 31:35–43 (emphasis added); id. at 41:33–34 (“The 
capture probes . . . may comprise one or more nucleotides.”) In other words, 
capture probes within the scope of the ’033 patent encompasses a nucleic 
acid range from a single nucleic acid to one of arguably infinite length.6 
The Specification further discloses that a capture probe may 
optionally comprise one or more linkers and/or one or more labels. Ex. 1001, 
31:4–12 (“The capture probe may further comprise one or more linkers. The 
capture probes may further comprise one or more labels. The one or more 
linkers may attach the one or more labels to the nucleic acid binding site.”). 
According to the Specification, the optional linker and/or label component of 
a capture probe encompasses a wide range of suitable materials: 
Examples of linkers include, but are not limited to, 
hydrazone, disulfide, thioether, and peptide linkers. The linker 
may be a peptide linker. The peptide linker may comprise a 
proline residue. The peptide linker may comprise an arginine, 
phenylal[a]nine, threonine, glutamine, glutamate, or any 
combination thereof. The linker may be a heterobifunctional 
crosslinker. 
Id. at 43:5–11; see also id. at 42:49–51 (“Suitable linkers comprise 
any chemical or biological compound capable of attaching to a label, 
primer, and/or capture probe disclosed herein.)” 
With respect to “label” (interchangeable with “detectable 
label”), the Specification further teaches that these term’s “generally 
 
6 Patent Owner agrees that the Specification encompasses capture probes 
having a length of one nucleotide. POR 62 (citing Ex. 2031 ¶ 69; Ex. 2027 
(Gellert et al., “Helix Formation by Guanylic Acid,” 48 Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. 
2013–2018 (1962)). 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
14 
refer() to any chemical moiety attached to a nucleotide.” Id. at 14:22–
29. More particularly, 
labels include, but are not limited to, detectable labels, such as 
radioisotopes, fluorophores, chemiluminophores, chromophore, 
lumiphore, enzymes, colloidal particles, and fluorescent 
microparticles, quantum dots, as well as antigens, antibodies, 
haptens, avidin/streptavidin, biotin, haptens, enzymes 
cofactors/substrates, one or more members of a quenching 
system, a chromogens, haptens, a magnetic particles, materials 
exhibiting nonlinear optics, semiconductor nanocrystals, metal 
nanoparticles, enzymes, aptamers, and one or more members of 
a binding pair. 
Id. at 23:23–36. The Specification further discloses that at least some linker 
molecules may also be labels. See also id. at 14:29–42 (further exemplifying 
labels as including “linker molecules” such as “biotin, avidin, streptavidin, 
HRP, protein A, protein G, antibodies or fragments thereof”). Illustrating the 
breadth of this term, the Specification “envision[s] that a change in mass 
may be considered a detectable label.” Id. at 14:42–47. 
The Specification also refers to bead-bound nucleic acid molecules 
“associated with a nucleic acid molecule.” Id. at 14:18–19; 56–58. 
Relatedly, the Specification teaches that “one or more subsets of nucleic acid 
molecules may be produced by contacting a nucleic acid sample with one or 
more beads, capture probes, labels, or a combination thereof.” Id. at 32:12–
15. “The capture probes, primers, labels, and/or beads may comprise one or 
more nucleotides. The one or more nucleotides may comprise RNA, DNA, a 
mix of DNA and RNA residues or their modified analogs such as 2'-OMe, or 
2'-fluoro (2'-F), locked nucleic acid (LNA), or abasic sites.” Id. at 41:32–37 
(emphasis added). As such, the Specification instructs that the structure of 
capture probes (as well as primers, labels, and/or beads) encompasses a 
nucleic acid of any length, with or without the addition of other adducts—

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
15 
which, themselves, may comprise a single nucleotide and/or a vast array of 
other entities. 
Second, the Specification teaches that capture probes may also 
possess the functional attributes of binding or hybridization. Consistent with 
the plain language of step 1(a), “wherein said plurality of capture probes 
hybridize to a plurality of polymorphisms,” the Specification teaches that 
“[t]ypically, the capture probe comprises a nucleic acid binding site” and 
“may comprise a nucleic acid binding site that hybridizes to at least a portion 
of the one or more nucleic acid molecules or variant or derivative thereof in 
the sample or subset of nucleic acid molecules.” Id. at 31:7–8, 24–27. 
According to the Specification, “a capture probe hybridized nucleic acid 
refers [to] a capture probe associated with a nucleic acid molecule. The 
capture probe and the nucleic acid are in contact with each other.” Id. at 
7:57–64, 14:48–59; see also id. at 22:65–23:9 (discussing genomic 
features/regions that may be hybridized by capture probes). 
The Specification discloses that, “[c]apture probes may hybridize to 
one or more genomic regions” (id. at 22:65–23:1 (emphasis added)), but 
does not expressly define the size of a nucleic acid binding site, nor the size 
of a genomic region that needs to hybridize with the capture probe, nor 
binding conditions, nor any particular binding affinity for the capture probe.7 
All that is required functionally, is that the capture probe “hybridizes to at 
 
7 Given that the Specification teaches that a capture probe may be as short as 
one nucleotide, we might infer that the minimum size of its binding site and 
hybridized genomic region is also one nucleotide. See Ex. 1001, 31:35–43, 
41:33–34; see also POR 62 (Patent Owner’s argument that “[t]he 
specification correctly includes capture probes having a length of one 
nucleotide because there are instances where a single nucleotide can 
function as a capture probe”). 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
16 
least a portion of the one or more nucleic acid molecules or variant or 
derivative thereof in the sample or subset of nucleic acid molecules.” Id. at 
31:25–27. 
In short, all the Specification requires of capture probe function is that 
it hybridize to one or more nucleic acids. And as articulated at the institution 
stage, “[u]nder some (unspecified) conditions, and at some (unspecified) 
binding affinity, a single nucleic acid would be expected to hybridize with 
its complement and thereby meet the “capture probe” limitation as set out in 
the ’033 patent Specification.” DI, 44 (Jenks J., concurring). 
In provisionally adopting Petitioner’s proposed definition in our 
Institution Decision, we first addressed Patent Owner’s contention that the 
’033 patent “refers to capture probes and primers as separate and 
distinguishable from one another.” See DI 21–22; Prelim. Resp. 20–21 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 1001, 23:23–36; 32:56–60, 41:33–36). Considering the 
cited passages and, moreover, the entirety of the Specification, we were 
unable to discern any teaching as to how capture probes and primers might 
be “separate and distinguishable from one another,” as Patent Owner 
contends. Id. at 22. We noted, in particular, that 
the Specification evinces no physical characteristics 
differentiating capture probes from primers. Both comprise 
from as few as “one or more nucleotides” to “1000 or more 
nucleotides” (Ex. 1001, 31:35–53, 40:28–54); both include 
nucleotides “compris[ing] RNA, DNA, a mix of DNA and 
RNA . . . modified analogs . . . locked nucleic acid (LNA), or 
abasic sites” (41:32–36); both may—or may not—comprise a 
detectable label (id. at 14:22–47, 23:23–36, 31:54–32:5, 40:29–
35, 41:38–42:3); and both may—or may not—comprise a linker 
(id. at 31:8–9, 31:54–67, 40:29–31, 41:15–26, 42:49–43:11), 
wherein said linker can also be a detectable label (id. at 14:36–
42). 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
17 
DI 21–22. 
With respect to function, we reasoned that because the Specification 
provides no physical difference between capture probes and primers “it 
would appear that the same polynucleotide could be employed as an 
amplification primer and a capture probe.” Id. at 22 (citing Prelim. Resp. 
21). We likewise agreed with Petitioner that “none of the cited passages [by 
Patent Owner] describe ‘primers’ and ‘capture probes’ as mutually exclusive 
or precludes a similarly structured nucleic acid from performing each 
function.” Id. at 19; see also Reply 14 (citing POR 58, Ex. 1001, 23:23–26; 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 40). 
We also noted Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that dependent claim 
10’s requirement that “capture probes further comprise barcodes,” typically 
indicated the use of PCR primers, but not hybrid capture baits. DI 19–20 
(citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 102–103). And although Patent Owner responds that 
“barcodes can also be used on capture probes” (POR 63 (citing Ex. 2031 
¶ 70; Ex. 2028, 251)), this is not quite on point as Dr. Quackenbush and 
Mr. West subsequently confirmed that, while the use of barcoded PCR 
primers are well known, where bar codes are used in the context of 
biotinylated oligonucleotide bait systems, the barcodes are not part of the 
capture probes, rather, the barcodes are “part of the [captured DNA] 
molecule that’s being sequenced.” Ex. 1222, 167:20–170:4; Ex. 1225 ¶ 41. 
As noted above, Patent Owner contends that its proffered definition of 
“capture probes” as meaning “a nucleic acid sequence that hybridizes to 
target DNA, either in solution or on a solid support, so that one can 
physically capture and isolate the target DNA,” excludes PCR primers, such 
as those employed by Forshew. See generally POR 55–67; Sur-reply 10–16. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
18 
In support of its construction, Patent Owner points first to the intrinsic 
record. Patent Owner argues that the Specification “treats capture probes and 
PCR primers as different types of nucleic acids,” that it separately describes 
the two terms, and, for some embodiments, “describe[s] the use of capture 
probes as a separate and distinct step from using PCR primers.” POR 58 
(citing Ex. 1001, 31:4–32:5, 40:29–41:36, 23:23–26, 32:56–60, 64:29–43, 
65:38–50, 66:53–67). Patent Owner made much the same argument prior to 
institution, but again, does not adequately describe any physical difference 
between the capture probes and PCR primers in its citations, nor persuade us 
that these entities, so defined in the Specification, are not functionally 
interchangeable. See DI 22 (concluding that “reading the Specification, it 
would appear that the same polynucleotide could be employed as an 
amplification primer and a capture probe in Patent Owner’s referenced 
embodiment(s)”). 
Patent Owner further argues that during the prosecution history of the 
’033 and ’394 patents, the Examiner8 agreed “that ‘pulldown probes’ are not 
PCR primers” and, in conducting prior art searches, the Examiner used the 
terms “capture” and “pull-down” synonymously, without including 
“primers” or “PCR” as search terms. POR 59 (citing Ex. 2004, 14, 17, 25; 
Ex. 2005, 19, 24, 31; Ex. 2024, 3–8, Ex. 2025, 3–25). But as previously 
noted, when the Examiner agreed that “pulldown probes” are not PCR 
primers, “the cited applications involved the claim limitation ‘pulldown 
probe,’ and claims reciting ‘capture probe’ were not before the Office.” DI 
22–23 (“Although the cited interchange does not involve the claim term 
 
8 Primary Examiner Kaijiang Zhang was the examiner of record in both the 
’033 and ’394 patents. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
19 
“capture probe,” it shows the Examiner understood that ‘probes’ 
encompassed ‘amplification primers’.”). As such, Patent Owner’s argument 
remains unavailing. 
As to Patent Owner’s assertion that the Examiner did not include 
“PCR” or “primers” in conducting prior art searches—but did apply 
“capture” and “pull-down” as synonyms—we note that the Examiner’s 
arguably synonymous search terms further encompassed “enrichment.” See 
Ex. 2024, 3–8 (“(enrich$5 captur$5 pull-down pulldown)”); Ex. 2025, 3–25 
(same). As Patent Owner admits, the prior art recognized PCR as an 
enrichment technique. See, e.g., POR 61 (citing Ex. 1006, 375), 63–64 
(citing Ex. 1006, 378–80), 65–66 (“[A] POSA would understand that capture 
probes and PCR primers are different enrichment techniques”). As such, it 
would be reasonable to infer that the Examiner understood the search 
parameters to encompass PCR and PCR primers. Moreover, even if the 
Examiner had focused solely on the smaller genus of pull-down probes, this 
would still read on a claim more broadly reciting “capture probes,” properly 
construed. In any event, Patent Owner’s argument does not overcome the 
clear evidence in the Specification that the inventors chose to so broadly 
describe capture probes and PCR primers as to render the terms 
interchangeable. At a minimum, we find no persuasive evidence in the 
Specification or cited prosecution history that the scope of the term “capture 
probes” necessarily excludes PCR primers. 
We also find persuasive Petitioner’s evidence that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would not have understood “capture probes” as synonymous 
with “pulldown probes.” See Reply 14–15. In this respect, Mr. West and 
Dr. Quackenbush agree that a “pulldown probe” refers to a biotinylated 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
20 
oligonucleotide bait used in a “pulldown assay,” wherein the interaction 
between biotin and streptavidin attached to, e.g., a magnetic bead, “pulls 
down” or precipitates a molecule of interest. See Ex. 1222, 83:18–85:22; 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 39, 48. Patent Owner’s expert, however, testified that “capture 
probes” was a broader term, encompassing at least array-based hybrid 
capture, solution-based hybrid capture, guanine nucleotide––as taught by 
Gellert (Ex. 2027), Southern blot probes, and the zip-code PCR/ligase micro 
detection array probes taught by Gerry.9 See Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 65–70. Moreover, 
focusing on the intrinsic evidence, Petitioner notes: 
The specification is explicit that [biotin and streptavidin] are 
considered “linkers” or “labels,” Ex1001, 14:22-46, 23:23-36, 
31:7-12, which are optional and not necessary components of 
“capture probes.” Thus, molecules that include a nucleic acid 
binding site but lack any type of label – such as PCR primers – 
must fall within the scope of a “capture probe” as set forth in 
the Specification. 
Reply 14–15 (further citing Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 38–39). We also note 
Dr. Quackenbush’s reasoning that 
[t]he specification is explicit that biotin and streptavidin are 
considered “linkers” or “labels,” ’394 patent, 14:22–46, 23:23–
36, which are optional and not necessary components of 
“capture probes.” Thus, molecules that include a nucleic acid 
binding site but lack any type of additional chemical moiety 
(label or linker) such as biotin, must fall within the scope of a 
‘capture probe’ as set forth in the Specification. This includes 
PCR primers, which are nucleic acids that hybridize to a target 
(i.e., contain a nucleic acid binding site), but which do not 
necessarily comprise linkers and/or labels. 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 39. 
 
9 Gerry et al., Universal DNA Microarray Method for Multiplex Detection of 
Low Abundance Point Mutations,” 292 J. Mol. Biol., 251–262 (1999). (Ex. 
2028). 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
21 
 
Although the issued claims of the ’033 patent recite “capture probes” 
rather than the “pull-down probes” limitation sought earlier in prosecution 
(see DI 29 (discussing Ex. 1078, 3; 2004, 17)), Patent Owner’s proposed 
construction requires that “capture probes” “physically capture and isolate 
the target DNA” (POR 56), and “exclusively . . . refer to hybridization 
capture” (Sur-reply 10). This construction is contrary to the Specification for 
the reasons set forth in paragraphs 43–51 of Dr. Quackenbush’s Second 
Declaration (Ex. 1225), which we adopt, and as further set forth below. In 
short, while the scope of “capture probe” set forth in the Specification 
clearly encompasses a biotinylated oligonucleotide bait and a magnetic bead 
system, which we agree may be used to physically capture and isolate a 
target DNA, Patent Owner chose not to describe or claim its invention so 
narrowly.10 To the contrary, the Specification discloses that the claimed 
“capture probes” may instead comprise a vast assortment of “linkers” and 
“labels” that suggest neither physical capture nor isolation of a nucleic acid, 
including nucleotides, radioisotopes, fluorophores, chemiluminophores, 
chromophores, electron donors/acceptors, dyes, spin labels, and even mere 
“change(s) in mass” detectable by surface plasmon resonance. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1001, 14:22–47, 31:4–12, 41:32–42:37, 42:49–51 (“Suitable linkers 
comprise any chemical or biological compound capable of attaching to a 
label, primer, and/or capture probe disclosed herein.)”). Consistent with the 
 
10 Patent Owner cites TIP Systems for the proposition that “the claims of the 
patent need not encompass all disclosed embodiments. Our precedent is 
replete with examples of subject matter that is included in the specification, 
but is not claimed.” POR 60 (citing TIP Systems, LLC v. Phillips & 
Brooks/Gladwin Inc., 529 F.3d 1364, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2008)). But the present 
case represents the converse—where, the claims do not limit the scope of a 
term so broadly described in the Specification. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
22 
lack of any requirement for either physical capture or isolation, or indeed, 
“target DNA,” Petitioner correctly points out that the relevant limitations of 
claim element 1(b) require only “contacting” a nucleic acid sample with a 
capture probe, whereas the Specification teaches that any subsequent 
“separation” is a distinct “alternative[] or additional[]” step. See Reply 15–
16 (citing Ex. 1001, 32:12–18, 26–33, 37:5–8; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 42–47). As 
further discussed below, we read neither “capture probes,” nor the structure 
of the asserted claims to require a physical isolation. See Tr. 26:12–22 
(Patent Owner’s counsel arguing that “physical isolation by pullout is 
implicitly required to do the sequencing of . . . limitations 1(b) and 1(c)”); 
see generally id. at 26:12–28:9.11 
 
Turning to extrinsic evidence, Patent Owner argues that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would recognize that PCR requires two primers (a 
primer pair) to amplify DNA, whereas using, e.g., biotinylated 
oligonucleotide baits and a magnetic bead system, “only one capture probe 
is required to physically pulldown a target DNA strand.” POR 60–61 (citing 
Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 72–76; Ex. 2018, 112:18–115:11; Ex. 2031 ¶ 6612). But while 
 
11 Patent Owner contends that “capture probes can be physically separated 
from [solid support] gels by cutting out the strip of nitrocellulose containing 
the captured nucleotides of interest and eluting the captured nucleotides.” 
POR 60 (citing Ex. 2031 ¶65; Ex. 2026). But even if “capture probes” and/or 
the “contacting” and “sequencing” limitations of claim elements 1(b) and 
1(c) were to suggest a separation step, it was well known that PCR products 
could be similarly isolated, which further renders Patent Owner’s argument 
unavailing. See Reply 18–19 (citing Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 84–88; Ex. 2031 ¶ 65; 
Ex. 1223, 159:22–25, 160:22–161:3). 
12 Dr. Furneaux’s assertion that this indicates “physical differences between 
PCR primers and capture probes” is not persuasive insofar as nothing in the 
Specification prohibits a capture probe from comprising a primer or primer 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
23 
the basic methodology of using PCR primers and biotinylated 
oligonucleotide baits are not in dispute, we find nothing in the Specification 
suggesting that a “capture probe” cannot encompass individual PCR primers 
and PCR primer pairs. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 32:12–15 (“[O]ne or more subsets 
of nucleic acid molecules may be produced by contacting a nucleic acid 
sample with one or more beads, capture probes, labels, or a combination 
thereof”) (emphasis added); id. at 41:32–33 (“The capture probes, primers, 
labels, and/or beads may comprise one or more nucleotides.”). Indeed, the 
Specification’s teaching that “[t]he methods disclosed herein may comprise 
1 or more, 2 or more . . . capture probes or capture probe sets. The one or 
more capture probes or capture probe sets may be different, similar, 
identical, or a combination thereof,” indicates that “capture probe” should be 
read to encompass both individual PCR primers (where the one or more 
capture probes are identical), and PCR primer pairs (where the one or more 
capture probes are different). See id. at 31:13–23. 
We are also not persuaded by Dr. Furneaux’ s contention that “capture 
probes are uniquely different from PCR in that capture probes physically 
isolate native DNA.” See Ex. 2031 ¶ 74; see also Tr. 25:24–26:9 (Patent 
Owner’s counsel emphasizing that capture probes must isolate original target 
DNA rather than copies thereof). First, we credit Dr. Quackenbush’s 
testimony that this statement is not correct on its face because “[s]olution-
phase hybridization capture baits are frequently used in experiments where 
the target DNA has been PCR amplified and modified with sequencing 
 
pair. Moreover, claim steps 1(a) and 1(b) refer to a “plurality of capture 
probes,” which encompass one or more primers and/or primer pairs. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
24 
adaptors before capture.” See Ex. 1225 ¶ 50 (citing Ex. 1022, 91; Ex. 203113 
¶ 62). Moreover, as stated by Petitioner, “both PCR primers and solution-
phase baits are used to preserve sequence information and generate enough 
DNA for subsequent sequencing.” Reply 16–17 (citing Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 49–51); 
see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 66–78. 
We further credit Petitioner’s evidence that persons of ordinary skill 
in the art understood PCR as a sequence capture technique. See Reply 17–18 
(citing Ex. 1222, 95:15–18, 97:4–21, 170:21–24, Ex. 1030, 3 (PCR primer 
sets used “to capture the starting molecules present in the template”), 
Ex. 1216 (“The major differences with all the platforms are the way in 
which multiple loci are captured and amplified. Microfluidics, emulsion 
PCR and oligo-probes are the different ‘capture’ mechanisms”); Ex. 1217, 
3–4 (“There are two basic approaches to sequence capture: PCR-based and 
hybridization-based, the latter of which can be done either in solution or on 
the surface of an oligonucleotide microarray.” (further referencing “more 
traditional PCR-based capture”); Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 54–57). 
Relatedly, Patent Owner contends that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would understand that PCR primers have different functions and are 
categorized according to certain “core reaction principle[s].” POR 61–62. 
According to Patent Owner, 
the core reaction principle of capture probes involves 
hybridizing to “targeted regions of interest, either in solution or 
on a solid support, so that one can physically capture and 
isolate the sequences of interest.” Id. In contrast, the core 
reaction principle of PCR primers is “amplification” of targeted 
 
13 Gnirke et al., “Solution hybrid selection with ultra-long oligonucleotides 
for massively parallel targeted sequencing,” 27(2) Nature Biotechnology 
182–189 (2009). Ex. 1005. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
25 
regions by a “polymerase chain reaction (PCR)” that copies 
target regions. Id.; see also id. 376, Fig. 1. 
Id. (further citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 70–75; Ex. 2158, 2650; Ex. 2157, 320, 
Ex. 2157, 320; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 67–68). Patent Owner similarly argues that one 
of ordinary skill in the art would select a particular enrichment procedure 
(e.g., PCR, on-array hybrid capture, in-solution hybrid capture) best suited to 
a particular research project or field of application. See id. at 63–66 (citing, 
e.g., Ex. 1006, 375, 378–80; Ex. 1006, 383, Ex. 1007, 114, Table 1; 
Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 71–74; Sur-reply 15–16. For the reasons set forth in paragraphs 
52 and 53 of Dr. Quackenbush’s Second Declaration, which we adopt, we do 
not find Patent Owner’s argument persuasive. See Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 52–53. In 
short, that a person of ordinary skill in the art would evaluate the pros and 
cons of available enrichment techniques says little about whether PCR 
primers are within the scope of “capture probes” as described in the instant 
Specification. 
 
For the reasons set forth above, and in light of all the evidence of 
record, we construe “capture probes,” as used in the instant Specification, to 
encompass PCR primers and solution-based hybridization capture probes 
(e.g., biotinylated oligonucleotide baits). 
D. Whether Forshew and Chan Qualify as Prior Art 
Petitioner’s challenges are based on Forshew (Ground 1), Forshew in 
combination with Wagle (Ground 2), and Wagle in combination with Chan 
(Ground 3). Petitioner proffers Forshew and Chan, which presumptively 
constitute prior art under 35 U.S.C § 102(a) because they were published on 
May 30, 2012, and October of 2012, respectively, before the January 17, 
2013, filing of the ’828 Provisional Application, upon which the ’033 patent 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
26 
relies for priority. See Pet. 14–16 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 39, 94, 96); POR 5–6; 
Ex. 1001, code (60). 
Patent Owner contends that the Petition fails because either Forshew 
or Chan are necessary for each asserted Ground, yet neither reference 
qualifies as prior art to the ’033 patent. See, e.g., POR 2, 5–54, 69, 77. To 
remove Forshew and Chan as prior art, Patent Owner undertakes the burden 
to show that the claimed invention was conceived before the effective date 
of the reference, followed by reasonably continuous diligence until 
constructive reduction to practice. POR 39–76 (citing, e.g., ATI Techs. ULC 
v. Iancu, 920 F.3d 1362, 1369–70 (Fed. Cir. 2019)); Sur-reply 24. 
“Demonstration of such priority requires documentary support, from which 
factual findings and inferences are drawn, in application of the rules and law 
of conception, reduction to practice, and diligence.” ATI Techs at 1369 
(quoting In re Steed, 802 F.3d 1311, 1316 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). Conception, for 
example, “must be proved by corroborating evidence which shows that the 
inventor disclosed to others his completed thought expressed in such clear 
terms as to enable those skilled in the art to make the invention.” Coleman v. 
Dines, 754 F.2d 353, 359 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (internal quotation marks 
omitted). “The conception analysis necessarily turns on the inventor’s ability 
to describe [the] invention with particularity.” Burroughs Wellcome Co. v. 
Barr Labs., Inc., 40 F.3d 1223, 1228 (Fed. Cir. 1994) (explaining that “[a]n 
idea is definite and permanent when the inventor has a specific, settled idea, 
a particular solution to the problem at hand, not just a general goal or 
research plan he hopes to pursue”). Until the inventor can do so, the inventor 
“cannot prove possession of the complete mental picture of the invention.” 
Id. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
27 
Patent Owner contends that Forshew and Chan do not qualify as prior 
art because “the inventors of the ’033 patent conceived of the claimed 
invention by no later than May 8, 2012 and diligently worked towards its 
reduction to practice via filing the [’828] [P]rovisional [A]pplication on 
January 17, 2013,” which, if established, would mean the claimed invention 
has a priority date of May 8, 2012—prior to the publication of either 
Forshew or Chan. POR 6. 
With respect to conception, Patent Owner asserts that the claimed 
invention was developed through Personalis’ “Accuracy Program.” POR 7. 
Patent Owner relies on Mr. West’s testimony that, “[m]y co-inventors and I 
met many times between November 2011 and May 8, 2012 to discuss ideas 
for the Accuracy Program.” See POR 10–12; Ex. 2032 ¶ 57. In support, 
Mr. West points to an email (with attachments) dated January 6, 2012, as 
indicating that his team was working on ‘“augment[ing] NGS [next-
generation sequencing] with other technologies to determine key variants,’ 
and ‘conduct[ing] follow-up genetic & non-genetic testing to validate 
results.’” Ex. 2032 ¶¶ 57–59 (citing Ex. 2046, 1 (cover email), 3 (“slide 2”), 
10 (“slide 9”), 14 (“slide 13”)). Further referencing Mr. West’s testimony, 
Patent Owner argues that “[o]n January 13, 2012, Mr. West planned to 
supplement whole genome sequencing using hybrid capture ‘oligo-based 
pullouts.’” POR 11 (citing Ex. 2032 ¶¶ 53–56; Ex. 2109, 2 (“Targeted re-
sequencing using array or oligo-based pullout”), 3 (“Exon re-sequencing by 
pullout . . . Additional re-sequencing by pullout, to capture regions outside 
the exons”); Ex. 2102, 2). 
Patent Owner argues that “[o]n April 2, 2012, Mr. West described 
Personalis’ laboratory plans.” Id. (citing Ex. 2036; Ex. 2032 ¶ 61). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
28 
“Inventors met and exchanged ideas for the Accuracy Program on May 3 
and 4, 2012.” Id. (citing Ex. 2037; Ex. 2038; Ex. 2039; Ex. 2040; Ex. 2032 
¶¶ 62–65). And “[o]n May 8, 2012, Mr. West presented his ‘CEO Overview’ 
slides to the Personalis Board of Directors.” Id. at 11–12 (citing, e.g., 
Ex. 2033 ¶¶ 20–26; Ex. 2112). Patent Owner relies on Mr. West’s “CEO 
Overview,” and in particular Slide 5 (reproduced below), as evidence that 
the inventors had conceived of the claimed invention as of May 8, 2012. See 
generally id. at 12–39; Sur-reply 4–9. 
 
According to Patent Owner, Slide 5 “concisely describes the Accuracy 
Program.” Id. at 13 (citing Ex. 2112, 5). 
Petitioner, however, challenges the credibility of Personalis’ invention 
story. See generally Reply 1–2; Tr. 10:19–13:18. As an initial matter, 
Petitioner notes that named co-inventor “ Dr. Bartha started work at 
Personalis on May 1, 2012—just a few days before its latest proffered bound 
for conception.” Reply 3. According to Petitioner, it is “highly implausible 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
29 
that Dr. Bartha participated in conception within just a few days of starting 
at Personalis,” particularly given that “Mr. West’s May 8 Board of 
Director[’]s presentation, which is the basis for Personalis’s ‘no later than’ 
date, was drafted prior to May 8, . . . and Dr. Bartha is not listed as a 
participant at the May 3 and May 4 meetings Mr. West discusses.” Reply 3–
4 (citing Ex. 1222, 51:18–24; Ex. 2038–2040; Ex. 2032 ¶¶ 63–65). 
In response, Patent Owner points to Mr. West’s testimony that upon 
joining Personalis, Dr. Bartha “was immediately tasked with working on the 
Accuracy Program under Mark Pratt.” Sur-reply 4 (citing Ex. 2032 ¶ 34). 
But other than at this high level of generality, Patent Owner provides no 
evidence of what tasks Dr. Bartha undertook or how Dr. Bartha allegedly 
contributed to any claim of the challenged patent.14 
Also pertinent to credibility, Patent Owner’s reliance on the May 8, 
2012 “CEO Overview” is somewhat at odds with Mr. West’s implication 
that conception was at least substantially complete more than a month before 
Dr. Bartha’s start date. In particular, Mr. West testified that 
all the pieces that came together to form the basis for the ’033 
and ’394 patent, probably the last of those elements to come 
together was from a paper that was -- I believe it’s an exhibit 
here – that was published by Mike Snyder’s group at Stanford. 
 
14 With respect to Petitioner’s related argument that co-inventor Luo was not 
hired until June 18, 2012, Patent Owner argues that Ms. Luo is only an 
inventor with respect to the “variable length tandem repeat” aspect of 
dependent claim 4. Reply 2–3; Sur-reply 4–5; Tr. 10:24–11:7, 12:3–11, 
29:2–30:4. Although we recognize Petitioner’s argument that Ms. Luo only 
contributed to reduction to practice of claim 4, not conception, because 
Patent Owner’s antedation proofs address only the May 8, 2012 conception 
date for independent claim 1, for the purpose of this Opinion, it is sufficient 
that we apply our conclusion regarding the lack of conception of claim 1 to 
claim 4 and the other dependent claims. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
30 
The publication came out in March of 2012, and our group had 
seen a preview copy of it at least a month earlier. We worked 
very closely with Mike since he was a cofounder of the 
company. 
Ex. 1222, 48:19–49:3. And although Mr. West later stated that “the last of 
the elements that, then, came together in the material that we presented to 
our board on May 8th,” the record does not explain what “last of the 
elements” pertinent to conception were added in the CEO Overview, nor 
what contribution Dr. Bartha made to the claimed invention. See id. at 
49:12–14. 
Relying on the testimony of Dr. Quackenbush, Petitioner next 
contends that the Accuracy Program cited as the basis for Personalis’ 
conception, was not a program to develop a minimum residual disease test 
such as the NeXT Personal MRD assay Patent Owner asserts is covered by 
the claims, but “a program to improve sequencing accuracy.” Reply 4–5 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 116–125); POR 80. “Hence,” Petitioner contends, 
“Personalis’s first product – prototypes of which the patent expressly states 
were the source of its data – was its Exome Plus/Ace Exome product, 
released in February 2013,” whereas “Personalis’s NeXT Personal MRD 
diagnostic test was not launched until 2021,” nine years after Mr. West’s 
2012 presentation. Reply 4–5 (citing Ex 2032 ¶38; Ex. 1001, 74:60-64); 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 119. While not dispositive, this testimony supports Petitioner’s 
contention that work related to the Accuracy Program was not directed to 
conception of the invention claimed in the ’033 patent. 
Further supporting Petitioner’s contention that Patent Owner’s 
documents do not evidence conception of the claimed invention, 
Dr. Quackenbush credibly testifies that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
understand references in Exhibit 2046 to, for example, “characteriz[ing] 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
31 
errors” and performing “whole genome sequencing” on the “same person 
twice,” and “Pullout” in Slide 5, as well as “Repeatability,” and “Same 
person twice (or more?), trying to keep everything else constant,” as directed 
to improving sequencing accuracy rather than to a program to develop a 
diagnostic assay relating to the inventions described in the challenged 
method claims. See Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 119–125); Reply 4–5. 
In contrast, Dr. Furneaux offers no independent opinion on how one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have understood Patent Owner’s prior 
conception evidence, or whether either Forshew or Chan is prior art. See Ex. 
2031 ¶¶ 190, 203, 220. On balance, Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony weighs 
against a finding that Patent Owner’s evidence demonstrates a conception of 
the invention claimed. 
Noting that Patent Owner’s conception proofs “rel[y] exclusively on 
Ex2112, slide 5 for the ‘plurality of capture probes’ limitation of step 1(a),” 
Petitioner contends that its “bare reference to ‘pullout’” suggests at most, 
“that by May 2012, Mr. West contemplated that a particular type of capture 
probe would be among many other ‘lab solutions’ for addressing accuracy.” 
Reply 7–8; see Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 123–126. In this respect we note Mr. West’s 
testimony that he understood “pullout” in Slide 5, as a reference to Agilent 
SureSelect biotinylated probe system. See Ex. 1222, 83:8–85:22, 88:7–16. 
We, nevertheless, find persuasive Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that “a 
POSA reviewing Slide 5 in light of the overall record on conception would 
have insufficient information to determine how, specifically, Personalis 
intended to use the ‘Pullout,’ other than that their purpose was to provide a 
laboratory solution to improve the accuracy of 2012 sequencing technology 
in some way.” Ex. 1225 ¶ 125. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
32 
Considering the evidence of record, we credit Dr. Quackenbush’s 
testimony that a person of ordinary skill in the art reading Personalis’ 
conception exhibits, including Exhibit 2112, “would have found, at most, an 
incipient research project for improving the accuracy of sequencing 
technology that would involve the use of an undefined combination of 
various conventional techniques.” Ex. 1225 ¶ 128. In addition to Dr. 
Quackenbush’s testimony as to claim steps involving capture probes 
(elements 1(a)–1(c)), we further find persuasive his testimony that Patent 
Owner provides no corroboration of the conception of steps 1(d)–1(f), which 
require assaying samples obtained from the same individual obtained at 
different time points. See id. ¶¶ 120–121, 126–127; Reply 9–10; Sur-Reply 
6–8 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2032 ¶¶ 91–134; Ex. 2109; Ex. 2112; Ex. 2036). In 
sum, we find that Personalis’ exhibits and related testimony do not evidence 
sufficient conception of the invention set forth in the challenged claims. See, 
e.g., Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 120–128 (Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony about missing 
aspects of the claims in Patent Owner’s proofs, such that the “completed 
thought” is not shown).15 
Considering the above, we find that Patent Owner has not satisfied the 
burden of establishing that its claimed invention is entitled to a priority date 
that precedes either of the respective publication dates of Forshew and Chan. 
Accordingly, Forshew and Chan qualify as prior art to the ’033 patent. 
 
 
15 For the purpose of this Decision, we need not address Petitioner’s further 
contention that the filing of the ’828 Provisional Application does not 
qualify as a constructive reduction to practice of the challenged claims. See 
Reply 13; Sur-reply 9. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
33 
E. Ground 1: Anticipation by Forshew 
As to Ground 1, Petitioner challenges claims 1–7 and 10–23 as 
anticipated by Forshew. Pet. 11, 24–46. Petitioner provides an element-by-
element comparison of the claims to the cited art. Id. at 29–46; Reply 13–20; 
Resp. 1–3; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 107–172; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 101–103. 
Patent Owner opposes. See POR 54–68; Sur-reply 10–16; Ex. 2007 
¶¶ 12–35; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 189–200. We address with particularity only those 
elements raised by Patent Owner, finding the remaining elements supported 
by Petitioner’s unrebutted arguments and evidence. We begin with an 
overview of the asserted reference. 
1. Overview of Forshew (Exhibits 1030, 1032) 
Forshew employs tagged-amplicon deep sequencing (TAm-Seq) for 
the detection and monitoring of cancer-associated alleles circulating in 
patient plasma samples. Ex. 1020, 1. According to Forshew, the TAm-Seq 
approach “allows amplification and deep sequencing of genomic regions 
spanning thousands of bases from as little as individual copies of fragmented 
DNA,” which “allowed us to monitor changes in tumor burden by sampling 
only patient plasma over time.” Id. at 1–2; see also id. at Figs. 4B–D 
(graphics illustrating monitoring frequency of mutant DNA in cancer 
patients over time). 
To amplify and sequence fragmented cell-free DNA in patient plasma 
samples, Forshew used the Primer3 program16 to “design[] primers to 
 
16 It is undisputed that Primer3 “was and continues to be a widely-used open 
source program that can pick PCR primer sequences using criteria such as 
oligonucleotide melting temperature, size, GC content, primer-dimer 
possibilities, PCR product size, and amplifying the wrong sequence.” 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
34 
generate amplicons that tile regions of interest in short segments of about 
150 to 200 bases” for cancer-related genes including TP53, EGFR, BRAF, 
and KRAS. Id. at 2, Ex. 1032, 2. Forshew illustrates the generation of 
amplicons for a targeted genomic region in Figure 1B, reproduced below. 
 
 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 109 (citing http://primer3.org; Exhibit 1034 (Untergasser et al., 
“Primer3–new capabilities and interfaces,” 40(15) NAR e115 (2012)). 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
35 
Ex. 1030, Fig. 1B. Figure 1B shows a multi-step PCR amplification 
process including the addition of barcodes and sequencing adaptors, wherein 
amplified, barcoded PCR products are pooled and sequenced. See id. at 
legend. Red stars in some amplicons indicate the presence of mutations. Id. 
Amplicon sequences are compared and aligned based on partial overlaps, as 
shown in Figure 1A, reproduced below. 
 
Ex. 1030, Fig. 1A. Figure 1A shows the location of eight overlapping 
amplicon “tiles” spanning a 650 base pair region of the TP53 gene, which 
includes exons 5 and 6. See id. at legend. Arrowheads within tiles indicate 
direction of sequencing read. Id. 
Forshew discloses that, for the TAm-Seq studies, 
We designed a set of 48 primer pairs to amplify 5995 bases of 
genomic sequence covering coding regions (exons and exon 
junctions) of TP53 and PTEN, and selected regions in EGFR, 
BRAF, KRAS, and PIK3CA (table S1) by overlapping short 
amplicons (Fig. 1A). The sequenced regions cover mutations 
that account for 38% of all point mutations in the COSMIC 
database (v55).17 
 
17 It is undisputed that, “COSMIC (Catalogue of Somatic Mutations in 
Cancer), was and continues to be a leading and comprehensive expert-
curated database of somatic mutations in human cancers.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 111 
(citing https://cancer.sanger.ac.uk/cosmic; Ex. 1035 (Forbes et al, 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
36 
 
 Id. at 3. According to Forshew, the resulting data was used to “identif[y] 
mutations throughout the tumor suppressor gene TP53 in circulating DNA 
from 46 plasma samples of advanced ovarian cancer patients;” 
“noninvasively identify the origin of metastatic relapse in a patient with 
multiple primary tumors;” identify “an EGFR mutation not found in an 
initial ovarian biopsy;” and “monitor tumor dynamics, and track[] 10 
concomitant mutations in plasma of a metastatic breast cancer patient over 
16 months.” Id. at Abstract. 
2. “capture probes” 
Claim step 1(a) involves “producing, with the aid of a computer 
processor, a plurality of capture probes, wherein said plurality of capture 
probes hybridize to a plurality of polymorphisms.” Claim step 1(b) recites 
“contacting said nucleic acid sample with said plurality of capture probes 
produced in (a).” Patent Owner contends that Forshew fails to disclose the 
“capture probes” or “plurality of capture probes” limitations of claim 1 
under its preferred construction. POR 66–67; Sur-reply 10–16. 
In Section II.C. above, we construe “capture probes,” as used in the 
instant Specification, to encompass PCR primers and solution-based 
hybridization capture probes (e.g., biotinylated oligonucleotide baits). 
Accordingly, in disclosing the use of PCR primers, Forshew discloses 
“capture probes,” as would have been understood by one of ordinary skill 
reading the ’033 Specification. See Pet. 29–33 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 117–122; 
Ex. 1030, 2–3). Forshew further satisfies the “plurality of capture probes” 
 
“COSMIC: mining complete cancer genomes in the Catalogue of Somatic 
Mutations in Cancer,” 39 NAR D945-950 (2011)). 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
37 
limitation in disclosing the use of PCR primers for the detection and 
monitoring of cancer-associated alleles. See, e.g, id.; Ex. 1020, 3 (“We 
designed 48 primer pairs to amplify 5995 bases of genomic sequence 
covering coding regions (exons and exon junctions) of TP53 and PTEN, and 
selected regions in EGFR, BRAF, KRAS, and PIK3CA (table S1) by 
overlapping short amplicons (Fig. 1A).”). 
For the reasons set forth above, Petitioner has sufficiently shown that 
Forshew discloses “capture probes” and “a plurality of capture probes,” as 
would have been understood by one of ordinary skill reading the ’033 
Specification. 
3. “conducting a sequencing assay” 
Claim step 1(c) requires “conducting a sequencing assay on a subset 
of nucleic acid molecules generated from said nucleic acid sample in step (b) 
to yield a result comprising a nucleic acid sequence, thereby analyzing said 
nucleic acid sample.” With respect to this step Petitioner and 
Dr. Quackenbush point to, for example, Forshew’s Figure 1B as illustrating 
Forshew’s teaching to “‘pool and sequence’ the amplicons generated from 
the nucleic acid sample in [claim step 1b]. Pet. 33–35; Ex. 2020 ¶ 127. 
According to Patent Owner, “Forshew does not anticipate this step 
because its sequencing assay is conducted on molecules that result from 
PCR amplification—not on molecules captured by contacting the capture 
probes with the nucleic acid sample.” POR 67–68; Sur-reply 16 (similar). 
We do not find Patent Owner’s argument availing for substantially the 
reasons set forth above with respect to claim steps 1(a) and 1(b). Because 
“capture probes,” as used in the ’033 patent encompasses Forshew’s PCR 
primers, we agree with Petitioner that the “pool and sequence” step 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
38 
illustrated in Forshew’s Figure 1B satisfies the “conducting a sequencing 
assay on a subset of nucleic acid molecules generated from said nucleic acid 
sample in step (b) to yield a result comprising a nucleic acid sequence, 
thereby analyzing said nucleic acid sample,” recited in claim step 1(c). 
4. “repeating steps (b)–(c)” 
Claim step 1(d) entails “repeating steps (b)–(c) on a subsequently 
obtained biological sample from said individual.” For this limitation, 
Petitioner points to, for example, Forshew’s Figure 4B, which reports 
“[m]onitoring the frequency of mutant DNA in plasma of an ovarian cancer 
patient (Patient 46) over time using T[A]m-Seq and digital PCR.” Pet. 36 
(citing Ex. 1030, Figs. 4B–C; Ex. 2020 ¶ 131). 
Patent Owner contends that “Forshew does not disclose this step 
because it never conducts steps (b) and (c) to begin with, let alone repeats 
them.” POR 68. We do not find Patent Owner’s argument persuasive. For 
the reasons set forth above, Petitioner has shown sufficiently that Forshew 
discloses claim steps 1(b) and 1(c). And the present record further indicates 
that Forshew discloses examples wherein those steps are repeated on a 
subsequently obtained biological sample from an individual as required by 
claim step 1(d). See Ex. 1030, 2 (stating that the disclosed method “allowed 
us to monitor changes in tumor burden by sampling only patient plasma over 
time,” Figs. 4B–D (graphics illustrating monitoring frequency of mutant 
DNA in cancer patients over time); Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 130–131. 
5. Conclusion as to Ground 1, Claims 1–7 and 10–23 
Considering the record before us, and in light of our construction of 
“capture probes,” we find that Petitioner has shown persuasively that claims 
1–7 and 10–23 are anticipated by Forshew. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
39 
F. Ground 2: Obviousness in View of Forshew and Wagle 
As to Ground 2, Petitioner further challenges claims 1–23 as 
unpatentable for obviousness in view of Forshew, as discussed above, and 
further in view of Wagle. See Pet. 16, 46–51; Reply 22–27; Ex. 1020 
¶¶ 173–190; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 104–107. Patent Owner opposes. See POR 68–76, 
79–83; Sur-reply 16–23; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 201–218. We address with 
particularity only those elements raised by Patent Owner, finding the 
remaining elements supported by Petitioner’s unrebutted arguments and 
evidence. As Forshew is discussed above, we begin with an overview of 
Wagle. 
1. Overview of Wagle (Exhibit 1033) 
Wagle discloses a “a targeted, massively parallel sequencing approach 
to detect tumor genomic alterations in formalin-fixed, paraffin embedded 
(FFPE) tumor samples.” Ex. 1033, 83. Wagle explains that, “hybrid 
selection-based methods that enrich for coding sequences prior to 
sequencing (“exon capture”) are routinely being implemented in discovery-
oriented settings. Here, we describe an adaptation of exon capture and 
massively parallel sequencing for robust detection of somatic genomic 
alterations in FFPE samples.” Id. at 84 (references omitted). 
According to Wagle: 
Massively parallel sequencing libraries (Illumina) that 
contain barcoded universal primers (9) were generated with the 
use of genomic DNA from formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded 
tumor material. After preamplification and DNA quantification, 
equimolar pools were generated consisting of 12 barcoded 
tumor DNAs. These DNA pools were subjected to solution-
phase hybrid capture with biotinylated RNA baits targeting all 
exons from 137 actionable cancer genes. Each hybrid capture 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
40 
reaction was sequenced in a single paired-end lane of an 
Illumina flow cell. 
Id. at 91. 
In particular, Wagle “generated a list of 137 ‘druggable’ or potentially 
actionable genes known to undergo somatic genomic alterations in cancer.” 
Id. at 84. Wagle then used a commercially-available computer program to 
design “7,021 unique biotinylated RNA baits corresponding to these 
genomic regions,” such that “[t]arget loci were covered with a tiling density 
of ×2.” Id. at 84, 91 (“The Agilent SureSelect E-array program was used to 
design 7,021 unique RNA baits corresponding to the coding sequence of the 
137 [cancer-related] genes described above, as well as to the 79 
pharmacogenomic polymorphisms and to 24 SNPs for fingerprinting.”). 
Wagle further discloses that the baits were replicated 8 times on a 55,000-
bait library array. Id. at 91. 
Using this approach, Wagle detected single nucleotide variants, 
insertion/deletions and copy number alterations in a collection of cancer cell 
lines. E.g., Ex. 1033 at 84 (“In total, 102 single-nucleotide variants and 6 
indels (excluding known germline polymorphisms) were detected in coding 
sequences across the 10 cell lines, including all 21 single-nucleotide variants 
and 3 of 4 indels reported for these lines in the Catalogue of Somatic 
Mutations in Cancer database (COSMIC))”; 86 (“Comparison of overall 
copy number values derived by sequencing to those obtained from high 
density single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) array data (Affymetrix SNP 
6.0 platform) demonstrated a robust correlation at the gene level”). 
2. Overview of Petitioner’s Arguments 
With respect to claims 1–7 and 10–23, Petitioner relies on Wagle as 
teaching capture probes, but only to the extent Forshew’s PCR primers were 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
41 
not within the scope of “capture probes” as understood in the context of the 
’033 patent. Pet. 46–49. Further analysis of this position is unnecessary in 
view of our construction of this term and our finding that claims 1–7 and 
10–23 are anticipated by Forshew. See Sections II.C and E, above; Realtime 
Data, LLC. v. Iancu, 912 F.3d 1368, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“It is well 
settled that a disclosure that anticipates under § 102 also renders the claim 
invalid under § 103, for anticipation is the epitome of obviousness.”) 
(internal quotation marks and citations omitted). 
Petitioner also relies on Wagle as disclosing the “hybridization array” 
and “plurality of capture probes . . . conjugated to beads” recited in claims 8 
and 9, respectively. Pet. 49–51. According to Petitioner, Wagle “disclos[es] 
the use of RNA bait hybridization probes in a similar context to Forshew’s 
method.” See id. at 47. As articulated by Dr. Quackenbush, Petitioner 
contends that one of ordinary skill in the art “would have been motivated to 
combine Forshew and Wagle by using Wagle’s solution-phase hybridization 
RNA baits as capture probes, either in place of, or in addition to, Forshew’s 
PCR primer capture probes,” because (1) “a POSA would have considered 
these amplification techniques to be relatively interchangeable;” (2) in light 
of Wagle’s “suggest[ion] that in certain circumstances, PCR-capture based 
techniques may be less optimal (although not ineffective);” and (3) in view 
of Wagle’s proposal to use “its exon capture approach as a related technique 
suitable for the capture portion of the general workflow.” See Ex. 1020 
¶ 182 (footnote omitted). 
In addressing reasonable expectation of success, Dr. Quackenbush 
further testifies that Forshew’s PCR and Wagle’s RNA bait-based 
hybridization “techniques are not mutually exclusive, as a POSA could have 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
42 
been motivated to use hybridization followed by PCR, or vice-versa, in 
certain applications, for example, in some scenarios in order to further enrich 
a target sequence to[]further improve and refine results as compared to 
performing either step alone.” Id. ¶ 184. In support of this position, 
Dr. Quackenbush reproduces Figure 2 of Mamanova18 to illustrate that 
solution-based hybrid capture and PCR were two well-known types of target 
enrichment techniques that could be applied at the choice of the POSA, and 
in some scenarios the techniques were known to have overlapping 
applicability. Ex. 1020 ¶ 184 (citing Ex. 1007). 
 
18Mamanova et al., “Target-enrichment strategies for next-generation 
sequencing,” 7(2) Nature 111–118 (2010). Ex. 1007. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
43 
Mamanova’s Figure 2 is reproduced below. 
 
Ex. 1007, Fig. 2. Figure 2 of Mamanova is a graph, plotting the number of 
genes (x-axis) against the number of samples (y-axis), with both variables in 
Log10 scale, and provides an estimate of “suitability” for different target-
enrichment strategies “from the perspective of the feasibility with which 
each method could be applied to the various combinations of target size and 
sample number, rather than cost.” Id. at legend. Mamanova’s Figure 2 
shows, for example, the suitability of PCR (gray, triangular shading) and on-
array and in-solution hybridization (beige, square shading) as a function of 
number of samples and number of genes to be analyzed. 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
44 
Dr. Quackenbush further testifies that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have reasonably expected to succeed in using Wagle’s 
RNA bait-based probes in place of Forshew’s PCR primer 
capture probes in the capture step. Both techniques essentially 
involve enrichment of targeted sequences using hybridization of 
probes to targets. Wagle’s approach enriches by isolating the 
targets and removing them from non-targeted nucleic acids in 
the sample. Forshew’s approach captures the targets through 
base-pairing hybridization and copies the targets and thereby 
enriches them over non-targeted nucleic acids. 
Id. ¶ 183. 
3. Motivation to Combine 
 
In response, Patent Owner contends that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have had no reason to combine the PCR-based method of Forshew 
with Wagle’s use of hybridization-based biotinylated capture baits. See 
generally POR 68–76, 79–83; Sur-reply 16–23; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 201–162. We 
address those arguments below. 
a) Required Amounts of DNA 
Patent Owner first asserts that the amount of DNA used in Forshew’s 
PCR-based system is incompatible with the use of hybridization-based 
biotinylated baits taught by Wagle. POR 69–72; Sur-reply 20–21. Patent 
Owner contends that Forshew’s PCR-based assay is designed to operate on 
“minute” (0.9–19.7 nanograms) amounts of DNA, equivalent to that present 
in from 30 to 150 microliters of blood plasma. Id. at 69–70 (citing Ex. 2031 
¶¶ 204–207; Ex. 1030, 4–6, Tabs. 1, 2). According to Patent Owner “the 
amount of DNA used in Forshew’s T[A]m-Seq assay is so tiny that three 
rounds of PCR amplification are required to generate sufficient amounts of 
DNA”—15 cycles of “preamplification,” 35 cycles of “single-plex PCR,” 
and 15 cycles of “barcoding PCR.” Id. at 70 (citing Ex. 1030, 2–3, Fig. 1(B); 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
45 
Ex. 1032, 2–3; Ex. 2031 ¶ 207). Patent Owner contrasts the less than 20 
nanogram amounts of plasma DNA used by Forshew with the 3,600 ng of 
tumor-derived DNA used in Wagel’s hybrid selection step as evidence that 
one of ordinary skill in the art “would not have been motivated to replace 
Forshew’s PCR-based amplification with [hybridization-based biotinylated 
baits] with a reasonable expectation of success because [hybridization-based 
biotinylated baits] do not amplify DNA.” Id. at 70. 
We do not find Patent Owner’s argument persuasive for the reasons 
set forth on pages 21–22 of the Reply; see also id. at 23–24 (arguing that 
obviousness does not require a physical combination of the two systems). 
First, Forshew worked with small quantities of DNA because a goal of the 
PCR-based TAm-Seq method was to “sequence large genomic regions from 
even single copies of ctDNA,” and contains no prohibition on starting with 
larger amounts. See Ex. 1030, 1 (editor’s summary); Ex. 1225 ¶ 105. And 
although Forshew tested the TAm-Seq method using DNA equivalent to that 
present in from 30 to 150 microliters of blood plasma, Forshew actually 
collected that blood as multiple one-milliliter (1000 microliter) aliquots. See 
Ex. 1225 ¶ 105 (citing Ex. 1030, 10). We further find that “obtaining 
additional plasma [and, thus, even larger amounts of starting DNA] would 
have involved nothing more than a routine blood draw.” See id. 
We further note that the 3,600 ng of DNA used in Wagel’s 
hybridization step was not native DNA extracted from a single tumor. See 
Ex. 1033, 9 (Methods). Rather, and as explained by Dr. Quackenbush, DNA 
from 12 tumor lines was extracted from paraffin blocks, PCR amplified, and 
pooled before being exposed to Wagel’s hybridization capture probes. 
Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 106–107. In this respect, Wagel states: 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
46 
Massively parallel sequencing libraries (Illumina) that contain 
barcoded universal primers were generated with the use of 
genomic DNA from formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tumor 
material. After preamplification and DNA quantification, 
equimolar pools were generated consisting of 12 barcoded 
tumor DNAs. These DNA pools were subjected to solution-
phase hybrid capture with biotinylated RNA baits targeting all 
exons from 137 actionable cancer genes. Each hybrid capture 
reaction was sequenced . . . . 
Ex. 1033, 91; see also, id. (“DNA libraries were pooled by mixing 300 ng of 
each library”). As such, we understand Wagel’s use of 3,600 ng to be the 
result of attempting to simultaneously survey DNA amplified from twelve 
different tumors and identified by barcodes, and suggests that substantially 
less DNA would be required to analyze DNA from a single tumor as 
embodied by Forshew. See Ex. 1225 ¶ 107. 
In view of the above, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s 
argument that there was no motivation to combine Forshew and Wagel 
because of differences in the amount of DNA used in each method.19 
b) Substituting or Combining PCR with Biotinylated Baits 
Relying on Mamanova, Patent Owner argues that “a POSA would 
have needed to evaluate seven parameters associated with the disadvantages 
of capture probes before discarding the core reaction principle of Forshew’s 
PCR primer-based assay and replacing it with [hybridization-based 
biotinylated baits].” POR 72–73 (citing Ex. 1007, 111, Tab 1; Ex. 2031 
¶¶ 211–213). Patent Owner similarly points to Mertes as evidence that “PCR 
 
19 We also do not find persuasive, Patent Owner’s subsidiary arguments, 
including that Forshew recommends against using Wagel’s capture probes 
for plasma samples, and “criticizes capture probes for being ‘expensive,’” 
for the reasons set forth in Section III.C, pages 22–23, of the Reply, which 
we adopt in full. See POR 71–72, 75–76; Sur-reply 21–22. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
47 
primers and [hybridization-based biotinylated baits] have different 
‘operational characteristics’ that ‘naturally vary in their suitability for 
different fields of application.’” Id. at 73 (citing Ex. 1006, 373, 378). 
Considering the differences in, e.g., specificity, uniformity, reproducibility, 
and sensitivity between the two approaches, as well as “the risks associated 
with modifying Forshew’s already working assay,” Patent Owner contends 
that one of ordinary skill in the art “would not have been motivated to make 
such a drastic change to Forshew’s core reaction principle.” Id. at 73–74; 
Sur–reply 17–19. Patent Owner further argues that Petitioner has failed to 
articulate with particularity how one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
modified Forshew “to include both PCR primers and capture probes.” POR 
74–76; Sur-reply 22–23. 
We do not find Patent Owner’s arguments persuasive for the reasons 
set forth at pages 20–24 of the Reply, which we adopt. We credit, in 
particular, Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that, 
A POSA would have been motivated to combine 
Forshew and Wagle by using Wagle’s solution-phase 
hybridization RNA baits as capture probes, either in place of, or 
in addition to, Forshew’s PCR primer capture probes. By the 
priority date, a POSA would have considered these 
amplification techniques to be relatively interchangeable, as 
discussed in Section V.C.3,[20] which I incorporate by reference 
here. Indeed, Forshew cites Wagle. Ex. 1030 at 11 (citation 35). 
And Wagle suggests that in certain circumstances, PCR-capture 
based techniques may be less optimal (although not 
ineffective), and thus proposes its exon capture approach as a 
related technique suitable for the capture portion of the general 
workflow. 
 
20 Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 68–80. 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
48 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 180 (internal footnote omitted). We further note that to show 
obviousness, Petitioner need not show how to bodily incorporate Wagel’s 
hybridization capture probes into Forshew’s PCR-based method. See In re 
Keller, 642 F.2d 413, 425 (C.C.P.A. 1981). “Rather, the test is what the 
combined teachings of the references would have suggested to those of 
ordinary skill in the art.” Id. In this respect, and in addition to 
Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony, we note that Wagel itself employs PCR 
amplification in combination with hybridization capture probes, which 
weighs in favor of the asserted combination. See Ex. 1033, 91; Ex. 1225 
¶¶ 106–107. Considering all the arguments and evidence of record, we find 
that Petitioner has shown sufficiently that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have been motivated to combine the teachings of Forshew and Wagel 
so as to arrive at the claim invention. 
4. Objective Indicia of Non-Obviousness 
Objective indicia of non-obviousness may include long-felt but 
unsolved need, failure of others, unexpected results, commercial success, 
copying, licensing, industry praise, and expert skepticism. Mintz v. Dietz & 
Watson, Inc., 679 F.3d 1372, 1379 (Fed. Cir. 2012). “[O]bjective indicia 
‘may often be the most probative and cogent evidence of nonobviousness in 
the record,’” and “help turn back the clock and place the claims in the 
context that led to their invention.” Id. at 1378. Evidence of objective indicia 
of non-obviousness “must always when present be considered en route to a 
determination of obviousness.” Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling, 
Inc. v. Maersk Drilling USA, Inc., 699 F.3d 1340, 1349 (Fed. Cir. 2012); see 
also Apple Inc. v. Samsung Elecs. Co., 839 F.3d 1034, 1048 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(en banc). Such evidence, however, does not necessarily control the 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
49 
obviousness conclusion. See, e.g., Pfizer, Inc. v. Apotex, Inc. 480 F.3d 1348, 
1372 (Fed. Cir. 2007). (“Here, the record establishes such a strong case of 
obviousness that Pfizer’s alleged unexpectedly superior results are 
ultimately insufficient.”). 
But objective indicia of non-obviousness are “only relevant to the 
obviousness inquiry ‘if there is a nexus between the claimed invention and 
the [objective indicia of non-obviousness].’” In re Affinity Labs of Tex., 
LLC, 856 F.3d 883, 901 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (quoting Ormco Corp. v. Align 
Tech., Inc., 463 F.3d 1299, 1312 (Fed. Cir. 2006)). For objective indicia of 
non-obviousness to be accorded substantial weight, their proponent must 
establish a nexus between the evidence and the merits of the claimed 
invention. ClassCo, Inc. v. Apple, Inc., 838 F.3d 1214, 1220 (Fed. Cir. 
2016). “[A] patentee is entitled to a rebuttable presumption of nexus 
between the asserted evidence of secondary considerations and a patent 
claim if the patentee shows that the asserted evidence is tied to a specific 
product and that the product ‘is the invention disclosed and claimed.’” Fox 
Factory, Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (quoting 
Demaco Corp. v. F. Von Langsdorff Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 
(Fed. Cir. 1988)). 
Relying on paragraph 228 of Dr. Furneaux’s Declaration (Ex. 2031), 
Patent Owner contends it is “entitled to a presumption of nexus because 
Personalis’ NeXT Personal® assay embodies claim 1 of the ’033 patent.” 
POR 80; see Sur-reply 26. Patent Owner further asserts—without citation or 
elaboration—that “the evidence independently shows a nexus.” POR 80. 
Patent Owner further contends that its Personalis’ NeXT Personal assay has 
“received widespread industry attention and praise due in part to its 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
50 
sensitivity,” as evidenced by its citation as a Top 10 Innovation of 2022 in 
The Scientist, and one-page reports in Precision Online Medicine and 
genomeweb, regarding the adoption of Personalis’ NeXT Personal in a UK 
TRACERx study, and “a collaboration with AstraZeneca to explore the 
cancer sequencing firm’s NeXT Personal molecular residual disease (MRD) 
test in clinical research and drug development,” respectively. Id. at 80–91 
(citing Ex. 2001; Ex. 2153; Ex. 2154 (discussing initial results of the 
AstraZeneca collaboration); Ex. 2156; Ex. 2035 ¶¶ 11, 14–20). According to 
Patent Owner, “industry[] experts held skepticism toward solving the 
challenges of conducting highly sensitive genome sequencing using capture 
probes” and the difficulties in “‘how to handle the massive amount of 
sequencing data’ when utilizing NGS for profiling cancer genomes.” Id. at 
82–83 (citing Ex. 1030, 10; Ex. 1031; Ex. 1004, 48; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 231–232; 
Ex. 1017, 3). 
Paragraph 228 of Dr. Furneaux’s Declaration, the only substantive 
evidence Patent Owner provides in support of nexus, is a bare statement that 
“Personalis is entitled to a presumption of nexus because, as detailed in the 
following chart, Personalis’ NeXT Personal® assay embodies claim 1 of the 
’033 Patent.” Ex. 2031 ¶ 228. The referenced chart appears to compare 
claim 1 of the ’033 patent to cut-and-paste excerpts of Exhibit 2008, an 
attorney-generated claim chart submitted with Patent Owner’s Preliminary 
Response. Id. 
In our Institution Decision, we considered Petitioner’s argument that 
“Patent Owner’s nexus evidence is supported by ‘only a cursory attorney-
created claim chart,’” and invited the parties to more fully “present argument 
and evidence on this issue,” such that we could “consider objective evidence 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
51 
of non-obviousness after development of a full trial record.” DI 35. Patent 
Owner’s mere inclusion of excerpts from the same cursory claim chart in 
Dr. Furneaux’s Declaration—absent any substantive investigation or 
guidance by Dr. Furneaux—and, moreover, absent any substantive 
explanation or argument in Patent Owner’s briefs, does not suffice. See 
Ex. 1223, 35:15–38:24 (Dr. Furneaux’s testimony that his input in reviewing 
the claim chart was merely “to check that what’s in the left-hand-side 
column there is, in fact, recapitulated in the right-hand-side column.”). 
Patent Owner has thus, “left it up to us to figure out” whether nexus exists. 
See Reply 26 (citing Microsoft Corp. v. Synkloud Technologies, LLC, No. 
2020-00316 (PTAB Jun. 14, 2021)). We decline to do so. See DeSilva v. 
DiLeonardi, 181 F.3d 865, 867 (7th Cir. 1999) (“A brief must make all 
arguments accessible to the judges, rather than ask them to play 
archaeologist with the record.”). Considering the still incomplete record 
before us, Patent Owner has not satisfied its threshold burden of showing 
that its asserted objective indicia of non-obviousness is tied to a specific 
product, where that product “is the invention disclosed and claimed.” See 
Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1373. 
A prima facie case of nexus cannot be made by simply showing that 
“the patent claims broadly cover the product that is the subject of the 
evidence of secondary considerations.” See Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1377 
Accordingly, even were we to accept Dr. Furneux’s conclusory testimony 
that claim 1 “embodies” (i.e., covers) the NeXT Personal assay, that is not 
alone sufficient to establish coextensiveness and the necessary degree of 
correspondence between the product and scope of the claims entitling Patent 
Owner here to a presumption of nexus. Dr. Furneaux does not, for example, 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
52 
explain why alleged success of the NeXT Personal assay is even 
substantially due to “the invention disclosed and claimed” as opposed to, for 
example, some significant unclaimed features. See id. at 944 F.3d at 1373; 
see also Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 108–111 (Dr. Quackenbush disputing the accuracy and 
relevance of Dr. Furneaux’ s sensitivity arguments). 
In view of the above, we find that Patent Owner has not met its 
burden on the nexus issue. WMS Gaming Inc. v. Int’l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 
1339, 1359 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (“The patentee bears the burden of showing that 
a nexus exists.”). 
We further note that, “[w]here the offered secondary consideration 
actually results from something other than what is both claimed and novel in 
the claim, there is no nexus to the merits of the claimed invention.” In re 
Kao, 639 F.3d 1057 (Fed. Cir. 2011). In this respect, Patent Owner anchors 
its evidence of industry praise and skepticism largely on the alleged 
sensitivity of its commercial product. POR 82–83 (e.g., referencing “the 
challenges of conducting highly sensitive genome sequencing using capture 
probes” and “difficulties regarding ‘how to handle the massive amount of 
sequencing data’”). But the sensitivity allegedly displayed by Patent 
Owner’s commercial product is not claimed, or even discussed in the 
Specification. Nor does Patent Owner link any patent claim or portion of the 
Specification to a solution for handl[ing] . . . “massive amount(s) of 
sequencing data.” See POR 84 (citing Ex. 1017, 3). Moreover, to the extent 
Patent Owner’s alleged high sensitivity derives from the use of “genome 
sequencing using capture probes,” such techniques would appear to be 
encompassed by the prior art under our construction of “capture probes.” 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
53 
Considering the above, we ascribe no weight to Patent Owner’s 
evidence of objective indicia of non-obviousness. 
5. Conclusion as to Ground 2, Claims 1–23 
Considering the record before us, and in light of our construction of 
“capture probes,” we find that Petitioner has shown persuasively that claims 
1–23 are unpatentable in view of Forshew and Wagle. 
G. Ground 3: Obviousness in View of Wagle and Chan 
As to Ground 3, Petitioner challenges claims 1–9, 11–23 as 
unpatentable for obviousness in view of Wagle, and Chan. See Pet. 16, 51–
80; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 191–265; Ex. 1225 ¶¶ 104–107. Patent Owner opposes. 
POR 76–79; Sur-reply 23–26. Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 219–226. As Wagle has been 
discussed above, we begin with an overview of Chan. 
1. Overview of Chan (Exhibit 1008) 
Chan discloses “shotgun massively parallel sequencing (MPS) of 
plasma DNA from cancer patients to scan a cancer genome noninvasively.” 
Ex. 1008, 211. According to Chan, “[t]he presence of tumor-derived DNA in 
the plasma of cancer patients offers exciting opportunities for the detection 
and monitoring of cancer.” Id. at 211. Chan states, however, that, “[m]ost of 
the previously published work on plasma DNA as a cancer marker has 
focused on the detection of specific and predetermined molecular targets 
known to be associated with cancer by means of such methods such as the 
PCR.” Id.; see also id. at 223 (noting that “solution-phase hybridization-
based capture approaches have already been successfully used to enrich 
plasma DNA for noninvasive prenatal diagnosis” (citing Liao, Ex. 1009)). In 
contrast to this targeted approach, Chan employed a “nontargeted random–or 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
54 
shotgun–sequencing approach” “to obtain a noninvasive, genomewide view 
of cancer associated copy number variations and mutations in DNA in 
plasma.” Id. at 212. 
Illustrating the shotgun MPS approach, Chan follows the proportions 
of cancer-associated chromosomal aberrations in the plasma of four 
hepatocellular carcinoma patients over time, before and after resection. Id. at 
211 ((“Four hepatocellular carcinoma patients . . . were recruited. DNA was 
extracted from the tumor tissues, and the preoperative and postoperative 
plasma samples of these patients were analyzed with shotgun MPS.”), 212, 
217–219 (“MPS data from the tumor DNA and the buffy coat DNA from 
each of the 4 HCC patients were compared”); see also id. at 219–221 (MPS 
analysis on patient with breast and ovarian cancers). Chan concludes that 
shotgun MPS 
would allow genomic aberrations harbored by tumor cells 
within a patient to be scanned at different levels of resolution, 
ranging from a global view of cancer-associated copy number 
aberrations to point mutations carried by different clones of 
tumor cells. This approach would allow qualitative and 
quantitative aspects of such aberrations to be followed serially, 
as evidenced by the changes we observed in the pre- and 
postsurgery plasma samples. 
Id. at 221. 
Chan further states that, although “the shotgun sequencing approach 
we have described is relatively expensive compared with many targeted 
approaches . . . cost is not expected to be as much of an obstacle in the near 
future. ” Id. at 221. According to Chan, 
[o]ne can also envision the possibility of using shotgun 
sequencing of a plasma sample upon presentation of a cancer 
patient, mining the shotgun sequencing data of plasma DNA for 
copy number aberrations and SNVs, and then specifically 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
55 
targeting such sequences for serial monitoring purposes. In this 
regard, solution-phase hybridization-based capture approaches 
have already been successfully used to enrich plasma DNA for 
noninvasive prenatal diagnosis (34, 35). Hence, we see that the 
targeted and shotgun approaches can be used in combination for 
cancer detection and monitoring. 
Id. 
2. Analysis of Ground 3 
Chan “teaches using solution-phase hybridization-based capture 
probes that target particular polymorphisms identified in an initial whole-
genome sequencing assay to serially monitor and detect cancer in a patient’s 
plasma over time.” See Ex. 1008. 211 (discussing genomic changes observed 
in pre- and postsurgery plasma samples); Pet. 53; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 195–197. 
Petitioner points to Chan as disclosing step 1(d), and admits that Wagle does 
not expressly disclose repeating claim steps 1b and 1c as required by this 
claim step. See Pet. 67–68. According to Petitioner and Dr. Quackenbush, 
Chan would have motivated one of ordinary skill in the art to combine its 
teachings with “Wagle to employ solution-phase hybridization probes, 
including solution-phase hybridization probes targeting additional types of 
polymorphisms, followed by NGS, and repeating the procedure at additional 
time points to monitor tumors in patients.” Pet. 53; Ex. 1020 ¶ 197. 
Patent Owner, however, contends that Ground 3 fails because “Wagle 
in view of Chan does not teach or suggest limitation 1(d).” POR 77–79; Sur-
reply 23–26. Claim step 1(d) recites, “repeating steps (b)–(c) on a 
subsequently obtained biological sample from said individual” which, as 
noted in our Institution Decision, encompasses serial monitoring of a patient 
under treatment for cancer. See DI 38. Patent Owner argues that one of 
ordinary skill in the art “would not have been motivated to repeat Wagle’s 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
56 
solution-based exon capture technique on . . . ‘subsequently obtained tumor 
samples,’” as this entails “an undesirable invasive procedure.” POR 77–78 
(citing Ex. 1030, 1 (Forshew’s statement that “[b]iopsies are invasive and 
costly and only provide a snapshot of mutations present at a given time and 
location.”); Ex. 2111, 2; Ex. 1033, 90; Ex. 2031 ¶¶ 222-225); Sur–reply 23–
24. Nor, Patent Owner argues, would there have been motivation to repeat 
Wagle’s assay using “a plasma sample that included cell-free tumor DNA” 
because “cell-free tumor DNA is not present in sufficient quantities to have 
motivated” its use with a reasonable expectation of success.” POR 78–79 
(citing Ex. 1030, 9; Ex. 2031 ¶ 226); Sur-reply 24–26. 
Patent Owner’s arguments are unpersuasive for the reasons set forth at 
pages 24–26 of the Reply, which we adopt. 
We also do not find credible Patent Owner’s argument that motivation 
to monitor the progression of a patient’s cancer is abrogated by the expense 
or invasiveness of a second or subsequent tumor biopsy even in the case of 
solid tumors. We also note that the “nucleic acid sample obtained from an 
individual” in claim 1 need not be derived from a solid tumor. Indeed, 
claims 10 and 11 specify that the nucleic acid sample may be obtained from 
“a body fluid, cell, skin, tissue, organ, or . . . blood plasma.” As such, the 
claimed tissue sample encompasses blood cell tumors such as the acute 
myeloid leukemia cells isolated from the white blood cell-enriched buffy 
coat fraction as taught by Ley (Ex. 1012),21 asserted in related, co-pending 
IPR2023-00224. Where the claimed tissue sample comprises blood cell 
tumors, any “second or subsequent tumor biopsy” entails an inexpensive and 
 
21 Ley et al., “DNA sequencing of a cytogenetically normal acute myeloid 
leukaemia genome,” 456 Nature 66–72 (2008). Ex. 1012. 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
57 
minimally-invasive blood draw. See generally Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 82–84, 93; see 
also Ex. 1225 ¶ 98 (noting that Chan’s studies employed “matched tumor 
tissue from hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and normal buffy coat DNA”); 
Ex. 1008 at 213 (“DNA samples extracted from the buffy coat and the tumor 
tissues of the HCC patients were analyzed with the SurePrint G3 Human 
High Resolution Microarray Kit (Agilent) as previously described,”), 218 
(“MPS data from the tumor DNA and the buffy coat DNA from each of the 
4 HCC patients were compared”). 
In view of the above, we are unpersuaded by Patent Owner’s 
“invasive and costly biopsy” argument. 
Moreover, as discussed in Section II.F, above, and exemplified by 
Wagle, one of ordinary skill in the art understood that small starting amounts 
of DNA could be amplified by PCR prior to contact with hybridization 
capture probes. See Ex. 1033, 91 (“After preamplification and DNA 
quantification, equimolar pools were generated consisting of 12 barcoded 
tumor DNAs. These DNA pools were subjected to solution-phase hybrid 
capture with biotinylated RNA baits.”). Further, and as noted by Dr. 
Quackenbush, Chan expressly states that “solution-phase hybridization 
based capture approaches have already been successfully used to enrich 
plasma DNA for noninvasive prenatal diagnosis,” thus making clear that 
one of ordinary skill in the art would not have found the amount of DNA in 
patient plasma to be a limiting factor for solution-based hybridization based 
capture analyses. Ex. 1020 ¶ 213 (quoting Ex. 1088, 223); see also Pet. 63–
64 (similar). As such, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s “insufficient 
DNA” argument. 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
58 
As to motivation generally, although Petitioner admits that at least 
Wagle does not expressly disclose repeating claim steps 1b and 1c as 
required by claim step 1d (Pet. 67), this element is disclosed or implicit in 
Chan’s statements that “targeted shotgun approaches can be used in 
combination for cancer detection and monitoring” (Ex. 1008, 221) 
(emphasis added); “[the disclosed] approach would allow qualitative and 
quantitative aspects of such aberrations to be followed serially, as evidenced 
by the changes we observed in the pre- and postsurgery plasma samples” 
(id.) (emphasis added); that “[t]he presence of tumor-derived DNA in the 
plasma of cancer patients offers exciting opportunities for the detection and 
monitoring of cancer” (id. at 222 (emphasis added)); and that “[o]ne can 
also envision the possibility of using shotgun sequencing of a plasma sample 
upon presentation of a cancer patient, mining the shotgun sequencing data of 
plasma DNA for copy number aberrations and SNVs” (id. at 223 (emphasis 
added). See also Ex. 1020 ¶ 194 (Dr. Quackenbush’s testimony that “the use 
of solution-phase hybridization followed by NGS to serially track tumor-
associated polymorphisms is expressly contemplated by Chan. Ex. 1008.”), 
¶ 213 (similar). Moreover, in addition to Chan, we credit Dr. Quackenbush’s 
uncontested testimony that the use of DNA marker analysis to serially 
monitor tumor DNA in a patient’s blood plasma was well known in the art. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
59 
See, e.g., Ex. 1020 ¶ 85 (citing Ex. 100222 (Leary); Ex. 101523 (McBride), 
Ex. 103124 (Meyerson)); ¶¶ 131, 133 (citing Ex. 1030 (Forshew)). 
In sum, the preponderance of the evidence of record supports 
Petitioner’s contention that one of ordinary skill in the art would have found 
it obvious to combine Wagle and Chan with a reasonable expectation of 
success in achieving all limitations of the asserted claims, including 
contested element 1(d). 
3. Conclusion as to Ground 3, Claims 1–9 and 11–23 
Considering the record before us, Petitioner has shown sufficiently 
that claims 1–9 and 11–23 are unpatentable for obviousness in view of 
Wagle and Chan. 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
Having analyzed the entirety of the record and assigning appropriate 
weight to the evidence cited by Petitioner and Patent Owner, and for the 
reasons we have set forth above, we determine that Petitioner has 
established, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1–23 of the 
’033 patent are unpatentable. 
 
 
22 Leary et al., “Development of Personalized Tumor Biomarkers Using 
Massively Parallel Sequencing,” 2(20) Science Translational Medicine 
20ra14 (2010). Ex. 1002; Ex. 1026 (supplemental materials available at 
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2858564/). 
23 McBride, et al., “Use of Cancer-Specific Genomic Rearrangements to 
Quantify Disease Burden in Plasma from Patients with Solid Tumors,” 
49(11) Genes, Chromosomes & Cancer 1062–1069 (2010). 
24 Meyerson, et. al., “Advances in understanding cancer genomes through 
second-generation sequencing,” 11 Nature Reviews 685–696 (2010). 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
60 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–23 of the ’033 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2.25 
 
 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. § Reference(s)
/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–7, 10–23 
§ 102 
Forshew 
1–7, 10–23 
 
1–23 
§ 103 
Forshew, 
Wagle 
1–23 
 
1–9, 11–23 
§ 103 
Wagle, Chan 
1–9, 11–23 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged 
claims in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the 
issuance of this decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 
2019 Notice Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner 
Through Reissue or Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial 
Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner 
chooses to file a reissue application or a request for reexamination of the 
challenged patent, we remind Patent Owner of its continuing obligation to 
notify the Board of any such related matters in updated mandatory 
notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2023-00317 
Patent 11,408,033 B2 
 
61 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Andrew E. Krause 
IRELL & MANELLA LLP 
akrause@irell.com 
 
Amir Naini 
NAINI P.C. 
amir@nainipc.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Derek C. Walter 
Adrian Percer 
WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP 
derek.walter@weil.com 
adrian.percer@weil.com