--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Paper 49 
571-272-7822 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: April 22, 2024 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
BLUEBIRD BIO, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
SLOAN KETTERING INSTITUTE FOR CANCER RESEARCH, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
 
Before SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, JAMES A. WORTH and 
CYNTHIA M. HARDMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
 
SNEDDEN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
DECISION 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. We issue this Final Written 
Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73 in an inter 
partes review involving bluebird bio, Inc. (“Petitioner”) and Sloan Kettering 
Institute for Cancer Research (“Patent Owner”). Based on the record before 
us, we conclude that Petitioner has not demonstrated, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that claims 1, 10, 19, and 22 (“Challenged Claims”) of U.S. 
Patent No. 7,541,179 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’179 patent”) are unpatentable. 
A. Background 
Petitioner filed a Petition to institute inter partes review of claims 1, 
10, 19, and 22 of the ’179 patent. Paper 1 (“Pet.” or “Petition”). Patent 
Owner filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 5. We instituted an inter partes 
review of all claims and all grounds asserted in the Petition on April 24, 
2023. Paper 8. Following institution, Patent Owner filed a Response to the 
Petition (Paper 27, “PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s 
Response (Paper 35, “Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 
41, “Sur-reply”). 
On January 24, 2024, the parties presented arguments at an oral 
hearing. The transcript of the hearing has been entered into the record. 
Paper 47 (“Tr.”). 
B. Related Matters 
Petitioner and Patent Owner identify San Rocco Therapeutics, LLC v. 
bluebird bio, Inc., et al., No. 1-21-cv-01478 (D. Del.)1 as a related district 
 
1 Patent Owner captions this case “Errant Gene Therapeutics, LLC v. 
Bluebird Bio, Inc., 1-21-cv-01478, (D. Del. October 21, 2021).” Paper 4, 2. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
3 
court litigation. Pet. 2–3; Paper 4, 2–3. Patent Owner also identifies Errant 
Gene Therapeutics, LLC v. Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and 
Sloan Kettering Institute of Cancer Research, 1-21-cv-08206 (S.D.N.Y.) as 
a related litigation involving the ’179 patent. Paper 4, 3. 
The parties further identify IPR2023-00074, challenging certain 
claims of U.S. Patent No. 8,058,061 B2 (“the ’061 patent”), as a related 
matter. Pet. 2–3; Paper 4, 2–3. The ’061 patent issued from a divisional 
application of U.S. application number 10/188,221 (“the ’221 application”), 
which issued as the ’179 patent. Ex. 1001, code (21). 
C. The ’179 Patent 
The ’179 patent is directed to a recombinant vector, e.g., a lentiviral 
vector, incorporating a functional globin gene and large portions of the β-
globin locus control region (“LCR”). Ex. 1001, 1:47–51. The Specification 
defines a “recombinant lentiviral vector” as “an artificially created 
polynucleotide vector assembled from a lentiviral-vector and a plurality of 
additional segments as a result of human intervention and manipulation.” Id. 
at 2:36–40. The Specification defines “functional globin gene” as “a 
nucleotide sequence the expression of which leads to a globin that does not 
produce a hemoglobinopathy phenotype, and which is effective to provide 
therapeutic benefits to an individual with a defective globin gene.” Id. at 
2:41–45. “The functional globin gene may encode a wild-type globin,” “a 
mutant form of globin,” “α-globin, β-globin, or γ-globin.” Id. at 2:45–53. 
The recombinant lentiviral vector is used as a gene therapy vector to provide 
“therapeutically meaningful levels of human globin for sustained periods of 
time.” Id. at 1:36–44. 
The Specification describes the recombinant vector as including 
“large portions of the locus control region (LCR) which include DNase I 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
4 
hypersensitive sites HS2, HS3 and HS4.” Id. at 2:54–56. The Specification 
defines “large portions” as “portions of the locus control region which 
encompass larger portions of the hypersensitive sites as opposed to 
previously tested fragments including only the core elements.” Id. at 2:60–
64. In a specific vector, designated TNS9, the LCR is 3.2 kilobases (“kb”) 
in size and “consists of an 840 [base pair (‘bp’)] HS2 fragment (SnaBI-
BstXI), a 1308 bp HS3 fragment (HindIII-BamHI) and a 1069 bp HS4 
fragment (BamHI-BanII).” Id. at 3:24–26. Figure 1, reproduced below, 
illustrates the TNS9 vector. 
 
Figure 1 illustrates the TNS9 vector with exons represented by filled 
boxes and introns represented by open boxes. Id. at 3:14–16. The TNS9 
vector includes, from the 5ʹ end to the 3ʹ end, a splice donor (SD), packaging 
region (Ψ), rev-response element (RRE), splice acceptor (SA), 3'-β-globin 
enhancer (E), β-globin gene, human β-globin promoter (P), and LCR 
(including HS2, HS3, and HS4). Id. at 3:16–19. The 5ʹ and 3ʹ ends include 
long terminal repeat (LTR) sequences. See id. at Fig. 1. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
5 
D. Illustrative Claim 
Petitioner challenges claims 1, 10, 19, and 22 of the ’179 patent. 
Claim 1, set forth below, is the only independent claim and is illustrative of 
the claimed subject matter. 
1. A recombinant vector comprising 
a nucleic acid encoding a functional globin operably 
linked to a 3.2-kb nucleotide fragment which consists essentially 
of three contiguous nucleotide fragments obtainable from a 
human β-globin locus control region (LCR), 
the three fragments being 
a BstXI and SnaBI HS2-spanning nucleotide fragment of 
said LCR, 
a BamHI and HindIII HS3-spanning nucleotide fragment 
of said LCR and 
a BamHI and BanII HS4-spanning nucleotide fragment of 
said LCR, said vector providing expression of the globin in a 
mammal in vivo. 
Ex. 1001, 11:55–65. Dependent claim 19 recites that the functional globin is 
β-globin, and dependent claim 10 recites that the functional globin is human 
β-globin. Id. at 13:4–5, 14:6–7. Dependent claim 22 recites that the vector 
is a lentiviral vector. Id. at 14:12–13. 
E. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 
May, Therapeutic Hemoglobin Synthesis in Beta-Thalassemic 
Mice Expressing Lentivirus-Encoded Human Beta-Globin, 
Cornell University (2001) (Ex. 1004, “May Thesis”). 
 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
6 
May, et al., Therapeutic Haemoglobin Synthesis in β-
Thalassaemic Mice Expressing Lentivirus-Encoded Human β-
globin, 406 NATURE 82–86 (2000) (Ex. 1005, “May Article”).2 
May, et al., Lentiviral-Mediated Transfer of the Human β-Globin 
Gene and Large Locus Control Region Elements Permit 
Sustained Production of Therapeutic Levels of β-Globin in 
Long-Term Bone Marrow Chimeras, 1(5) MOL. THERAPY S248–
49 (2000) (Ex. 1006, “May Abstract”). 
Petitioner also relies upon the Declarations of Jörg Bungert, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 1002) and Ingrid Hsieh-Yee, Ph.D.3 (Ex. 1036). 
Patent Owner relies upon the Declarations of James Riley, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2002, Ex. 2056); Michel Sadelain, M.D., Ph.D. (Ex. 2006); Chad May, 
Ph.D. (Ex. 2007); Stefano Rivella, Ph.D. (Ex. 2008); and Lucio Luzzatto, 
M.D., Ph.D. (Ex. 2009).4 
F. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 10, 19, and 22 are unpatentable on the 
following four grounds: 
 
2 Patent Owner refers to Exhibit 1005 as the “Nature Article.” See, e.g., 
PO Resp. 12. 
3 Petitioner relies on the declaration of Dr. Hsieh-Yee, a librarian, to address 
authenticity and public availability of the cited references. Ex. 1036 ¶ 16. 
4 Patent Owner relies on the declarations of Drs. Sadelain, May, Rivella, and 
Luzzatto to address inventorship and, in some instances, conception and 
reduction to practice allegations. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
7 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §5 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1, 19, 22 
102 
May Thesis 
1, 19, 22 
102 
May Article 
1, 19, 22 
103 
May Article 
1, 10, 19, 22 
103 
May Abstract 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
The level of skill in the art is a factual determination that provides a 
primary guarantee of objectivity in an obviousness analysis. Al-Site Corp. v. 
VSI Int’l Inc., 174 F.3d 1308, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (citing Graham v. John 
Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966); Ryko Mfg. Co. v. Nu-Star, Inc., 
950 F.2d 714, 718 (Fed. Cir. 1991)). 
Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) 
“at the time of the alleged invention would have had: (1) at least an 
advanced degree (e.g., a Master’s or Ph.D.) in biochemistry, biotechnology, 
protein chemistry, genetics, molecular and structural biology, 
bioengineering, or similar disciplines.” Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 14–15). 
Petitioner further asserts that a POSA would have had “(2) several years of 
post-graduate training or related experience in one or more of these areas” 
and “(3) an understanding of vector design and the effect of LCR fragments 
 
5 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 
Stat. 284 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective March 16, 
2013. Because the application from which the ’179 patent issued has an 
effective filing date before that date, the pre-AIA version of §§ 102 and 103 
apply. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
8 
on gene expression, including experience with how the LCR regulates gene 
expression.” Id. 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s description of the level of 
ordinary skill in the art. See PO Resp. Because Petitioner’s uncontested 
definition of one of ordinary skill in the art is reasonable and consistent with 
the ’179 patent and the prior art of record, we adopt Petitioner’s definition 
for purposes of this Decision. 
B. Claim Construction 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard that would be 
used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 
37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2019). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally 
given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 
415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc) (quoting Vitronics Corp. 
v. Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1582 (Fed. Cir. 1996)). “In determining 
the meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the 
intrinsic evidence of record, examining the claim language itself, the written 
description, and the prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. 
v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) 
(citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–17). 
Petitioner states that “no term of the ’179 patent requires construction 
to resolve the challenges in this Petition.” Pet. 22 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 49–
50). Patent Owner does not argue for any express claim constructions. See 
PO Resp. 
Based upon our review of the current record, we determine that no 
claim terms require express construction for purposes of this Decision. See 
Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
9 
1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (Only those terms that are in controversy need be 
construed, “and only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.”). 
C. Ground 1: Petitioner’s Assertion that Claims 1, 19, and 22 are 
Anticipated by the May Thesis 
Petitioner asserts that the May Thesis anticipates claims 1, 19, and 22. 
Pet. 23–26; see Reply 1. Patent Owner contends that the May thesis does 
not qualify as prior art and further that “Petitioner’s Reply makes clear that 
Petitioner has effectively conceded” this ground. PO Resp. 1; Sur-reply 1. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, we 
determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of 
evidence that claims 1, 19, and 22 are anticipated by the May Thesis. Our 
analysis follows. 
We first summarize aspects of the May Thesis. 
1. 
Summary of the May Thesis 
The May Thesis describes therapeutic hemoglobin synthesis in β-
thalassemic mice expressing lentivirus-encoded human beta-globin. 
Ex. 1004, 3. The May Thesis discloses recombinant lentivirus vector TNS9. 
Id. at 74. The TNS9 vector is illustrated in Figure 4.01(b), reproduced 
below: 
 
Figure 4.01(b) illustrates the TNS9 vector with exons represented by 
filled boxes and introns represented by open boxes. Id. The TNS9 vector 
includes, from the 5ʹ end to the 3ʹ end, a splice donor (SD), packaging region 
(Ψ), rev-response element (RRE), splice acceptor (SA), 3'-β-globin enhancer 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
10 
(E), β-globin gene, human β-globin promoter (P), and LCR (including HS2, 
HS3, and HS4). Id. The 5ʹ and 3ʹ ends include long terminal repeat (LTR) 
sequences. See id. at Fig. 4.01(b). May Thesis discloses that the TNS9 LCR 
element (Fig. 4.01b) includes an 840 bp HS2 fragment (SnaBl-BstXI), a 
1308 bp HS3 fragment (HindUI-BamHI Banll), and a 1069 bp HS4 fragment 
(BamHI-Banll) to generate a 3.2 kb LCR element. Id. at 75. 
2. 
Discussion 
Petitioner asserts that the May Thesis, dated May 2001, was “publicly 
available on ProQuest by at least November 26, 2001.” Pet. 17 (citing 
Ex. 1004, cover; Ex. 1036 ¶¶ 1–26). The ’179 patent issued from the ’221 
application filed on July 1, 2002. Ex. 1001, code (22). The ’221 application 
claims priority to the ’861 provisional application, filed June 29, 2001, and 
the ’852 provisional application, filed on July 2, 2001. Id. at code (60). 
Petitioner asserts that “at least claims 1, 19, and 22 of the ’179 patent 
cannot claim priority to either provisional because [the provisional 
applications] do not satisfy at least the written description requirements of 
35 U.S.C. § 112 for these claims.” Pet. 13. As a result, Petitioner asserts 
that “the earliest date to which these claims of the ’179 patent may claim 
priority is July 1, 2002, the filing date of the [’221] application.” Id. 
Petitioner asserts that “[t]he May Thesis is prior art to the ’179 patent under 
35 U.S.C. §§ 102(a)[] and (b) based on the July 1, 2002 priority date” and 
“because it has a different inventive entity than the ’179 patent.” Id. at 17–
18 & n.7. 
However, even assuming that claims 1, 19, and 22 are not entitled to 
receive benefit of an earlier filing date, we determine that Patent Owner has 
shown that the May Thesis represents the inventors’ own work, and thus the 
May Thesis is not prior art to the ’179 patent. PO Resp. 14–15. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
11 
The May Thesis is authored by Chad May, who is a listed inventor of 
the ’179 patent. Id.; Ex. 1004, 3; Ex. 1001, code (75). Thus, the May Thesis 
represents the work of one of the ’179 inventors and is therefore ineligible as 
prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a) for challenged claims 1, 19, and 22. See, 
e.g., In re Katz, 687 F.2d 450, 454–455 (CCPA 1982) (a prior publication by 
inventors or a subset of the inventors does not qualify as prior art under 
102(a)). 
With respect to 35 U.S.C. § 102(b), we find that the May Thesis is 
ineligible as prior art, even assuming that claims 1, 19, and 22 are not 
entitled to receive benefit of an earlier filing date. Petitioner provides 
evidence that the May Thesis was publicly available as of November 26, 
2001. Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1036 ¶¶ 1–26; Ex. 1002 ¶ 60). Patent Owner does 
not dispute that evidence. Based on the undisputed November 26, 2001 
public availability date, the May Thesis represents a disclosure less than one 
year before the asserted effective filing date, i.e., the July 1, 2002, for claims 
1, 19, and 22 challenged with this reference. Based on that timing and 
because the disclosure was made by the inventor, the May Thesis is not 
available as prior art to challenged claims 1, 19, and 22 under 35 U.S.C. 
§102(b). 
Petitioner has not established that the May Thesis is prior art to claims 
1, 19, and 22. Consequently, Petitioner has not demonstrated by a 
preponderance of evidence that claims 1, 19, and 22 are anticipated by the 
May Thesis. 
D. Ground 2: Petitioner’s Assertion that Claims 1, 19, and 22 are 
Anticipated by the May Article 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 19, and 22 are anticipated by the May 
Article. Pet. 26–33. Petitioner begins with its analysis of independent claim 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
12 
1 (id. at 26–32), and then addresses the limitations added by dependent 
claims 19 and 22 (id. at 32–33). Patent Owner raises multiple 
counterarguments. PO Resp. 37–40. Having considered the parties’ 
positions and evidence of record, we determine that Petitioner has not 
demonstrated by a preponderance of evidence that claims 1, 19, and 22 are 
anticipated by the May Article. Our analysis follows. 
We first summarize aspects of the May Article, also referred to by 
Patent Owner as “the Nature Article.” Id. 
1. 
May Article 
The May Article describes therapeutic hemoglobin synthesis in β-
thalassemic mice expressing lentivirus-encoded human β-globin. Ex. 1005, 
82. The May Article describes constructing two recombinant lentiviruses 
carrying β-globin transcription units. Id. The lentiviruses including RNS1 
containing “a minimal LCR comprising previously tested core elements of 
HS2, HS3 and HS4,” and TNS9 containing “large fragments encompassing 
HS2, HS3 and HS4 were introduced instead of the corresponding core 
elements.” Id. The TNS9 vector is shown in Figure 1b, reproduced below: 
 
Figure 1b illustrates the TNS9 vector with the exons represented by 
filled boxes and the introns represented by open boxes. Id. The TNS9 
vector includes, from the 5ʹ end to the 3ʹ end, a splice donor (SD), packaging 
region (Ψ), rev-response element (RRE), splice acceptor (SA), 3'-β-globin 
enhancer (E), β-globin gene, human β-globin promoter (P), and LCR 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
13 
(including HS2, HS3, and HS4). Id. The 5ʹ and 3ʹ ends include long 
terminal repeat (LTR) sequences. See id. at Fig. 4.01(b). 
Figure 1a of the May Article, reproduced below, depicts the TNS9 
LCR, comparing it to a vector referred to as “RNS1.” 
 
Id. at 82, Fig. 1a. With reference to Figure 1a, the May Article discloses that 
the “TNS9 was generated by replacing the core HS2 element of RNS1 with 
an 840-bp HS2 fragment, the core HS3 element with a 1,308-bp HS3 
fragment, and the core HS4 element with a 1,069-bp HS4 fragment,” where 
“[b]oxes represent HS fragments drawn to scale.” Id. 
2. 
Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner asserts that the May Article discloses each element of 
claims 1, 19, and 22. See Pet. 26–36. Specifically, Petitioner asserts that the 
May Article discloses a recombinant vector, TNS9, including a nucleic acid 
encoding a β-globin gene, e.g., a human β-globin gene, operably linked to an 
LCR consisting of large segments, which are composed of three fragments 
(HS2, HS3, and HS4) that are adjacent, i.e., contiguous to each other. Id. at 
26–27, 32 (citing Ex. 1005, 82–84). Petitioner asserts further that the May 
Article explains that the three fragments were “generated by replacing the 
core HS2 element . . . with an 840-bp HS2 fragment, the core HS3 element 
. . . with a 1,308-bp HS3 fragment, and the core HS4 element . . . with a 
1,069-bp HS4 fragment.” Id. at 27–28 (citing Ex. 1005, 82) (emphasis 
omitted, alterations in original). Additionally, Petitioner asserts that the May 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
14 
Article discloses that the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments “sum up to 3217 bp, 
or roughly 3.2 kb.” Id. at 28 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 101). Petitioner also asserts 
that the May Article discloses that the vector “increased globin expression in 
vivo.” Id. at 32. 
Petitioner contends that the May Article “teaches the restriction sites 
bounding the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments as recited in claim 1” by: 
(a) disclosing the lengths of those fragments in the TNS9 vector as 840 bp, 
1308 bp, and 1069 bp; and (b) depicting the fragments on a “drawn to scale” 
map of the LCR with a comparison, in size and placement, to previously 
published fragments for the core elements of HS2, HS3, and HS4 in a RNS1 
vector. Id. at 28 (citing Ex. 1005, 82, Fig. 1(a); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 103–118). 
Petitioner asserts that “[b]y July 1, 2002, the entire map of the LCR region 
was available to a POSA in the GenBank database under accession numbers 
‘HUMHBB,’ ‘U01317,’ and ‘NG_000007.1.’” Id. at 28–29 (citing 
Ex. 1016, 14903–05, Fig. 2; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 104–105). Petitioner notes that 
Patent Owner recognized the knowledge in the art at the time of the 
invention during prosecution. Id. at 29 (citing Ex. 1032, 301) (explaining 
that the sequences provided by the GenBank Accession numbers “are the 
reference sequences for the human β-globin region and are well known to 
those of skill in the art”). 
Additionally, Petitioner asserts that “by July 1, 2002, a finite number 
of restriction enzymes, including BstX1, SnaBI, BamHI, HindIII, and BanII, 
were available for sale through commercial sources.” Id. at 30 (citing Ex. 
1002 ¶ 106).6 Petitioner asserts that the specific sequences that these 
 
6 We recognize that the ’179 patent issued from the ’221 application filed on 
July 1, 2002, and thus Petitioner’s analysis is predicated on the ’179 patent 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
15 
restriction enzymes recognized were also known at the time of the invention. 
Id. According to Petitioner, a skilled artisan would “have been able to map 
all of the possible restriction sites in the regions flanking the cores of HS2, 
HS3, and HS4.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 107–110). Petitioner contends that, 
based on the disclosures in the May Article regarding the size and location 
of TNS9’s HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments, “a POSA would have placed 
these fragments onto the restriction-site map of the LCR they would have 
had available at the time.” Id. at 30–31 (Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 110–112). Petitioner 
asserts that “[i]n doing so, a POSA would have identified only six possible 
combinations of restriction enzyme fragments, one of which is recited in 
claim 1.” Id. at 31 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 112–117). Thus, Petitioner contends 
that, based on the May Article disclosures, a POSA would have “‘at once 
envisage[d]’ a limited class of restriction fragments.” Id. (citing 
Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 1381–83 
(Fed. Cir. 2015) (“Thus, substantial evidence supports the Board’s 
conclusion that [the prior-art reference] effectively teaches 15 combinations, 
of which one anticipates pending claim 1.”)) (alteration in original). 
Petitioner supports its contentions with the declaration of Dr. Bungert. 
Ex. 1002. 
 
not being entitled to its priority claims. Because we determine that the May 
Article would not have rendered obvious any of the Challenge Claims even 
assuming a July 1, 2002 effective filing date, we need not address the issue 
of whether the ’221 application is entitled to claim priority to the ’861 
provisional application, filed June 29, 2001, and the ’852 provisional 
application, filed on July 2, 2001. For the purposes of this discussion, we 
assume that May Article, published July 6, 2000, is prior art to the ’179 
patent under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b) based on the July 1, 2002 filing date. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
16 
3. 
Patent Owner’s Response 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner has not met its burden to show 
that claims 1, 19, and 22 are anticipated by the May Article. PO Resp. 37–
40. Patent Owner asserts that the May Article does not expressly or 
inherently disclose all of the elements of the challenged claims. Id. In 
particular, Patent Owner asserts that the May Article does not disclose the 
claimed restriction sites surrounding the hypersensitive sites—the “BstXI 
and SnaBI HS2-,” “BamHI and HindIII HS3-,” or “BamHI and BanII HS4-” 
spanning nucleotide fragments. Id. at 37–38. Patent Owner asserts that “the 
[May] Article does not even disclose the use of restriction enzymes at all,” 
and therefore “it cannot inherently disclose every possible restriction site 
surrounding the hyper-specific sites.” Id. at 39 (citing Ex. 2002 ¶¶ 105–117; 
Ex. 1005). 
4. 
Discussion 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we determine that the May Article fails to disclose the 
restriction sites surrounding the BstXI and SnaBI HS2-, BamHI and HindIII 
HS3-, or BamHI and BanII HS4-spanning nucleotide fragments, as required 
by the challenged claims. According to Petitioner, that limitation is 
inherently disclosed by the May Article’s description of the lengths of the 
HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments in the TNS9 vector and its depiction of those 
fragments on a map of the LCR. Pet. 28. To support its inherency 
argument, Petitioner relies on knowledge in the art, i.e., the availability of 
the entire map of the LCR region, and the availability of restriction enzymes, 
including BstX1, SnaBI, BamHI, HindIII, and BanII. Id. at 30–31 (citing 
Kennametal, 780 F.3d at 1381–83). Based on that combined information, 
Petitioner contends that a POSA would “have been able to map all of the 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
17 
possible restriction sites in the regions flanking the cores of HS2, HS3, and 
HS4.” Id. Petitioner asserts further that “[g]iven the May Article’s 
disclosure regarding the size and location of [TNS9’s] HS2, HS3, and HS4 
fragments, a POSA would have placed these fragments onto the restriction-
site map of the LCR” that was available at the time, and would have 
identified only six possible combinations of restriction enzyme fragments, 
including the one recited in claim 1. Id. Upon closer inspection, however, 
we appreciate from the testimony of Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Bungert, that 
the process involved in arriving at those six possible combinations is 
predicated on numerous assumptions guiding a number of exacting steps to 
be performed in order to achieve the claimed LCR fragment. According to 
Dr. Bungert, the process for making the claimed LCR fragment would have 
involved the steps of (a) placing fragments that are the disclosed size of the 
HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments from the TNS9 vector in the May Article 
onto the known restriction-site map of the LCR; (b) comparing those 
fragments to the “‘drawn to scale’ map” in the May Article; and then (c) 
identifying various fragments and determining which ones are consistent 
with the May Article’s description and match up with the fragments on the 
May Article’s drawn to scale map. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 112–117. To identify the 
fragments consistent with the May Article’s description, it was necessary for 
Dr. Bungert to use certain assumptions that exclude unfavorable enzymes 
such as using a range of ± 20 bp in order to identify fragments with lengths 
that are within 20 bp of the fragments reported in the May Article. Id. In 
view of the number of assumptions and steps required to get from what is 
disclosed in the May Article to arrive at the alleged “six possible LCRs (i.e., 
combination of HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments based on the TNS9 LCR 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
18 
disclosed in the May Article)—including the LCR recited in claim 1,” 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 117, we do not find that Petitioner has demonstrated that 
fragments having the restriction sites recited in claim 1 would have been “at 
once envisage[d]” by a skilled artisan as argued by Petitioner. Pet. 30–31. 
Moreover, as is further discussed below in the context of Petitioner’s 
obviousness challenge over the May Article, we find merit in Patent 
Owner’s argument that “a POSA at the time would understand such 
fragments could be made in multiple different ways, including through 
amplification by polymerase chain reactions (‘PCRs’), cutting from genomic 
DNAs using restriction enzymes, or otherwise.” PO Resp. 38 (citing Ex. 
2002 ¶¶ 89, 106–115). Thus, Petitioner’s assertion that a skilled artisan 
would have immediately envisaged fragments having the restriction sites in 
claim 1 is further undermined because there would have been more than one 
method of making the fragments disclosed in the May Article, one of which 
did not involve using restriction enzymes. 
Accordingly, for at least the foregoing reasons, we determine that 
Petitioner has not established by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 
1, 19, and 22 are anticipated by the May Article. 
E. Ground 3: Petitioner’s Assertion that Claims 1, 19, and 22 would 
have been Obvious over the May Article 
As an alternative to Ground 2, Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 19, and 
22 would have been obvious in view of the May Article. Pet. 33–36. 
Specifically, Petitioner contends that the May Article discloses all of the 
limitations of claims 1, 19, and 22, “[h]owever, to the extent that the May 
Article is found not to disclose [the BstXI and SnaBI HS2-, BamHI and 
HindIII HS3-, or BamHI and BanII HS4- spanning nucleotide fragments 
limitation], that limitation nonetheless would have been obvious in view of 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
19 
the teachings of May Article and the knowledge of a POSA at the time of the 
alleged invention.” Id. at 33. Patent Owner raises multiple 
counterarguments, which we find credible and supported by the evidence of 
record. PO Resp. 40–52. Thus, having considered the parties’ positions and 
evidence of record, we determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a 
preponderance of evidence that claims 1, 19, and 22 would have been 
obvious over the May Article. Our analysis follows. 
1. 
Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner asserts that, to the extent the May Article is not considered 
to disclose “the three fragments being a BstXI and SnaBI HS2-spanning 
nucleotide fragment of said LCR, a BamHI and HindIII HS3-spanning 
nucleotide fragment of said LCR and a BamHI and BanII HS4-spanning 
nucleotide fragment of said LCR,” as recited by claim 1, “that limitation 
nonetheless would have been obvious in view of the teachings of the May 
Article and the knowledge of a POSA at the time of the alleged invention.” 
Pet. 33. Specifically, Petitioner contends that a skilled artisan would have 
known that the entire map of the LCR region was available at the time of the 
invention. Id. at 30, 33. 
Petitioner relies on the same disclosures discussed for the anticipation 
challenge and asserts that a POSA would have similarly “used the 
disclosures in the May Article regarding TNS9’s LCR, especially given the 
general knowledge of the map of the LCR to identify the claimed restriction 
sites, and narrowed the options to a finite list of possibilities for HS2, HS3, 
and HS4.” Id. at 34 (footnote omitted). Petitioner also contends that the 
skilled artisan would have known that certain restriction enzymes, including 
BstX1, SnaBI, BamHI, HindIII, and Banll, were commercially available. Id. 
at 30, 33. Based on that combined information, Petitioner contends, as 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
20 
discussed for the anticipation ground, that “a POSA would have identified 
only six possible combinations of restriction enzyme fragments, one of 
which is recited in claim 1.” Id. at 34. 
Petitioner contends that “a POSA would have had a good reason to 
make the TNS9 vector identified in the May Article given the authors’ 
disclosures that ‘[t]hese findings established that the larger LCR fragments 
. . . increased globin expression in vivo and, furthermore, suggested that 
TNS9 is more resistant to transcriptional silencing . . . than [the core 
elements].’” Id. at 35 (quoting Ex. 1005, 84; citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 132) 
(alteration in original). Additionally, Petitioner contends that a skilled 
artisan would have understood how to create the vector described in the May 
Article with the recited HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments, with a reasonable 
expectation of success, as it “involved merely combining known elements in 
the field (i.e., the disclosed TNS9 vector fragments, as in the May Article, 
and a POSA’s knowledge of the restriction-site map of the LCR) to yield a 
predictable result (i.e., the claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments).” Id. at 
35–36 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 133); see also id. at 36 (a POSA would have 
reasonably expected that combining the teachings of the May Article with 
known elements in the field would have achieved the claimed HS2, HS3, 
and HS4 fragments “given the accessibility of the LCR map and the known 
commercially available restriction enzymes”) (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 134). 
Further to that point, Dr. Bungert testifies how a skilled artisan would 
have used the known restriction-site LCR map as a tool for engineering the 
vector disclosed by the May Article. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 107–117. Dr. Bungert 
explains a detailed process for how “a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have envisaged only six possible LCRs (i.e., combination of HS2, 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
21 
HS3, and HS4 fragments based on the TNS9 LCR disclosed in the May 
Article)—including the LCR recited in claim 1.” Id. ¶ 107; Pet. 30–31. 
2. 
Patent Owner’s Response 
Patent Owner contends that Dr. Bungert’s proposed step-wise process 
for the selection of restriction enzymes is hindsight-driven and ignores 
certain complications that a POSA would have had to overcome to arrive at 
the exact combination of the BstXI and SnaBI HS2-, BamHI and HindIII 
HS3-, or BamHI and BanII HS4- spanning nucleotide fragment recited by 
the claims. PO Resp. 40–52. First, Patent Owner criticizes Petitioner’s 
assertion that a skilled artisan would have necessarily used a genomic map 
of the LCR in combination with restriction enzyme to map the possible 
restriction sites for HS2, HS3, and HS4 by arguing that “PCR would have 
been a viable method[, if not a preferred method], for a POSA to clone the 
claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments (instead of cutting from genomic 
DNAs using restriction enzymes).” Id. at 40–41 (citing Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 44–52, 
136–144). More specifically, Patent Owner contends that a 
POSA would have known that PCR can be used to join DNA 
fragments using a technique called splicing by overlap extension 
(“SOE”). (Ex. 2068 at 39–40; Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 49, 144.) As Dr. Riley 
explains, Dr. Bungert’s reasons for avoiding PCR when cloning 
the LCR fragments, are inconsistent and contradicted by the 
knowledge of a POSA. (Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 139–44.) Even Dr. Bungert 
routinely used PCR when cloning LCR and other fragments. 
(See, e.g., Ex. 2052, 2054; Ex. 2064 at 3063.) 
Id. at 41; see also Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 44–52, 136–144 (Dr. Riley opining that, at the 
time of the invention, PCR was a preferred method for cloning DNA 
fragments with many advantages over the conventional techniques of 
recombinant DNA technology that rely on restriction enzymes); compare 
Ex. 2055, 26:25–27:10 (Dr. Bungert testifying that “a POSA . . . would have 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
22 
excluded using PCR to generate an LCR fragment that drives high ß-globin 
expression”). Moreover, Patent Owner contends that, 
[T]he Nature Article, along with the state of the art, would have 
taught away from the use of restriction enzymes. As even Dr. 
Bungert recognized in his declaration and confirmed at 
deposition, after comparing the known restriction enzymes 
against the entire map of the LCR region that was available at 
that time, a POSA would have recognized that there were no 
combinations of restriction enzymes that can provide the 
claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 LCR fragments with the actual 
fragment size (i.e., 840 bp for HS2, 1308 bp for HS3, and 1069 
bp for HS4, respectively) disclosed in the Nature Article. (See, 
e.g., Ex. 2055 at 155:4–155:8.) This clear obstacle should have 
been the end of the decision tree process, foreclosing a POSA 
from choosing a path of cloning the claimed fragments using 
restriction enzymes, especially since other methods of cloning, 
i.e., PCR technology, were just as routine, available, and more 
efficient . . . . 
PO Resp. 42. 
Additionally, Patent Owner contends that the absence of any 
identifiable combinations of restriction enzymes to produce the claimed 
HS2, HS3, and HS4 LCR fragments is the reason “that Dr. Bungert had to 
arbitrarily apply a size variability of +/- 20 bp to the fragment sizes, without 
citing to any scientific authority to support this number.” Id. at 43–44 
(citing Ex. 2055, 214:20–215:6; 232:16–18). Additionally, Patent Owner 
explains that 
Dr. Bungert stated that he was able to find a fragment within +/- 
15 bp, but that he then used a +/- 20 bp size variation to be 
“conservative.” (Ex. 2055 at 214:6-8.) However, the +/- 15 bp 
does not cover the “BstXI and SnaBI HS2-spanning fragment” 
recited in claim 1 of the ’179 patent, because the actual fragment 
size of the BstXI and SnaBI HS2-spanning fragment is 857 bp, 
which is 17 bp larger than 840 bp disclosed by the Nature Article. 
In order to ensure that the claimed BstXI and SnaBI HS2-

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
23 
spanning fragment with a 17 bp size variation would fit within 
his analysis, Dr. Bungert arbitrarily added another 5 bp to this 
size variation without any scientific basis other than his necessity 
to try get his numbers to work. In fact, Dr. Bungert admitted at 
deposition that he could not provide any reasonable explanation 
as to why a POSA would not instead use a +/- 21 bp or +/- 22 bp 
size variation, although he admitted a fragment within a +/- 21 
bp or +/- 22 bp size variation “will likely not create a difference.” 
PO Resp. 43–44 (citing Ex. 2055, 232:16–18.) 
Patent Owner also contends that Dr. Bungert’s method for arriving at 
the claimed restriction enzyme nucleotide fragments relies on a set of 
conditions he created but was unable to follow to achieve the recited set of 
enzymes. Id. at 44–45. Specifically, Patent Owner contends that, according 
to his own criteria, Dr. Bungert “should have excluded enzymes that cleave 
the LCR too frequently; however, for HS4 he still used BanII (an enzyme 
recited in claim 1 of the ’179 patent), which cuts HS4 internally 4 times.” 
Id. at 45 (citing Ex. 2056 ¶ 165 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 115)). 
Patent Owner notes that Dr. Bungert stated that “a POSA would prefer 
restriction enzymes that generate sticky ends and would prefer not to use 
those that generate blunt ends (Ex. 2055 at 59:11–16), but for HS2 he still 
used SnaBI – a blunt end cutter that is recited in claim 1 of the ’179 patent.” 
Id. (citing Ex. 2055, 241:10–21). Patent Owner notes that Dr. Bungert stated 
that 
a [POSA] would prefer not to use restriction enzymes like BglI, 
which have undefined nucleotides as part of their recognition 
sequence 
(the 
recognition 
sequence 
for 
BglI 
is 
GCCNNNNNGGC, where N can be any nucleotide). (Ex. 2055 
at 124-126). But the restriction enzyme BstXI recited in claim 1 
of 
the 
’179 
patent 
has 
a 
recognition 
sequence—
CCANNNNNNTGG—with undefined nucleotides that a POSA, 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
24 
according to Dr. Bungert, would purportedly prefer not to use. 
(Ex. 2056 at ¶167.) 
Id. at 45–46. Thus, according to Patent Owner, “[t]hat claim 1 recites three 
restriction enzymes (BanII, SnaBI, and BstXI) that Dr. Bungert states a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have excluded or avoided is a clear 
demonstration of the use of hindsight knowledge.” Id. at 46. 
Patent Owner contends that Dr. Bungert’s approach is “fundamentally 
flawed” additionally because he “omitted many commercially available 
enzymes that could be used to generate HS fragments meeting the size and 
relative position requirements when using his +/- 20 bp variability.” Id. 
Specifically, 
for HS2, Dr. Bungert omitted at least the MaeII, TaiI, SacI, 
EcoICRI, EarI, and BpmI restriction enzymes, for HS3, he 
omitted the BlpI, Bpu10I, XmnI, BsgI, and StyI restriction 
enzymes, and for HS4, he omitted the BsgI, AclWI, and PstI 
restriction enzymes. 
Id. at 46 (citing Ex. 2056 ¶ 168). Considering these additional enzymes, 
Dr. Riley was able to find “at least 9 HS2 fragments . . . meet[ing] the 
requirements of fragment size (840 +/- 20 bp) and relative position with 
respect to RNS1 HS2 core element,” “at least 6 HS3 fragments . . . 
meet[ing] the requirements of fragment size (1308 +/- 20 bp) and relative 
position with respect to RNS1 HS3 core element,” and “at least 10 HS4 
fragments . . . meet[ing] the requirements of fragment size (1069 +/- 20 bp) 
and relative position with respect to RNS1 HS4 core element.” Ex. 2056 
¶¶ 171–174; see also PO Resp. 47–52 (summarizing Dr. Riley’s analysis). 
Thus, “Dr. Riley calculates the number of possible fragment combinations to 
be at least 540.” PO Resp. 47 (citing Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 139–175, 183–188). 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
25 
3. 
Petitioner’s Reply 
Petitioner contends that the May Article is silent as to whether the 
disclosed construct was made using PCR or restriction enzymes, and 
therefore cannot teach away from the use of restriction enzymes. Reply 12–
14; see also id. at 13 (“Dr. Riley confirmed that a POSA ‘could make [that 
vector] either using PCR or with restriction enzymes.’” (alteration in 
original)) (citing Ex. 1052, 78:20–23, 67:13–20; Pet. 30–32; Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 116–117). 
Petitioner contends that Dr. Bungert’s opinion that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would allow for +/- 20bp when analyzing the 
fragment lengths reported in the May Article does not reflect a “hindsight-
based approach,” but rather reflects the need for “minor changes in fragment 
length” to accurately achieve the “reported lengths.” Id. at 14 (citing PO 
Resp. 43–44; Ex. 1002 ¶ 113). Petitioner further contends: 
As Dr. Bungert explained, a POSA attempting to make the vector 
described in the May Article would not have encountered 
fragments that either matched the exact reported lengths, or that 
were present within +/-5bp or +/-10bp. (Ex. 2055, 128:24–
129:8, 131:12–132:8, 138:5–23, 233:8–234:2; Ex. 1002, ¶113.) 
Because a POSA would have been able to identify a fragment 
within +/-15bp, Dr. Bungert then allowed for an additional +/-
5bp (for a total of +/-20bp) to mimic the POSA’s “conservative” 
approach in assessing fragment lengths reported in the prior art. 
(Ex. 2055, 133:8–14, 136:5–11, 138:20–25, 169:5–13.) As such, 
a POSA analyzing the May Article, unless directed to more 
precise restriction sites, would have used +/-20bp based on the 
known variability in reported fragment lengths. (Ex. 2055, 128:4 
129:8 (explaining possibility of “slightly different numbers from 
the same restriction fragments”); id., 130:5–19, 131:22–132:8, 
135:15–136:4, 138:5–23, 227:6–228:9, 233:4–234:2, 236:15–
19, 237:21–238:9.) 
Id. at 15–16. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
26 
Regarding Dr. Bungert’s restriction enzyme selection criteria, 
Petitioner contends that Patent Owner ignores why certain exceptions were 
applied. Id. at 17–18. For example, Patent Owner contends that 
“Dr. Bungert should not have used BanII because it ‘cuts HS4 internally 4 
times,’”7 but Dr. Bungert “explained that a POSA would have used BanII (as 
well as SacI) because of the lack of other options for the HS4 fragment.” Id. 
at 17 (citing Ex. 2055, 157:24–158:19, 154:3–155:8; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 36–37, 
106, 115–116, 131). 
In reply to Patent Owner’s contention that “Dr. Bungert should not 
have used SnaBI because it is a ‘blunt end cutter’ ([PO Resp.] 45),”8 
Petitioner asserts that Dr. Bungert explained that a POSA would not have 
excluded such restriction enzymes because it produces a fragment within 20 
bp of the length disclosed in the May Article and is consistent with the 
location of the HS2 fragment on the May Article’s “drawn to scale” map. 
Id. at 17–18 (citing Ex. 2055, 30:24–31:24, 240:15–241:21; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 36–
37, 106, 115–116, 131); Ex. 1002 ¶ 113. 
Petitioner contends that Patent Owner “is incorrect that Dr. Bungert 
excluded restriction enzymes that have ‘undefined nucleotides as part of 
their recognition sequence’ like BglI and BstXI.” Id. at 18 (citing PO Resp. 
 
7 Patent Owner made this argument with reference to Dr. Bungert’s assertion 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have excluded enzymes that 
cleave the LCR too frequently. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 110 (“a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have excluded those restriction enzymes that . . . cleave 
the LCR too frequently, which would prevent one from generating fragments 
of sufficient length”), 115; Ex. 2056 ¶ 165. 
8 Patent Owner made this argument with reference to Dr. Bungert’s 
preference to avoid enzymes that generate blunt ends. Ex. 2055, 59:11–16. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
27 
45–469). Rather, Petitioner argues, Dr. Bungert explained that “a POSA 
would have considered these types of restriction enzymes (Ex. 2055, 126:2–
19), and BglI does not appear in the analysis only because it does not allow 
for a HS fragment described in the May Article.” Id. 
Petitioner also asserts that Patent Owner is incorrect that Dr. Bungert 
“omitted many commercially available enzymes” and provides a summary 
of Dr. Bungert’s rationale for omitting certain enzymes. Id. at 18–24 
(quoting PO Resp. 46). For example, Petitioner explains that, with regard to 
the HS4 fragment, Dr. Bungert “omitted ‘BsgI, AclWI,’ [because] both 
‘cleave the DNA outside the restriction site,’ as Dr. Riley admitted.” Id. at 
18 (citing Ex. 1052, 154:20–155:4, 155:23–156:4; Ex. 1026, 3; Ex. 2055, 
48:13–25, 53:10–12, 54:9–14). For the HS2 fragment, Petitioner responds 
to the alleged omission of SacI by noting that a SnaBI-SacI fragment is 819-
bp, which is outside of the applied +/-20 bp range. Id. at 21. Regarding the 
alleged omission of MaeII, TaiI, and EcoICRI for the HS2 fragment, 
Petitioner contends 
MaeII and TaiI cut in the same location as SnaBI, and EcoICRI 
cuts in the same location as SacI. (Ex.1026, 8–10 (referring to 
the enzymes SRT identified as “isoschizomers”); Ex.1002, 
¶¶113–114.) Dr. Bungert’s inclusion of SnaBI and SacI in his 
analysis (Ex.1002, ¶¶113-14) therefore provide the same 
fragments as those [Patent Owner] alleges he omitted . . . . 
Reply 22. 
 
9 Patent Owner made this argument with reference to Dr. Bungert’s 
preference to avoid restriction enzymes that have undefined nucleotides as 
part of their recognition sequence. Ex. 2055, 124:20–126:9 (“I would not 
prefer that but I would consider it”); Ex. 2056 ¶ 167. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
28 
Petitioner concludes that, after removing fragments identified by 
Patent Owner and Dr. Riley “that are duplicates, cut outside the restriction 
site, or are too large,” as explained by Dr. Bungert, Patent Owner’s proposed 
540 combinations is “reduced to only 8 combinations (i.e., 1 HS2 x 4 HS3 x 
2 HS4).” Id. at 23 (citing PO Resp. 51); Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 164–175 (Dr. Riley’s 
analysis concluding that “there should be at least 540 possible combinations 
of restriction enzymes for HS2, HS3, and HS4”). 
4. 
Patent Owner’s Sur-reply 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Bungert’s analysis “relies on Fig. 1a in 
the Nature Article as a precision guide and [is a] hindsight-driven approach.” 
Sur-reply 13. Patent Owner notes that at the time of the invention “a POSA 
would have recognized that there were no combinations of restriction 
enzymes that can provide the claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 LCR fragments 
with the actual fragment size (i.e., 840 bp for HS2, 1308 bp for HS3, and 
1069 bp for HS4, respectively) disclosed in the Nature Article.” Id. at 12. 
Further, Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner refused to consider PCR—a 
widely used, routine, and more efficient cloning technique that provides 
significant flexibility to clone HS fragments of a desired size and/or 
incorporate desired flanking restriction sites.” Id. at 12–13 (citing Ex. 2056, 
32; PO Resp. 42). 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Bungert’s use of the May Article as “a 
precision guide is misplaced.” Id. at 13. Patent Owner notes that one 
inventor, Dr. Sadelain, explained “Fig. 1a [of the May Article] is a cartoon 
merely to show proportionality between the HS fragments of the RNS1 
vector and those of the TNS9 vector.” Id. Patent Owner argues that 
Dr. Riley also explained that Fig. 1a is only a “cartoon” and “due 
to the substantial size discrepancies of over 200 bp in Fig. 1a, a 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
29 
POSA would at best view Fig. 1a as provid[ing] a . . . rough 
guideline” (emphasis added). (Ex. 1052, 143:3–4, 9–13). 
Petitioner cannot deny that it is not reasonable to use a cartoon 
as depicted in Fig. 1a that has “substantial size discrepancies of 
over 200 bp” to identify HS fragments within ± 20 bp – an 
unsupported, arbitrary size variability set by Dr. Bungert. 
Id. at 14 (alterations in original). Patent Owner further contends that 
In an attempt to reduce the hundreds of possible 
combinations of HS fragments identified by Dr. Riley, Petitioner 
simply eliminated the possible HS fragments having restriction 
sites that have undefined nucleotides as part of their recognition 
sequence, cut outside the recognition site, or cut frequently 
unless such an enzyme is recited in the claims. (Reply, 20–23). 
Clearly, Dr. Bungert’s arbitrary application of his own criteria to 
arrive at the claimed invention is hindsight-driven. 
Id. at 16; see also id. at 14 (“Petitioner arbitrarily awards itself some leeway, 
± 20 bp, to the sizes disclosed in the Nature Article—just enough to cover 
through hindsight the 17 bp size discrepancy of the claimed the HS2 
fragment.”). 
Patent Owner contends that while 
Dr. Riley[] conclusively showed in Opposition that the Nature 
Article would have presented the POSA with upwards of 560 
combinations of restriction enzyme choices, Petitioner attempts 
to pare down these options without supporting their attorney 
arguments with a declaration by their scientific expert, 
Dr. Bungert. 
Id. at 17. Patent Owner further contends 
Petitioner[’]s unsupported analysis of the HS fragments 
identified by Dr. Riley, in addition to eliminating HS fragments 
by arbitrarily excluding restriction enzymes, also makes 
numerous errors. For HS2 fragments, Petitioner is incorrect that 
“SnaBI-SacI is 819-bp.” (Reply, 21). SnaBI cleaves at position 
804, and SacI cleaves at position 1631, resulting in a fragment of 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
30 
828 bp, which is within ± 20 bp size variability as applied. (Ex. 
2056, Appendix C, 177, see, e.g., combination No. 241). 
Id. at 20; see also id. at 20–23 (Patent Owner summarizing additional 
asserted errors resulting in the exclusion of certain enzymes). 
Patent Owner contends that “Petitioner is incorrect that ‘MaeII and 
TaiI cut in the same location as SnaBI, and EcoICRI cuts in the same 
location as SacI’ by incorrectly assuming that isoschizomers must cut in the 
same location.” Id. at 20. For example, Patent Owner contends that the 
MaeII cut location is A↓CGT, whereas the SnaBI cut location is TAC↓GTA. 
Id. at 20–21 (citing Ex. 1026, 8, 10). As such, “[b]ecause these restriction 
enzymes cut in different locations, the resulting fragments do not have 
identical fragment lengths as asserted by Petitioner.” Id. at 21. 
5. 
Discussion 
Based on our consideration of the entire record, we determine that 
Petitioner has failed to show by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
Challenged Claims are rendered obvious by the May Article. While we 
appreciate that the May Article discloses an LCR construct that drives ß-
globin expression, we find that the May Article lacks sufficient detail to 
teach or suggest the very specific LCR fragment encompassed by the 
Challenged Claims, specifically, the LCR fragment comprising the recited 
BstXI and SnaBI H52-spanning nucleotide fragment, BamHI and HindIII 
H53-spanning nucleotide fragment, BamHI and BanII H54-spanning 
nucleotide fragment. 
To begin, it is undisputed that the May Article does not disclose 
whether its LCR fragment was made using PCR or restriction enzymes. 
Further, while we agree with Petitioner that the May Article does not teach 
away from the use restriction enzymes to make the May Article fragment, 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
31 
we note also the lack of any teaching in the May Article directing a person 
of ordinary skill in the art towards the use of restriction enzymes or, 
likewise, away from the use of PCR as a method of manufacture. Pet. 30 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 106). As Petitioner acknowledges, the May Article is 
silent on whether the disclosed LCR fragment was made using PCR or 
restriction enzymes. Reply 13. 
The record demonstrates that a person of ordinary skill in the art may 
have used PCR as a possible method of manufacture. This created numerous 
pathways for achieving an LCR fragment matching the disclosure of the 
May Article, which is not sufficiently accounted for in the Petition or in Dr. 
Bungert’s analysis. We credit the testimony of Dr. Riley and other evidence 
of record that PCR would have been a viable approach to make the LCR 
fragment disclosed by the May Article. Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 44–52, 119 (“multiple 
methods of manufacture of each fragment could be used, including through 
PCR”), 136–144, 209–212; Ex. 2068, 9–10, 34. For example, 
As Newton & Graham (1997) confirms, “[b]y virtue of the speed, 
sensitivity, specificity, and inherent simplicity of the PCR, it has 
become the method of choice for the above applications in most 
laboratories,” which includes cloning. (Ex. 2068 at 9–10.) This 
reference further explains that “[a]lmost any DNA sequence can 
be engineered and clones screened using PCR as a replacement 
for the conventional techniques of recombinant DNA 
technology, with considerable savings in time, effort and 
expense.” (Id. at 34.) 
PO Resp. 41 (alteration in original); see also Ex. 2056 ¶ 138 (same). Even 
acknowledging known issues from using PCR on genomic DNA (see, e.g., 
Ex. 2055, 32:24–33:25, 34:13–35:6, 42:12–43:12 (Dr. Bungert testifying 
that PCR requires “many more steps”); Ex. 1052, 71:24–25 (Dr. Riley 
testifying that “[m]utations can occur any time you’re doing cloning, . . . in 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
32 
PCR as well”); Ex. 1066, 41:3–4 (Dr. Sadelain testifying that “PCR is 
imperfect and can make a mistake”)), we find the evidence of record shows 
that PCR was a viable option to those in the art attempting to clone genomic 
DNA (see, e.g., Ex. 1066, 40:14–19 (Dr. Sadelain testifying that PCR 
requires “that everything would be sequenced”); Ex. 2056 ¶ 142 (“a POSA 
would understand sequencing can be used to verify sequences of PCR 
products and identify the clones without mutations”); Sur-reply 12–13 
(references cited therein). 
We have considered Petitioner’s argument that the “astronomical” 
number of possible fragments from using a PCR-driven approach would 
have discouraged its use and perhaps steered a person of ordinary skill in the 
art to the restriction enzyme-based approach. Reply 13; Tr. 33:16–22. 
Rather than support a conclusion that a POSA would have necessarily 
chosen the restriction enzyme-based approach, however, we find that 
argument to again highlight the lack of sufficient detail in the May Article to 
adequately guide a POSA to the claimed construct. To that point, we find 
that the May Article also lacks sufficient detail to guide a POSA to use 
restriction enzymes. 
Again, the May Article does not disclose how the disclosed LCR 
fragment was created, and there are no combinations of restriction enzymes 
that could achieve the claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 LCR fragments based on 
the actual fragment sizes disclosed by the May Article. PO Resp. 13, 42; 
Ex. 2002 ¶¶ 88–89; Reply 15–16; Sur-reply 12. Further to that point, we 
note that the lack of corroborating detail in the May Article forced 
Dr. Bungert to make certain assumptions, such as to assume a +/- 20 bp 
margin of error for which to choose restriction enzymes producing the 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
33 
recited fragment sizes. We are not persuaded, however, that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have deviated from the May Article’s 
teachings in the exact manner outlined by Dr. Bungert given the natural 
discrepancies between the fragment sizes disclosed in the May Article and 
the fragment sizes achieved by Dr. Bungert’s preferred enzymes. 
More specifically, we are not persuaded that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art would have assumed that the LCR fragment disclosed by the May 
Article was necessarily produced using restrictions enzymes. Even if 
artisans at the time of the invention would have selected the restriction 
enzyme-based approach in an attempt to recreate the May Article’s LCR 
fragment, that is insufficient to support Petitioner’s contention that “a POSA 
would have identified only six possible combinations of restriction enzyme 
fragments.” Pet. 31. As discussed above, PCR would have been a viable 
alternative for the creation to May Article’s LCR fragment, which greatly 
expands the number of possibilities for an LCR construct driving ß-globin 
expression conforming to the specifications disclosed in the May Article. 
See also Ex. 2002 ¶ 107 (“A POSA would appreciate that unlike directly 
cutting genomic DNA using restriction enzymes, which are limited to 
restriction sites available on the LCR, the PCR method is not limited to 
restriction sites and can be used to cleave at any base pair. . . . Thus, for each 
fragment, hundreds of, if not thousands of, different options existed.”). 
Furthermore, even assuming PCR would not have been viable 
alternative, we find that the evidence of record fails to support Petitioner’s 
conclusion that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
that only six combinations of fragments were possible using the restriction 
enzyme approach as asserted by Petitioner and Dr. Bungert. Pet. 31; 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
34 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 112–117. Here, we credit Patent Owner’s argument and Dr. 
Riley’s analysis that certain enzymes were not accounted for by Dr. Bungert, 
and when those enzymes are accounted, the number of possible 
combinations is greater than six. For example, the evidence of record 
supports Patent Owner’s assertion that Dr. Bungert’s exclusion of MaeII 
because it cuts in the same location as SnaBI was incorrect, and as such, 
additional combinations were unaccounted for in Dr. Bungert’s analysis. 
Sur-reply 20–21 (citing Ex. 1026, 8, 10). As Patent Owner demonstrates, 
MaeII and SnaBI cut in different locations, and thus, while potentially 
equivalent, would have created different fragments. See id. at 20–21; 
Ex. 1026, 8, 10. Accordingly, Dr. Bungert has not demonstrated a 
persuasive reason to exclude the MaeII restriction enzyme from his analysis. 
Taken together, while we appreciate that Dr. Bungert’s analysis 
resulted in six possible combinations of restriction enzyme fragments (Ex. 
1002 ¶¶ 112–117), that analysis involved a number of steps, where each step 
required certain assumptions to be made, the first of which would have been 
whether to use PCR or restriction enzymes as the method of manufacture. 
Each assumption made adds a branch to a decision tree that, while 
potentially leading to the creation of an LCR fragment, would greatly 
increase the number of possible combinations. Thus, we determine that, 
only with the benefit of hindsight, would a person of ordinary skill in the art 
have followed the path articulated by Dr. Bungert such that the exact LCR 
fragment encompassed by the claim could have been achieved. 
Accordingly, we determine that Petitioner has failed to establish that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art, using the May Article as a guide, was 
provided “a finite number of identified, predictable solutions” from which to 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
35 
achieve the claimed restriction enzyme fragments of the Challenged Claims. 
KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 421 (2007). Accordingly, for at 
least the foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has not established 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 19, and 22 are rendered 
obvious by the May Article. 
F. Ground 4: Petitioner’s Assertion that Claims 1, 10, 19, and 22 
would have been Obvious over the May Abstract 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 10, 19, and 22 are rendered obvious by 
the May Abstract. Pet. 36–42. Patent Owner raises multiple 
counterarguments. PO Resp. 54–59. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, we 
determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of 
evidence that claims 1, 10, 19, and 22 would have been obvious over the 
May Abstract. Our analysis follows. 
We first summarize aspects of the May Abstract. 
1. 
May Abstract 
The May Abstract describes producing therapeutic levels of β-globin 
by lentiviral-mediated transfer of the human β-globin gene and large locus 
control region elements in long-term bone marrow chimeras. Ex. 1006, 
S248. The May Abstract describes using recombinant lentiviruses to 
efficiently transfer and faithfully integrate “the human ß-globin gene 
together with large segments (3.2 kb) of its locus control region (LCR).” Id. 
The May Abstract discloses the TNS9 vector, which includes large LCR 
segments encompassed by hypersensitive sites 2, 3, and 4. Id. The “large 
LCR fragments incorporated into the TNS9 lentiviral vector increased the 
probability and level of globin expression in vitro and in vivo.” Id. at S249. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
36 
2. 
Discussion 
Petitioner asserts that the May Abstract discloses a recombinant 
vector TNS9, including a nucleic acid encoding human β-globin operably 
linked to a 3.2 kb nucleotide fragment which consists essentially of three 
contiguous nucleotide fragments obtainable from a human β-globin locus 
control region (LCR). Pet. 36–38. Petitioner also asserts that the May 
Abstract discloses that the vector provides expression of the globin in a 
mammal in vivo, as required by the challenged claims. Id. at 41. 
Petitioner asserts that the May Abstract “teaches or suggests the 
restriction sites bounding the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments as recited in 
claim 1, especially in light of what a POSA would have known at the time of 
the alleged invention.” Id. at 38 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 145–165). Specifically, 
Petitioner asserts that “a POSA would have made use of the well-known 
LCR map and then-commercially available restriction enzymes to identify 
HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments that fit a 3.2 kb LCR.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 150–159, Appendices A–D). 
Petitioner asserts here again that the entire map of the LCR was 
available as early as 1985 in the Genbank database. Id. at 28–29, 38 (citing 
Ex. 1016, 14903–05, Fig. 2; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 104–105, 146–149). Petitioner 
further asserts that “by July 1, 2002, a finite number of restriction enzymes, 
including BstX1, SnaBI, BamHI, HindIII, and BanII, were available for sale 
through commercial sources such as New England Biolabs.” Id. at 30, 38 
(citing Ex. 1019, r192–93, r198–99, r207; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 106, 146–149). 
According to Petitioner, by applying conventional techniques, “a 
POSA would have grouped fragments having substantially similar flanking 
sequences into ‘clusters’ of fragments expected to lead to comparable levels 
of globin expression.” Id. at 38–39 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 150–159). As a 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
37 
result, Petitioner asserts that “a POSA would have identified 135 possible 
combinations of HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragment clusters—one of which 
includes the fragments recited in claim 1, and all of which would have been 
reasonably expected to provide globin expression in a mammal in vivo.” Id. 
at 39 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 159). 
Patent Owner argues that the May Abstract does not teach or suggest 
“the three fragments being a BstXI and SnaBI HS2-spanning nucleotide 
fragment of said LCR, a BamHI and HindIII HS3-spanning nucleotide 
fragment of said LCR and a BamHI and BanII HS4-spanning nucleotide 
fragment of said LCR,” as recited in claim 1. PO Resp. 52. Patent Owner 
contends that the May Abstract suffers from the same deficiencies as the 
May Article, with the added deficiency of lacking certain disclosure as to the 
nature of the disclosed HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments. Id. at 52–53. More 
specifically, Patent Owner contends that 
the May Abstract does not disclose (i) whether or not the large 
LCR segment additionally contains HS1, HS5, or both; (ii) 
whether or not the large LCR segment contains one or more 
copies of HS1, HS2, HS3, HS4, or HS5 (e.g., two copies of HS1, 
HS2, HS3, HS4, or HS5); (iii) whether or not HS1, HS2, HS3, 
HS4, or HS5 overlaps entirely or partially with each of their core 
elements; (iv) how HS2, HS3, and HS4 are arranged, such as 
whether HS2, HS3, and HS4 are arranged in the order of HS2-
HS3-H4 or other order (e.g., HS3-HS2-HS4); and (v) the size of 
each of the HS fragments. (See Ex. 2056 at ¶193.) 
Id. 
Based on our consideration of the record, we agree with Patent Owner 
that Petitioner has not shown that a skilled artisan would have been 
motivated with a reasonable expectation of success in arriving at the claimed 
invention based on the teachings and suggestions of the May Abstract. As 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
38 
acknowledged by Petitioner, the May Abstract does not disclose the 
restriction sites bounding the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments as recited in 
claim 1. Pet. 38. Unlike the May Article, the May Abstract also does not 
disclose the length for the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments. As a result, 
Petitioner argues here that “a POSA would have made use of the well-
known LCR map and then-commercially available restriction enzymes to 
identify HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments that fit a 3.2 kb LCR.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 150–159, Appendices A–D). To narrow those results, Petitioner 
asserts that “a POSA would have grouped fragments having substantially 
similar flanking sequences into ‘clusters’ of fragments expected to lead to 
comparable levels of globin expression.” Id. at 38–39 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 150–159). Without providing much more detail, Petitioner concludes that 
“a POSA would have identified 135 possible combinations of HS2, HS3, 
and HS4 fragment clusters—one of which includes the fragments recited in 
claim 1, and all of which would have been reasonably expected to provide 
globin expression in a mammal in vivo.” Id. at 39 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 159). 
In view of the limited disclosures in the May Abstract, we agree with 
Patent Owner that Petitioner’s rationale that it would have been obvious to 
make three different nucleotide fragments having the exact same restriction 
sites as recited in claim 1 based on the May Abstract disclosure that the 
entire LCR region is 3.2 kb in length appears to be based on impermissible 
hindsight. PO Resp. 52. Further, as Patent Owner asserts, Petitioner and 
Dr. Bungert fail to adequately explain and support their methodology for 
arriving at their identified 135 possible combinations of HS2, HS3, and HS4 
fragment clusters, which include the fragments recited in claim 1. See id. at 
56–59. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
39 
Accordingly, for at least the foregoing reasons, we find that Petitioner 
has not shown by a preponderance of evidence that claims 1, 10, 19 and 22 
are rendered unpatentable as obvious by the May Abstract. 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
In summary: 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. § Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 19, 22 
102 
May Thesis 
 
1, 19, 22 
1, 19, 22 
102 
May Article 
 
1, 19, 22 
1, 19, 22 
103 
May Article 
 
1, 19, 22 
1, 10, 19, 22 
103 
May Abstract 
 
1, 10, 19, 22 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1, 10, 19, 22 
 
VI. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1, 10, 19, 22 of the ’179 patent are unpatentable; and 
 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2023-00070 
Patent 7,541,179 B2 
 
40 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Naveen Modi 
Eric Dittmann 
Daniel Zeilberger 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
ericdittmann@paulhastings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Michael Glynn 
Joe Chen 
Howard Suh 
James McConnell 
Wanda French-Brown 
FOX ROTHSCHILD LLP 
mglynn@foxrothschild.com 
joechen@foxrothschild.com 
hsuh@foxrothschild.com 
jmcconnell@foxrothschild.com 
wfrench-brown@foxrothschild.com