--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 44 
571-272-7822 
Entered: November 13, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
BTC CORPORATION, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
TG BIOTECH CO., LTD., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
 
Before ULRIKE W. JENKS, JAMES A. WORTH, and 
RYAN H. FLAX, Administrative Patent Judges. 
JENKS, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
Granting Patent Owner’s Motion to Strike 
37 C.F.R. 42.64 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
A. 
Background and Summary 
In this inter partes review, BTC Corporation (“Petitioner”) challenges 
claims 1–13 (14–17 are not challenged) of U.S. Patent No. 8,357,786 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’786 patent”) assigned to TG Biotech Co., Ltd. (“Patent 
Owner”). Paper 2 (“Pet.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. This Final Written 
Decision, issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a), addresses issues and 
arguments raised during the trial in this inter partes review. For the reasons 
discussed below, we determine that Petitioner has failed to prove by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–13 of the ’786 patent are 
unpatentable (see 35 U.S.C. § 316(e) (2018) (“In an inter partes review 
instituted under this chapter, the petitioner shall have the burden of proving a 
proposition of unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence.”)). 
B. 
Procedural History 
On May 5, 2022, Petitioner filed its Petition seeking inter partes 
review of claims 1–13 of the ’786 patent. On August 17, 2022, Patent Owner 
filed a Preliminary Response (see Paper 6, “Prelim. Resp.”). Pursuant to 
35 U.S.C. § 314, we instituted inter partes review of challenged claims 1–13 
of the ’786 patent on November 15, 2022 (Paper 7, “Decision” or “Dec.”). 
After institution of trial, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 20, 
“PO Resp.”), to which Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 25, “Reply”), and 
Patent Owner, in turn, filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 32, “Sur-Reply”). 
With the Board’s authorization, Patent Owner also filed a Motion to 
Strike Exhibit 1038. Paper 35 (citing Ex. 3003, “Motion”). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
3 
A prehearing conference call was held on August 18, 2023 to discuss 
various matters. Paper 38. We note that Petitioner has withdrawn its 
unpatentability Ground E, based on Huh. Id. (citing PO Resp. 60 (citing 
Ex. 3002, 3 (“Petitioner withdraws Ground E of the Petition and will not 
pursue this ground any further.”); see Pet. 64–67. 
Oral argument was held on August 31, 2023. A transcript of the oral 
argument is included in the record. (Paper 43, “Hearing Trans.”). 
C. 
Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself, BTC Corporation, as the real party-in-
interest. Pet. 4. Patent Owner identifies itself, TG Biotech Co., Ltd., as the 
real party-in-interest. Paper 4, 2. 
D. 
Related Matters 
Petitioner states that “[t]here are no judicial or administrative matters 
in the United States that would affect or be affected by a decision in this 
proceeding.” Pet. 4. Patent Owner agrees. Paper 4, 2. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
4 
E. 
Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–13 of the ’786 patent are 
unpatentable on the following grounds: 
Pet. 6. Petitioner relies on, inter alia, the Declarations of Neal Davies, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 1003; Ex. 1035) and Seung Su Lee, Ph.D. (Ex. 1013; Ex. 1017). Patent 
 
1 In the Petition, Petitioner asserted one additional ground directed to claims 
8, 9, and 12 based on US Patent Pub. No. 2006/0246163 A1, published 
November 2, 2006 (Ex. 1020) (“Huh”). Pet. 64–67. That ground has been 
withdrawn by Petitioner. See Ex. 3002, 3. 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”) included revisions to 
35 U.S.C. § 103 that became effective on March 16, 2013. Because the ’786 
patent issued from an application filed before March 16, 2013, we apply the 
pre-AIA versions of the statutory bases for unpatentability. 
3 US Patent No. 5,776,460, issued July 7, 1998 (Ex. 1005). The parties refer 
to this reference as “Kim 460;” we do the same. 
4 Razmovski-Naumovski, V., et al., Chemistry and pharmacology of 
Gynostemma pentaphyllum, PHYTOCHEMISTRY REVIEWS 4:197–219 (2005) 
(Ex. 1007). The parties refer to this reference as “Razmovski;” we do the 
same. 
5 In the “Grounds of Challenge” table, it appears that Petitioner inadvertently 
switched Ground B with Ground C. See Pet. 6, 41, 47. 
6 Korean Pub. No. 10-2006-0063041, published June 12, 2006. We refer to 
the English-language translation of Kang provided by Petitioner (Ex. 1010). 
7 Korean Pub. No. 10-2007-0109282, published November 15, 2007. We 
refer to the English-language translation of Baek provided by Petitioner 
(Ex. 1008). 
8 International Pub. No. WO 2008/140178 A1, published November 20, 
2008 (Ex. 1006). The parties refer to this reference as “WO 178;” we do the 
same. 
Claim(s) Challenged1 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–13 
103(a) 
Kim 460,3 Razmovski4 
1–135 
103(a) 
Kim 460, Kang,6 Baek7 
8–10, 12, 13 
103(a) 
WO 178,8 Razmovski 
1–13 
103(a) 
WO 178, Kang 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
5 
Owner relies upon, inter alia, the Declaration of Valentina Naumovski, 
Ph.D. Ex. 2011. 
F. 
The ’786 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’786 patent is titled “Method for Preparing Gynostemma 
Pentaphyllum Extract with Increasing Damulin A and Damulin B Contents, 
and Pharmaceutical Compositions of the Same for Treating Metabolic 
Disease.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’786 patent “relates to a method for 
preparing a novel composition-containing Gynostemma pentaphyllum 
extract, in which a Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract is treated with high 
temperature and high pressure, thereby increasing contents of damulin A and 
damulin B (active ingredients for AMPK [(AMP-activated protein kinase)] 
activation)” and “a method for using a novel Gynostemma pentaphyllum 
extract with a novel composition having increased contents of damulin A 
and damulin B to efficiently treat and improve metabolic syndrome[s] 
including obesity, diabetes, hyperlipidaemia, or the like.” Id. at 1:19–29. 
The ’786 patent explains that AMPK is a heterotrimer protein that 
exists generally in muscle cells in abundance and “plays an important role in 
appetite regulation, weight regulation, blood glucose regulation, and blood 
lipid metabolism regulation, or the like.” Id. at 1:31–38. The ’786 patent 
further explains that Gynostemma pentaphyllum is a perennial vine of the 
family Cucurbitaceae and an extract tea derived from such has been used for 
a variety of ailments, such as constipation, diarrhea, asthma, and bronchitis, 
and provided health benefits, including restoring internal organ functions, 
maintaining healthy skin, and relieving pain and ulcers from stress. Id. at 
2:27–41. It is known that “a Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract can improve 
metabolic syndrome, including insulin resistance, obesity, and 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
6 
hyperlipidaemia, by increasing the activity of AMP-activated protein kinase 
(AMPK).” Id. at 2:42–45. 
The ’786 patent purports to have found, “through the analysis of the 
components of the Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract” “that damulin A and 
damulin B included in the Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract are influential 
in the activity of AMPK” and provides a “novel Gynostemma pentaphyllum 
extract with a novel composition having increased contents of damulin A 
and damulin B” that “was determined to have a better capability for 
phosphorylation and enzymatic activation of AMPK, than a conventional 
Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract.” Id. at 2:46–56. 
The ’786 patent discloses that 
2α,3β,12β-trihydroxydammar-20(22)-E,24-diene-3-O-[β-D-
glucopyranosyl-(1→)-β-D-glucopyranoside] named “damulin 
A” and 2α,3β,12β-trihydroxydammara-20,24-diene-3-O-[β-D-
glucopyranosyl-(1→)-β-D-glucopyranoside] named “damulin 
B”, which are novel dammarane-based saponins and have a 
capability for enzymatic activation of AMP-activated protein 
kinase (AMPK), are separated and analyzed from a Gynostemma 
pentaphyllum extract by using HPLC and NMR. The damulin A 
and the damulin B have the following structures. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
7 
 
Id. at 3:3–48. The process of separating the damulins from a Gynostemma 
pentaphyllum extract and the preparation of the Gynostemma pentaphyllum 
extract include extracting from dried Gynostemma pentaphyllum leaves 
using an ethanol aqueous solution having a volume 10 to 20 times as large as 
the volume of the leaves, taking out a first supernatant, adding an ethanol 
aqueous solution (6 to 20 times), taking out a second supernatant through a 1 
to 8 hour extraction at 65–95° C, putting the first and second supernatants 
together and filtrating to result in an extracted product, concentrating to 
provide a Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract concentrate (referred to as 
“TG1022”), and then treating the TG1022 with a high temperature and a 
high pressure to provide a Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract concentrate 
having increased contents of damulins (referred to as “TG1022F”). Id. at 
3:49–4:3. 
In its “EXAMPLE 1,” the ’786 patent discloses separation of damulin 
as an AMPK activating material from a Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract, 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
8 
in which “5 kg of dried Gynostemma pentaphyllum leaves was dipped in 50 
l[iters] of 50% ethanol, and then, after [a] first extraction at 90° C. for 6 
hours, a first supernatant was collected” and to “the residual ethanol-dipped 
material of the Gynostemma pentaphyllum leaves, 50 1[iters] of 50% ethanol 
was again added, and then a second supernatant was collected through 6 
hour extraction at 90° C.” Id. at 7:35–46. In its “EXAMPLE 6,” the ’786 
patent discloses preparation of Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract having 
increased damulin contents through treatment of high temperature and high 
pressure, in which the “Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract (TG1022F) was 
prepared by performing a high temperature/high pressure reaction or a ultra-
high pressure reaction on the conventional Gynostemma pentaphyllum 
extract (TG1022) obtained by ethanol extraction at room temperature and 
atmospheric pressure” and then in a high temperature/high pressure reaction, 
“a conventional high temperature/high pressure sterilizer (autoclave) or a 
ultra-high pressure reactor” is used. Id. at 12:15–45. Table 2 of the ’786 is 
reproduced below. 
 
Id. at 13:1–20. Table 2 shows various conditions for producing Gynostemma 
pentaphyllum extracts, which indicate an increase of damulin content in the 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
9 
Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract when high temperatures and high 
pressures are used. Id. at 12:65–67. 
G. 
The Challenged Claims 
Claims 1–13 are the challenged claims in this proceeding. See Section 
I.D. above. Claims 1, 8, and 10 are the independent claims challenged by 
Petitioner in this proceeding. Independent claims 1, 8, and 10, reproduced 
below, are illustrative of the claimed subject matter: 
1. A method for preparing a novel Gynostemma pentaphyllum9 
extract having increased concentrations of damulin A and damulin B, 
comprising the step of: 
subjecting an ethanol extract of Gynostemma pentaphyllum 
leaves to a temperature of about 40-125° C. and a pressure of 
about 1.2~1100 atmospheres for 1-24 hours to obtain 
increased concentrations of damulin A and damulin B, which 
are 0.7-7% (w/w) and 0.5-6% (w/w), respectively, based on 
the total weight of a dry powder of the novel Gynostemma 
pentaphyllum extract. 
Ex. 1001, 16:60–17:2. 
8. A pharmaceutical composition for improving and treating a 
metabolic syndrome, comprising at least one of at least 0.7% 
damulin A and at least 0.5% damulin B, represented by 
Formula 1: 
 
9 Gynostemma pentaphyllum, G. pentaphyllum and GP are used 
interchangeably throughout this decision. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
10 
 
and a pharmacologically acceptable carrier or excipient, wherein 
the metabolic syndrome is obesity, diabetes, or hyperlipidaemia. 
Id. at 17:25–18:3. 
10. A novel Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract comprising 
0.7-7% (w/w) of damulin A and 0.5-6% (w/w) of damulin B 
based on the total weight of a dry powder of the Gynostemma 
pentaphyllum extract. 
Id. at 18:7–10. 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. 
Principles of Law 
“In an IPR, the petitioner has the burden from the onset to show with 
particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. 
Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. 
§ 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review petitions to identify “with 
particularity . . . the evidence that supports the grounds for the challenge to 
each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent Owner. See 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
11 
Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 
(Fed. Cir. 2015) (discussing the burden of proof in inter partes review). 
To prevail in its challenge to Patent Owner’s claims, Petitioner must 
demonstrate by a preponderance of the evidence10 that the claims are 
unpatentable. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). A claim is 
unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that the subject matter, as a 
whole, would have been obvious at the time of the invention to a person 
having ordinary skill in the art. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex, Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 
406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of 
underlying factual determinations, including “the scope and content of the 
prior art”; “differences between the prior art and the claims at issue”; and 
“the level of ordinary skill in the pertinent art,” and any evidence of non-
obviousness, if presented. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 
(1966). 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
 
10 The burden of showing something by a preponderance of the evidence 
requires the trier of fact to believe that the existence of a fact is more 
probable than its nonexistence before the trier of fact may find in favor of 
the party who carries the burden. Concrete Pipe & Prods. of Cal., Inc. v. 
Constr. Laborers Pension Tr. for S. Cal., 508 U.S. 602, 622 (1993). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
12 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
Accordingly, a party that petitions the Board for a determination of 
unpatentability based on obviousness must show that “a skilled artisan 
would have been motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art 
references to achieve the claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so.” In re 
Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(citations omitted). 
B. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
The level of ordinary skill in the art is a “lens” through which we view 
the prior art and the claimed invention. Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 
1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001). The person of ordinary skill in the art is a 
hypothetical person presumed to have known the relevant art at the time of 
the invention. In re GPAC Inc., 57 F.3d 1573, 1579 (Fed. Cir. 1995). In 
determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, we may consider certain 
factors, including the “type of problems encountered in the art; prior art 
solutions to those problems; rapidity with which innovations are made; 
sophistication of the technology; and educational level of active workers in 
the field.” Id. 
Petitioner11 asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had “an undergraduate science degree and would also have a Ph.D. in 
 
11 Petitioner contends that we should give Dr. Naumovski’s testimony little 
weight because “Dr. Naumovski lacks a basis for this opinion. 
Dr. Naumovski testified that she had never had responsibilities in a lab that 
was developing pharmacological agents from biological sources.” Reply 18, 
(citing Ex. 1036, 21:15–19). “After completing her Ph.D. in 2005, she took a 
several years’ leave of absence. . . . Since returning to work in 2010, she has 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
13 
chemistry, pharmaceutical science, food science, or chemical engineering, 
and several years of experience with extraction and analysis of 
pharmaceutically active materials from plant-based materials in an industrial 
or academic setting” and “would [have] be[en] familiar with the structure 
and utility of saponins, and generally aware of the scientific literature related 
to the extraction and pharmaceutical utility of gypenosides from GP and 
ginseng.” Pet. 13 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 18). 
Patent Owner disagrees with Petitioner’s definition of the person of 
ordinary skill. PO Resp. 11. According to Patent Owner, “a POSA would 
have had an advanced degree, for example a Ph.D., in chemistry, 
biochemistry, pharmaceutical science, or a related field, or a Bachelor’s or 
 
primarily been a lecturer and not working in a lab or doing development.” 
Reply 21 (citing Ex. 1036, 120:16–20). 
Patent Owner responds that Petitioner’s reply “comprises ad hominem 
attacks on Naumovski, . . . despite Naumovski authoring the publication 
Petitioner relies on for Grounds A and B, and despite Naumovski’s 
numerous publications about Gynostemma pentaphylum (“GP”) 
outnumbering GP publications by Davies and Lee, combined.” Sur-Reply 4. 
“Petitioner fails to address Naumovski’s evidence of 1) impacts of purity 
level on concentration calculations and 2) availability of pure DB 
standards.” Sur-Reply 3 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 165–166, 150—51), see also id. 
at 31 (Dr. “Naumovski has published many times about GP including at least 
eight journal articles, one book chapter, one invited commentary, and five 
conference presentations during 2005-2010. Ex. 2015, Appendix A 
(publications 57–61, 63, 64, 68, Book Chapter publication 5, conference 
presentations 85-89)— more GP-related publications than Davies and Lee 
combined.”). 
 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s contention that we should 
disregard Dr. Naumovski’s testimony because she may have taken a leave of 
absence from work for a couple of years. The record supports that 
Dr. Naumovski not only meets the requirements of the person of ordinary 
skill in the art, but also appears to have relevant knowledge with respect to 
Gynostemma pentaphylum (“GP”) saponins. See Ex. 2015 (Appendix A). 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
14 
Master’s degree in chemistry, biochemistry, pharmaceutical science, or a 
related field, and at least two years of experience using techniques for 
extraction and characterization of plant-based materials.” PO Resp. 11 
(citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 74). Because there are more than 400 species of plants 
that contain saponins, Patent Owner disagrees that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art would be familiar with the structure and utility of saponins. Id. 
The level of skill in the art is a reference point for gauging what 
would have been obvious based on the reference disclosures. See Okajima, 
261 F.3d at 1355. In other words, the lens of the level of ordinary skill in the 
art does not change a prior art’s disclosure, though it may change one’s 
understanding of what is disclosed. Patent Owner, however, does not explain 
how its definition provides a reference point that would meaningfully alter 
the Petition’s assertions of obviousness. 
For purposes of this decision, we analyze the asserted prior art with 
respect to the level of skill set forth by Petitioner, but there would be no 
difference in the outcome of this Decision if we were to apply the level of 
skill in the art set forth by Patent Owner. 
C. 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review for a petition filed on or after November 13, 
2018, “claim[s] of a patent . . . shall be construed using the same claim 
construction standard that would be used to construe the claim[s] in a civil 
action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b), including construing the claim[s] in 
accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such claim[s] as 
understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution history 
pertaining to the patent.” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b); see Changes to the Claim 
Construction Standard for Interpreting Claims in Trial Proceedings Before 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
15 
the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, 83 Fed. Reg. 51,340 (Oct. 11, 2018) 
(codified at 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2019)) (amending 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) 
effective November 13, 2018). A term’s ordinary and customary meaning 
“is its meaning to the ordinary artisan after reading the entire patent.” 
Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1321 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 
Nevertheless, “it is always necessary to review the specification to determine 
whether the inventor has used any terms in a manner inconsistent with their 
ordinary meaning,” because “[t]he specification acts as a dictionary when it 
expressly defines terms used in the claims or when it defines terms by 
implication.” Vitronics Corp. v. Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1582 
(Fed. Cir. 1996). 
Petitioner requests construction of the terms “an effective amount for 
improving or treating the metabolic syndrome,” which is found in claims 
11–13, as meaning “an amount that produces any measurable amount of 
improvement in the metabolic syndrome” (Pet. 13–15 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 91)) and “[a] pharmaceutical composition for improving and treating a 
metabolic syndrome, comprising at least one of at least 0.7% damulin A and 
at least 0.5% damulin B . . . and a pharmacologically acceptable carrier or 
excipient,” which is found in claim 8, as meaning “a pharmaceutical 
composition that includes an extract with 0.7% and 0.5% of damulin A and 
damulin B[, respectively,] along with a carrier or excipient” (id. at 15–16 
(citing Ex. 1002, 64–65, 251–52, 280; Ex. 1001, 12:15–67, Table 2)). 
Patent Owner argues that “constructions are not necessary.” PO 
Resp. 11–12. 
We agree with Patent Owner and determine that it is not necessary for 
purposes of this Decision to construe any claim terms. See Vivid Techs., Inc. 
v. Am. Sci. & Eng'g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (only terms 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
16 
that are in controversy need to be construed, and only to the extent necessary 
to resolve the controversy). 
D. 
Overview of Asserted References 
1. Kim 460 (Ex. 1005) 
Kim 460 “relates to a processed ginseng product with enhanced 
pharmacological effects and to a drink composition containing the processed 
ginseng product.” Ex. 1005, 1:7–10. Kim 460 explains that ginseng is 
known to have various pharmacological effects ranging from preventing 
aging to providing anti-diabetic effects. Id. at 1:23–30. 
Kim 460 discloses enhancing these pharmacological effects by way of 
“a heat-treatment of a ginseng at a high temperature of 120° to 180° C. for 
0.5 to 20 hours so as to make a ratio of ginsenoside (Rg3+Rg5) to 
(Rc+Rd+Rb1+Rb2) of above 1.0.” Id. at 1:10–16. Fresh ginseng is used, 
which can be Panax ginseng, and preferably, the treatment is at a 
temperature of 120° to 140° C. for 2 to 5 hours, but the heating time can 
vary depending on the heating temperature. Id. at 3:13–25. To increase 
efficiency, the process may be performed in an airtight container such as an 
autoclave with the ginseng being soaked in water. Id. at 3:29–34. 
Alternatively, the processed ginseng may be extracted by using a solvent and 
then removing the solvent by concentrating or freeze-drying to obtain a dried 
powder form. Id. at 3:41–47. The solvent can be water, a lower alcohol such 
as methanol or ethanol, a lower ketone, or a mixed solvent. Id. at 3:48–51. 
The processed ginseng product can be used as a variety of medicinal agents 
or can be incorporated as a food product. Id. at 4:34–44. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
17 
Kim 460’s Table 1 is reproduced below. 
 
Id. at 6:5–26. Table 1 shows amounts of ginseng saponin components 
(ginsenoside Rb1, Rb2, Rc, Rd, and Rg3) obtained from various samples of 
ginseng some of which were heat treated and the ratios of 
(Rg3+Rg5)/(Rc+Rd+Rb1+Rb2). Id. at 5:35–6:26. 
Kim 460’s Table 2 is reproduced below. 
 
Id. at 6:50–63. Table 2 shows the amounts of saponin components of 
ginsenoside Rb3 and Rb5 in ginseng samples that were heated at 100°, 110°, 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
18 
120°, 130°, 150°, 160°, 180° and 200°C. for 2 hours in comparison to 
ginseng that was not heat-treated (“fresh ginseng”). Id. at 6:37–63. 
2. Razmovski (Ex. 1007) 
Razmovski is titled “Chemistry and pharmacology of Gynostemma 
pentaphyllum.” Ex. 1007, 1. Razmovski discloses that “[t]he dammarane 
saponins isolated from Gynostemma pentaphyllum, namely gypenosides or 
gynosaponins, are believed to be the active components responsible for its 
various biological activities and reported clinical effects” and that 
“Gynostemma pentaphyllum may complement the popular herbal medicine, 
Panax ginseng, as it also contains a high ginsenoside content and exhibits 
similar biological activities.” Id. (Abstr.). 
According to Razmovski, “G. pentaphyllum (usually dried material) 
can be extracted with a variety of solvents, including water, methanol and 
ethanol for the more polar material; ethyl acetate, petroleum ether and 
chloroform for the less polar material, using an open system or under 
reflux.” Id. at 3. Over 100 saponins have been isolated and identified from 
G. pentaphyllum. Id. Of those, eight saponins are the same as 
protoparaxadiol-type ginsenosides Rb1, Rc, Rb3, Rd, F2, Rg3, malonyl-Rb1, 
and malonyl-Rd that are found in P. ginseng, and together, these 
ginsenosides make up around 25% of the total gynosaponin in the plant. Id. 
at 4. “Total saponin content is reported to be about 2.4% of the dried herb.” 
Id. Razmovski provides Table 1 listing “Saponine structures [R1, R2, R3, 
R4, R5, R6, and R7] of the dammarane type in G. pentaphyllum.” Id. at 5–9. 
Razmovski discloses a study showing that G. pentaphyllum has a 
“lipid lowering effect” in rats and quails. Id. at 4. Another study shows that 
in rats, G. pentaphyllum extract reduced serum triglyceride (TG) by 53% and 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
19 
by 85% in a 4 days treatment and in a 12 days treatment, respectively. Id. at 
10–11. Clinical studies also show beneficial blood lipid change in 
hyperlipidaemic patients. Id. at 11–12. Other studies show that the saponin 
from G. pentaphyllum improves sensitivity to insulin receptors in diabetic 
rats. Id. at 10–11. 
3. Kang (Ex. 1010) 
Kang is titled “Composition Containing Ginsenoside Rg5 and Rk1 for 
improvement of Brain Function and Cognitive Function.” Ex. 1010, code 
(54). Kang explains that “[g]insenoside Rg3 (R), Rg3 (S), Rg5, and Rk1 are 
present in trace amounts in red ginseng and are known to have anti-epileptic 
effects.” Id. at 3. Kang discloses that ginsenoside Rg5 and Rk1 may be 
purified and separated from the roots of Panax plants containing ginseng 
saponin, such as Panax ginseng, or Gynostemma pentaphyllum which 
contains “a compound of the dammaran[e] backbone, and the like, leaves of 
these plants, tissue cultures of these plants, or extracts thereof with water or 
lower alcohols.” Id. at 4. 
Kang discloses a ginsenoside Rg5 and Rk1-containing pharmaceutical 
composition that “comprises 0.1 wt% to 50 wt% of the compounds based on 
the total weight of the composition” and discloses that the composition may 
further include “suitable carriers, excipients and diluents typically used in 
preparation of the pharmaceutical composition.” Id. at 4–5. 
In Kang’s “Example 1,” a composition containing ginsenoside Rg5 
and Rk1 is prepared by obtaining a methanol extract through reflux 
extraction of ginseng in methanol via heating at 130°C for 2 hours. Id. at 7. 
This example produces 20 g of a fraction containing ginsenoside Rg5 and 
Rk1. Id. In Kang’s “Comparative Example 1,” ginsenoside Rg3 is prepared 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
20 
by “a typical method of separating an extract from ginseng with an alcohol 
extraction solvent” in which “20 g of ginseng crude-saponin was prepared 
and heated at 120°C for 3 hours.” Id. This example produces “2.01 g of 
ginsenoside (20S)-Rg3 and 1.7 g of ginsenoside (20R)-Rg3.” Id. 
4. Baek (Ex. 1008) 
Baek is titled “Dammarane Compound-Containing Pharmaceutical 
Composition for Renal Protection.” Ex. 1008, code (54). Baek’s 
pharmaceutical composition is used for a variety of ailments such as renal 
disease and diabetic nephropathy. Id. at Claims 1, 3. The composition 
includes a dammarane compound as an effective ingredient which can be 
ginsenoside Rk3 or ginsenoside Rh4. Id. ¶ 4. Baek explains that dammarane 
is a triterpenoid compound and is mainly found in Panax species in nature, 
such as Panax ginseng, but “is also found in Gynostemma pentaphyllum 
Makino, which is not a Panax species.” Id. ¶ 6. Baek discloses that “[w]hen 
heated, dammarane generates Rg2, Rg3, Rh2, and Rh1 through release of 
glycosyl residues and then generates Rg5, Rk1, Rh3, F4, and Rh4 through 
dehydration at position 20.” Id. ¶ 9. Baek further explains that it is known 
the main ingredients of the ginseng extract include ginsenosides Rg3, Rg5, 
and Rk1, which exhibit renal protective activities. Id. ¶ 13. Baek purports to 
provide a pharmaceutical composition that includes dammarane compounds 
not present in nature and can be used for renal protection. Id. ¶ 15. 
Baek discloses that from a Panax species or a Gynostemma 
pentaphyllum Makino, 
dammarane is heated to 50°C to 200°C, specifically 120°C, for 
30 minutes to 10 hours, specifically 3 hours, followed by one or 
more, specifically three, filtration stages using reflux extraction 
in a solvent selected from the group consisting of lower alcohols 
or mixtures thereof, specifically CH3OH, and then the resulting 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
21 
filtrates are combined and concentrated under reduced pressure, 
thereby obtaining a CH3OH extract, which, in turn, is dried under 
reduced pressure, suspended in water, and separated into a 
CH2Cl2 fraction, an n-BuOH fraction, and an H2O fraction by 
sequentially using CH2Cl2 and water-saturated n-BuOH. Then, 
the fractions are dried by evaporation under reduced pressure, 
thereby obtaining CH2Cl2, n-BuOH, and H2O extracts, 
respectively. 
Id. ¶ 33. In another example, ginsenosides Rk3 and Rh4 are isolated by 
subjecting 1 kg of white ginseng to a heat treatment of 120°C for 3 hours, 
followed by three filtration stages using reflux extraction in CH3OH for 3 
hours. Id. ¶ 56. 
5. WO 178 (Ex. 1006) 
WO 178 “relates to a pharmaceutical composition and functional 
health food comprising an extract of processed Panax genus plant as an 
active ingredient for preventing and treating obesity and the use thereof.” 
Ex. 1006 ¶ 1. WO 178 explains that the plant belonging to the Panax genus 
has dammarane saponin as its most important ingredient and as an example, 
“Korean ginseng comprises high amount of ginsenosides, such as 
ginsenoside RbI, Rb2, Rc, Rd, RgI, Re and etc.” Id. ¶ 18. It is known to 
prepare a processed ginseng by high temperature and high pressure such that 
the main ginseng saponins, such as ginsenosides RbI, Rb2, Rc, and Rd, are 
changed into new saponin metabolites such as ginsenosides Rg3, Rg5, and 
RkI, that provide “new and more potent pharmacological effects.” Id. ¶ 19. 
One such Panax genus that has a root, stem, or leaf for this preparation is 
Panax ginseng. Id. 
WO 178 purports to provide “a pharmaceutical composition 
comprising an extract of processed ginseng so as to make a ratio of 
ginsenoside (Rg3+Rg5+Rk1) to (Rb1+Rb2+Rc+Rd) of over 1.0, as an active 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
22 
ingredient in an effective amount to treat and prevent obesity.” Id. ¶ 26. The 
composition may comprise a filtrate with a residue that is concentrated “to 
obtain [an] extract, as [the] active ingredient and pharmaceutically 
acceptable carrier, diluents or adjuvants to treat and prevent obesity.” Id. 
¶ 32. 
To make its composition, WO 178 discloses a process that includes 
autoclaving a dried plant material from the Panax genus at a temperature 
ranging from 70 to 150°C, preferably 100 to 130°C, for a period ranging 
from 2 to 6 hours, preferably 3 to 5 hours; mixing the material with 1 to 20-
fold, preferably, 3 to 10-fold weight (kg) of water, C1–C4 lower alcohol, 
such as methanol, ethanol, butanol or the mixtures thereof, preferably 
ethanol; and then heating for the period ranging from 3 to 10 hours, 
preferably 3 to 6 hours, by reflux extraction with water, cold water 
extraction, ultra-sonication or conventional extraction. Id. ¶ 44. 
E. 
Obviousness in view of Kim 460 and Razmovski 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–13 are rendered obvious under 
35 U.S.C. § 103(a) over Kim 460 and Razmovski. See Pet. 22–41; Reply 
1–24. Patent Owner disagrees. PO Resp. 33–50; Sur-Reply 1–32. We 
address the parties’ contentions below. 
1. Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner contends that “Kim 460 discloses that a ‘conventional use’ 
of its [ginseng] extractions is a medicinal agent.” Pet. 35 (citing Ex. 1005, 
4:40–41). Kim 460 suggests “that ginseng is commonly used for treating 
hyperlipidemia and diabetes, which are metabolic syndromes.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1005, 1:25–30). Specifically, Petitioner contends that Kim 460 “states 
that an extract [of ginseng] with increased levels of Rg3 and Rg5 is useful 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
23 
for treating diabetes.” Id. (citing Ex. 1005, 9:8–25). “Kim 460 teaches 
extracting saponins from ginseng using ethanol as a solvent . . . Kim 460 
heats ginseng or an extract of ginseng at 120°–180° C. for 0.5 to 20 hours.” 
Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1005, 3:13–23, 3:48–49, 4:21–22). 
Petitioner contends that Kim 460 teaches extracting saponins from 
ginseng using ethanol. Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1005, 3:48–49). The text from 
Kim 460 relied on by Petitioner is reproduced below: 
The solvent which may be employed herein includes a 
water, lower alcohol such as methanol, ethanol, etc., lower 
ketone such as acetone, methylethylketone, etc., supercritical 
fluid or mixed solvent thereof. 
Ex. 1005, 3:48–51 (emphasis added). 
Petitioner relies on Razmovski for teaching that Gynostemma 
pentaphyllum (GP) is a known equivalent for ginseng containing many of 
the same ginsenoside components. See Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 35 
(“interchanging GP as a source of ginsenosides of Rb1, Rb2, Rc, and Rd 
which are chemically and pharmacologically identical to the ginsenosides in 
Kim 460”), 102). Razmovski “shows that ginsenosides Rb1, Rb2, Rc and Rd 
are present in [(G. pentaphyllum)], and observes that ginsenosides make up 
25% of the saponin content of GP.” Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1007, 4 (Table 1)). 
According to Petitioner, “Razmovski teaches that GP contains a significant 
and useful amount of the same ginsenosides that are used by Kim 460.” Id. 
“Razmovski teaches that saponins in GP have ‘biological activities 
congruent to the very popular expensive herbal medicine, P. ginseng.’” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1007, 18). “Razmovski [similarly] discusses numerous studies 
finding that GP is effective for modulating lipid metabolism and 
hyperglycaemia.” Pet. 35 (citing Ex. 1007, 4, 10–13). Razmovski teaches 
that “[t]he major interest of G. pentaphyllum originated from its lipid 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
24 
lowering effects observed in animal models and human studies.” Ex. 1007, 
18. 
Based on the teachings in Kim 460 and Razmovski, Petitioner 
concludes that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have been 
motivated to substitute GP for the ginseng (as taught by 
Razmovski) in the process of Kim 460: heating a GP extract to 
120-180 °C in an autoclave for 0.5 to 20 hours to transform the 
Rb1, Rb2, Rc and Rd in the GP extract (as taught by Razmovski) 
to Rg3 and Rg5 and Rk1. 
Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 102). According to Petitioner, “[h]eating in an 
autoclave elevates pressure, and heating to the temperatures of 120° to 
180°C would increase the pressure to more than 1.2 atmospheres.” Pet. 23 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 41 (“The fact that heating a sealed vessel increases 
pressure is captured in the ideal gas law (PV=nRT).”). Petitioner concludes 
that “performing the process of Kim 460, using an extract of GP (as taught 
by Razmovski), must result in the same extract. Performing the same heating 
process, on the same product, produces the same results.” Pet. 26. 
Petitioner further contends that applying heat and pressure are known 
techniques for increasing the concentrations of therapeutic agents in a 
biological extract. Reply 5 (citing Ex. 1005, 1:23–30, 6:34, 9:23–25; 
Ex. 1006 ¶¶ 68, 69, 93, 140). Here, the same source material Rb1, Rb2, Rc 
and Rd is shown by Razmovski to be present in GP. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 35, 102); see also Reply 5 (“Patent Owner can hardly now dispute 
motivation. Patent Owner’s own expert suggested substituting GP for 
ginseng as a source of dammarane saponins in 2005, several years before the 
purported invention date. (Ex. 1022, 5).”). Petitioner concludes that it would 
have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art at the time the invention 
was made “to substitute GP for ginseng, as taught by Razmovski, in the 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
25 
process of Kim 460, and that substitution would result in an extract with at 
least 0.7% of damulin A and 0.5% of damulin B.” Pet. 36. 
2. Patent Owner’s Contentions 
According to Patent Owner, “Petitioner admits that the prior art did 
not disclose the Claimed Concentrations and attempts to fill the missing gaps 
using inherent obviousness theory based on Experimental Reports together 
with a post-filing publication.” PO Resp. 13, see also id. at 33 (“Petitioner 
admits that neither Kim 460 nor Razmovski discloses or suggests DA, DB, 
or the Claimed Concentrations. Pet. 3, 18, 23, 25; Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 76–79; 
Ex. 2005, 211:21–212:3.”). “Petitioner’s challenge turns on proving that 
DA, DB, and their Claimed Concentrations are inherently present when Kim 
460 is combined with Razmovski.” PO Resp. 34 (citing Pet. 3, 25). Patent 
Owner contends that “the Claimed Concentration limitations narrow the 
claims, and are not merely a ‘newly discovered function or property’ of the 
other limitations.” Id. In other words, Patent Owner contends that it is only 
by applying the claimed process method that the requisite concentrations of 
damulin A and damulin B are achieved. 
Patent Owner further contends that Petitioner’s experimental reports 
(Ex. 1013 and Ex. 1016) fail to establish that the combination of Kim 460 
with Razmovski achieves the claimed concentrations of damulin A and 
damulin B. PO Resp. 35. Specifically, Patent Owner contends that 
(a) “Petitioner did not adhere to methods disclosed in the prior art to obtain 
the experimental results” (id. at 35); (b) “[o]nly some of Petitioner’s results 
fall within the Claimed Concentrations” (id.); (c) “Dr. Lee admitted, the DB 
standard was impure, unreliable, and unstable” (id. at 36); (d) Petitioner 
cannot rely on Table 2 of the ’786 patent to establish inherency because 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
26 
Petitioner’s references fail to disclose or suggest the methods used to obtain 
those results disclosed in Table 2 of the ’786 patent (id.); and (e) the post-
filing reference relied on in the Petition also fails to support Petitioner’s 
conclusion (id.). 
3. Analysis 
Kim 460 teaches that “heat-treatment of a ginseng may be performed 
at a temperature of 120° to 180°C. for 0.5 to 20 hours, preferably at a 
temperature of 120° to 140°C. for 2 to 5 hours . . . in an airtight container . . . 
[with] a small amount of water . . . preferably soaked in water and then 
heated in a closed container.” Ex. 1005, 3:21–35. Kim 460 teaches that 
water, methanol, and ethanol are suitable solvents. Id. at 3:48–51. Most of 
the methods exemplified in Kim 460 treat the ginseng with either steam or 
by adding water to the ginseng and then heating the ginseng in an airtight 
container. See Ex. 1005,12 5:1–13 (examples 1 and 2), 5:35–41 
(Experimental Example 1). 
Kim 460 teaches heat treating ginseng “at a temperature of 120° to 
180°C. for 0.5 to 20 hours, preferably at a temperature of 120° to 140°C. for 
2 to 5 hours. The heating time varies depending on the heating temperature.” 
Ex. 1005, 3:21–24. The extraction protocols in Kim 460 include: steaming 
ginseng in an autoclave (id. at 5:1–12 (Examples 1 and 2)), further 
 
12 Kim 460 exemplifies an alcohol extraction of ginseng using methanol, 
followed by autoclaving the sample at 120°C for 4 hours. See Ex. 1005, 
5:15–22 (Example 3). Petitioner, however, does not appear to rely on this 
disclosure in Kim 460 in formulating their patentability arguments. See 
generally Pet. Patent Owner acknowledges that “Experiment 4 in Exhibit 
1013 used a single autoclave heat-extraction step and used methanol as 
solvent like the examples in Kim 460, [but] the DA/DB results were well 
below the Claimed Concentrations.” PO Resp. 42. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
27 
processing the steamed ginseng with methanol under reflux (id. at 5:26–33 
(Example 4)); adding water to ginseng followed by autoclaving (id. at 5:35–
46 (Experimental Example 1)). Petitioner’s Declarant, Dr. Davies, explains 
that heating in a closed container, including an autoclave, follows the ideal 
gas law and would raise the pressure inside the container. See Ex. 1003 ¶ 41. 
Kim 460 teaches that heat treating ginseng between 120 to 180°C 
significantly increases the Rg3 and Rg5 content compared to fresh ginseng. 
Ex. 1005, 6:65–7:3; see also id. at 6:49–64 (Table 2, showing highest Rg3 
and Rg5 content at 130°C treatment for 2 hours), see also id. at 6:5–25 
(Table 1 showing increase in Rg3 and Rg5 levels with extended heating). 
Kim 460 teaches that heat treated ginseng shows an increase in the 
vasodilation effect of the ginseng. See Ex. 1005, 9:9–22. Specifically, 
Kim 460 teaches that “activity of the processed ginseng having a ratio of 
ginsenoside (Rg3+Rg5) to (Rc+Rd+Rb1+Rb2) of above 1.0 according to the 
present invention was stronger about 50 fold than that of the original white 
ginseng extract which was not heat-treated at 50% vasodilation 
concentration.” Ex. 1005, 9:13–18. 
Razmovski teaches that “the saponin content of the [G. pentaphyllum] 
plant has become the centre of extensive investigation which includes a 
variety of biological activities congruent to the very popular expensive 
herbal medicine, P. ginseng. Both contain dammarane-type gylcosides, some 
of which are common to both plant species.” Ex. 1007, 18. Razmovski 
teaches that G. pentaphyllum is a more cost-effective source material for 
ginsenosides. Id.; see also Ex. 1022, 2 (“G. pentaphyllum could provide a 
variety of saponin types, an inexpensive source of saponins for 
pharmaceutical use and possibly, a substitute for P. ginseng”). In Table 1, 
Razmovski teaches that G. pentaphyllum contains the ginsenoside Rb1, Rb2, 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
28 
Rd, Rc, and Rg3 among the dammaranes listed. Ex. 1007, 9. Not only is 
G. pentaphyllum an art recognized equivalent for ginseng, Razmovski also 
suggests that the lower cost associated with G. pentaphyllum would further 
motivate the substitution. Id. at 18; compare Ex. 1005, 6:5–25 (Table 1 
listing ginsenoside Rb1, Rb2, Rc, Rd, Rg3, and Rg5) with Ex. 1007, 9 
(Table 1 listing ginsenoside Rb1, Rb2, Rc, Rd, and Rg3). Thus, Razmovski 
teaches that ginsenosides Rb1, Rc, Rb3, Rg3, malonyl-Rb1 and malonyl-Rd 
are found in G. pentaphyllum and are the same as those in P. ginseng. Id. at 
4. 
Table 1 of Kim 460 is reproduced, again (for convenience), below: 
 
Table 1 of Kim 460 shows that upon extended heating under pressure 
the ginseng saponin components levels of Rb1, Rb2, Rc, and Rd decreased 
over time while the saponin component Rg3 and Rg5 increased. Ex. 1005, 
6:5–25; see also Ex. 2015 ¶ 237. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
29 
Table 1 of Ex. 1019 is reproduced below: 
 
Table 1 of Ex. 1019, shows a change in ginsenoside content upon 
heating ginseng. Ex. 1019, 2. The ginsenoside component levels of Rg1, Rg2, 
Rf, Re, Rd, Rc, Rb1, and Rb2 decreased with increasing temperature 
treatment. Ex. 1019, 2 (Table 1); Ex. 2015 ¶ 238 (showing a graph of the 
content of Table 1 from Ex. 1019, however, omitting the results from Rg3 
and Rg5). We note that Table 1 of Ex. 1019, just like Kim 460, shows that 
upon heating ginseng, there is a concomitant increase in ginsenoside 
components Rg3 and Rg5 levels. 
“Obviousness does not require absolute predictability of success . . . 
all that is required is a reasonable expectation of success.” In re Droge, 695 
F.3d 1334, 1338 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (quoting In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1360 
(Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing In re O’Farrell, 853 F.2d 894, 903–04 
(Fed.Cir.1988)); Intelligent Bio-Systems, Inc. v. Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 
821 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (explaining that the expectation of success 
issue involves a showing of “a reasonable expectation of achieving what is 
claimed”) (emphasis added). 
Here, Petitioner relies on Kim 460 to show that heating ginseng, 
which contains the ginsenosides Rb1, Rb2, Rc, Rd, Rg3, and Rg5, results in a 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
30 
product that has increased levels of the Rg3 and Rg5 components. Kim 460 
teaches that ginseng with the higher Rg3 and Rg5 content is 50-fold more 
potent in their vasodilation studies than the non-treated samples. Razmovski 
teaches that G. pentaphyllum contains over 100 saponins and eight of those 
saponins are the same as protoparaxadiol-type ginsenosides Rb1, Rc, Rb3, 
Rd, F2, Rg3, malonyl-Rb1, and malonyl-Rd that are found in P. ginseng. 
Ex. 1007, 4. 
Knowing that G. pentaphyllum also contains ginsenosides Rb1, Rb2, 
Rc, Rd, Rg3, and Rg5, we find Petitioner’s conclusion that heating a 
G. pentaphyllum extract that contains these ginsenosides would similarly 
increase the ginsenoside levels of Rg3 and Rg5 is a reasonable inference from 
the cited references. Based on the teachings in Kim 460, we agree with 
Petitioner that it would have been reasonable to expect that the same source 
material, although derived from a different plant, would behave similarly to 
heat treatment. See Pet. 24. Because G. pentaphyllum is a less expensive 
starting material, we also agree with Petitioner that there is sufficient 
motivation to substitute G. pentaphyllum for ginseng in the methods of 
Kim 460. 
Neither Kim 460 nor Razmovski suggests the presence of damulin at 
any level. “[I]nherency may supply a missing claim limitation in an 
obviousness analysis.” PAR Pharm., Inc. v. TWI Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d 
1186, 1194 (Fed. Cir. 2014). “[T]he concept of inherency must be limited 
when applied to obviousness, and is present only when the limitation at issue 
is the ‘natural result’ of the combination of prior art elements.” Id. at 1195. 
Inherency may supply a missing claim limitation in an 
obviousness analysis. An inherent characteristic of a formulation 
can be part of the prior art in an obviousness analysis even if the 
inherent characteristic was unrecognized or unappreciated by a 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
31 
skilled artisan. It is long settled that in the context of 
obviousness, the mere recitation of a newly discovered function 
or property, inherently possessed by things in the prior art, does 
not distinguish a claim drawn to those things from the prior art. 
The Supreme Court explained long ago that it is not invention to 
perceive that the product which others had discovered had 
qualities they failed to detect. 
Persion Pharms. LLC v. Alvogen Malta Operations Ltd., 945 F.3d 1184, 
1189 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (citations, internal quotations marks, brackets and 
parentheticals omitted). 
In an effort to support an inherency argument, Petitioner provides 
experimental data and expert declarations. See Pet. 25–27; Ex. 1003; 
Ex. 1013 (Experimental Report-1);13 Ex. 1016 (Experimental Report-2); 
Ex. 1035. We next address the sufficiency of these disclosures. 
a) Experimental Methods 
Patent Owner contends that “Petitioner’s evidence is deficient and 
fatally flawed because Petitioner and its declarants admitted that the 
experiments did not adhere to the methods disclosed in the prior art, used an 
impure and unstable DB standard, and, despite using hindsight knowledge of 
the goal and conditions necessary to achieve it, produced results falling both 
inside and outside the Claimed Concentrations.” PO Resp. 13. Patent Owner 
argues that Petitioner’s results are, therefore, not the necessary natural result 
of the combination of elements explicitly disclosed in the prior art. Id. at 39 
(citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 174–184). 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s experimental protocols did 
not follow the methods in Kim 460 and Razmovski. PO Resp. 45. Because 
 
13 We refer to Exhibit 1013 and the “Experimental Report-1” 
interchangeably throughout this Decision. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
32 
Petitioner’s experimental methods deviated significantly from the prior arts 
disclosure, Patent Owner contends that they are, therefore, not probative of 
inherency. PO Resp. 45 (citing Glaxo Group Ltd. v. Apotex, Inc., 376 F.3d 
1339, 1349 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
Patent Owner contends that 
Case-dispositive admissions that Ex. 1013 did not follow the 
prior art, and instead added results-affecting steps and conditions 
not suggested by the references, and that the results fell inside 
and outside the Claimed Concentrations, and were calculated 
with a low purity reference standard and were unreliable, and 
manipulated by omitting calibration points and unsubstantiated 
calibration line corrections, mean that the Ex. 1013 results have 
little to no probative value and cannot be used to reach a legal 
conclusion of inherency. 
Sur-Reply 3–4. 
After considering the parties’ arguments and evidence developed 
during the full trial, we are persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments and 
determine that Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the evidence 
that based on the combination of Kim 460 and Razmovski that claims 1–13 
of the ’786 patent are unpatentable. We find that Petitioner has not provided 
sufficient evidence from which to conclude that the application of Kim 460’s 
methods as applied to the G. pentaphyllum starting material of Razmovski 
would necessarily result in the damulin levels as claimed. 
The protocol disclosed in Experimental Report-1 submitted by 
Petitioner applied water to the plant material and then raised the temperature 
to 130°C for 3 hours in an autoclave achieving a pressure of 1.56. mPa. See 
Ex. 1013, 10, 12–13. The extraction protocols of G. pentaphyllum actually 
used in the Experimental Report-1 (described in the section “4. Results”) 
differs from that described in section 3. of the report titled “Experimental 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
33 
Design”. Compare Ex. 1013, 10 (3. Experimental Design) with id. at 12–13 
(4. Result). The experiments applied to obtain the “Results” of the 
Experimental Report-1 utilize a second autoclave step and not the reflux 
extraction as described in the Experimental Design of the report. Compare 
Ex. 1013, 10 (3. Experimental Design) with id. at 12–13 (4. Result). The 
samples in Experimental Report-1 were then assayed for the following 
compounds: Gypenoside L, Gypenoside LI, Ginsinoside Rg3, Damulin A, 
and Damulin B. Ex. 1013, 26 (Tables 1–4). 
Kim 460 suggests heat treatment temperature in a range of 120–180°C 
for 0.5 to 20 hours. Ex. 1005, 3:21–23. Kim 460’s protocols fall within the 
following categories: 
(1) autoclave and steaming at 120°C for 4 hours (Ex. 1005, 5:2–6 
(Example 1); PO Resp. 41 (“In Examples 1 and 2, Kim 460 performed 
a single autoclave step and did not perform any extraction. Ex. 2015 
¶ 176; Ex. 1005, 5:1–13.”); 
(2) autoclave and steaming at 130°C for 2 hours (Ex. 1005, 5:9–12 
(Example 2)); 
(3) autoclave and steaming at 120°C for 4 hours followed by methanol 
reflux (Ex. 1005, 5:26–33 (Example 4); PO Resp. 41–42 (“Example 4 
processed ginseng obtained from Example 1 by reflux extraction (at 
unknown temperatures) using methanol in a water bath) for 4 hours. 
Ex. 2015 ¶ 176; Ex. 1005, 5:28–32.”); 
(4) adding sample and water to an airtight stainless-steel vessel and 
heating 110°C for 2 hours, 120°C for 2 hours or 3 hours, and 130°C 
for 3 hours, followed by a methanol extraction (Ex. 1005, 5:35–6:25 
(Table 1)); 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
34 
(5) heat treating at 100°C, 110°C, 120°C, 130°C, 150°C, 160°C, 
180°C, and 200°C for 2 hours (Ex. 1005, 6:25–65 (Table 2)), see also 
id. at 7:10–37 (utilizing a 4-hour heat treatment); 
(6) extraction in methanol under reflux in a water bath for 4 hours 
followed by placing the sample into an autoclave and heating at 
120°C for 4 hours before drying the sample at 60°C (Ex. 1005, 
5:15–24 (Example 3)). 
We agree with Patent Owner that Kim 460 does not apply a second 
autoclave step in any of the disclosed extraction protocols in contrast to the 
experiments presented by Petitioner. See PO Resp. 45; see generally 
Ex. 1005; Ex. 1013, 12–13; see Pet. 26–27. 
The protocols in Experimental Report-1 (Exhibit 1013) relied on by 
Petitioner to establish the requisite damulin A and damulin B levels based on 
the combination of Kim 460 and Razmovski, therefore, do not follow the 
protocols set out in Kim 460. Sur-Reply 1 (Petitioner failed to faithfully 
follow the prior art “admitting that . . . experiments neither followed any 
combination of the prior art nor showed the Claimed Concentrations were 
necessarily present therein.”), see also id. at 1–2 (Petitioner asserting that 
“performing a second autoclaving step ‘would not affect the results’ 
(Reply 13). This contradicts Davies’ statement that the second autoclaving 
exposed samples to 5- to 8-fold higher pressure than heating without 
autoclaving, and heating for an additional 4 hours in solvent. Ex. 1035 ¶ 42; 
Ex. 2017:168:18–169:20”). 
Claim 1 is a method claim, not a product-by-process claim, and 
requires subjecting an ethanol extract of G. pentaphyllum leaves to a 
temperature of about 40–125°C. Ex. 1001, 16:63-17:2. Patent Owner 
contends that Experimental Report-1 (Exhibit 1013) “cannot be used to 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
35 
establish inherency of [the method of] claim 1 of the ’786 patent . . . 
[because t]he methods described in Ex. 1013 do not correspond to the 
limitations of the method of claim 1.” PO Resp. 45–46 (citing Ex. 2015 
¶¶ 185–192). Specifically, claim 1 requires an ethanol extract of 
G. pentaphyllum that is then subjected to the heat treatment under pressure. 
PO Resp. 12–13. Because none of the experiments in Experimental Report-1 
apply an ethanol extraction step before applying the heat treatment under 
pressure, they are not probative for establishing inherency of claim 1. See 
Ex. 1001, 16:60–17:2 (claim 1). We agree with Patent Owner that 
Experiments 1–3 in the Experimental Report-1 do not utilize an alcohol 
extraction step. 
Experiment 4 in the Experimental Report-1 comes closer to the 
method of claim 1 because it uses an alcohol extract – methanol extract – 
that is then heated 60°C. See Ex. 1013, 26 (Table 4 - GP-M-01 and GP-M-
02), see id. at 13 (describing that the extract of GP-M-01 and GP-M-02 are 
obtained by “[p]ut 50g of GP into a 2L beaker and add 600 g of Methanol 
and seal tightly. Place the bottle into the autoclave and heat at 60°C for 4 
hours”). There is no evidence in the report, however, that this treatment step 
is under pressure. The damulin levels in that experiment are 0.17–0.18 % for 
damulin A and 0.18-0.2% for damulin B which are below the levels recited 
in claim 1 of the ’786 patent. See Ex. 1013, 26 (Table 4); see Ex. 1001, 
16:60–17:2 (claim 1). 
Patent Owner urges us to disregard Dr. Davies’ conclusion that the 
temperature difference between the upper temperature limit of the ’786 
patent claims – 125°C – and the temperature of 130°C used in Experimental 
Report-1 (Ex. 1013) is insignificant. PO Resp. 46 (citing Ex. 2015 
¶¶ 185–192; Ex. 1003 ¶ 45; 37 C.F.R. § 42.65(a) (“Expert testimony that 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
36 
does not disclose the underlying facts or data on which the opinion is based 
is entitled to little or no weight.”). Here, Kim 460 suggests a temperature 
range 120–180°C that overlaps with the temperature range of about 
40–125 C as recited in claim 1 of the ’786 patent, yet the Experimental 
Report-1 set the temperature at 130°C which is above the temperature 
recited in claim 1. 
Patent Owner contends that “Kim 460 demonstrates that increasing 
the temperature by 10 degrees (e.g. 120°C→130°C) increased Rg3 and Rg5 
concentrations by 5-fold.” PO Resp. 47 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 190; Ex. 1005, 
6:48–65 (Table 2)). We agree with Patent Owner that there is sufficient 
evidence in the record to support the position that increasing the temperature 
would increase the Rg3 and Rg5 levels. PO Resp. 47 (“Wu demonstrates 
that increasing the temperature by 10 degrees (e.g., 120°C (3h)→130°C 
(3h)) increases DA/DB concentrations by 4 to 5-fold. Ex. 1012, Table 2; Ex. 
2015 ¶191.”). This indicates that temperature is a result effective variable for 
manipulating the Rg3 and Rg5 product levels. 
We agree with Patent Owner that the disclosure in Experimental 
Report-1 (Exhibit 1013) is insufficient to establish the damulin 
concentrations of claim 1 of the ’786 patent as necessarily being the “natural 
result” of applying the methods of Kim 460. Here, the Experimental Report-
1 (Ex. 1013) does not utilize an ethanol extract of G. pentaphyllum, does not 
follow any of the experimental protocols set out in Kim 460, and does not 
apply a temperature within the range recited in claim 1 of the ’786 patent. 
Based on these deficiencies, we agree with Patent Owner that the disclosure 
in the Experimental Report-1 (Ex. 1013) is not sufficient to establish that the 
damulin levels as recited in claim 1 of the ’786 patent are the natural result 
of Kim 460’s methods. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
37 
Even though claims 8 and 10 do not have the same temperature, 
pressure, and solvent constraints as claim 1, we agree with Patent Owner’s 
expert “that the experimental methods used in Exhibit 1013 used a second 
autoclaving step and that performing a second autoclaving step was not 
disclosed in Petitioner’s prior art references.” Ex. 2015 ¶ 145 (citing Ex. 
2006, 105:16–18; 109:1–7; Ex. 2005, 114:2–115:1; 161:20–162:4). Because 
the methods in the Experimental Report-1 deviate from the disclosure of the 
references relied upon in the Petition, we agree with Patent Owner that the 
Experimental Report-1 (Exhibit 1013) is insufficient to establish that the 
damulin levels are necessarily the “natural result” of applying the methods 
of Kim 460 to G. pentaphyllum starting material. 
b) Results Unreliable / Impure Standard 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s use of a highly impure 
damulin B standard makes the results unreliable. See PO Resp. 16. “The 
amount of DB in the experimental GP samples in Exhibit 1013 cannot be 
accurately or reliably quantified because the DB standard used to prepare the 
calibration curve was too impure, produced a double peak on all of the 
chromatograms, and was unstable.” Id. (citing Ex. 2006, 22:10–24; 60:5–15; 
64:8–65:16; 67:8–15). In Experimental Report-2 (Ex. 1016) the damulin B 
levels could not be determined because “the standard used for damulin B 
was too low to determine the content, and a chromatography of damulin B 
sample showed a double peak.” PO Resp. 16 (citing Ex. 1016, 2; Ex. 1017 
¶ 19); Ex. 2015 ¶ 145. Patent Owner’s expert, “Dr. Naumovski explains that 
because there are one or more impurities that co-elute with the DB standard, 
it is not possible to accurately measure the peak areas that correlate only to 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
38 
DB because one will inevitably also include some portion of the overlapping 
impurities.” Id. at 17 (citing 2015 ¶¶ 143, 241). 
The damulin B standard used in the Experimental Report-1 did not 
come with “a certificate of analysis to verify the purity and identity of the 
DB standard, [where]as it did for DA, the manufacturer provided the 
‘Sample Information’ showing that the DB standard has a purity of 74% and 
contained other compounds.” PO Resp. 17–18 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 146–154, 
243; Ex. 1013, 6–7). According to Patent Owner, “Dr. Lee also admitted that 
the DB standard used in Exhibits 1016 and 1013 was unstable and the purity 
decreased over time.” PO Resp. 17 (citing Ex. 2006, 22:10–24:1; 24:17–24), 
see id. at 18 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 142–143, 234, Ex. 2006, 64:8–65:16; 
22:20–23:11; 60:5–15). Furthermore, “Dr. Lee testified that he used 70% as 
a correction factor in all of the calibration data for DB, but again did not 
disclose this fact or provide any data or experiments showing the 70% 
purity.” PO Resp. 18 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 241; Ex. 2006, 65:1–16); Ex. 2010, 
5–7, 15–17. 
Petitioner contends that “[w]hen using a standard with known 
amounts of impurity, it is appropriate to correct the calibration curve to 
account for the impurity. Reply 7 (citing Ex. 1035 ¶¶ 20 (“It is not necessary 
to use a 100% pure standard to create a reliable calibration curve.”), 32). 
Petitioner also contends that shoulders and split peaks are very common in 
HPLC procedures. Reply 12 (citing Ex. 1035 ¶ 53). 
Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Naumovski explains that overlapping peak 
areas makes calculation unreliable. PO Resp. 19 (citing 2015 ¶ 161); 
Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 142 (“a double peak is shown for damulin B in each of the 
damulin B chromatograms on each of pages 16-22 of Exhibit 1013 and also 
throughout Exhibits 1016, 1033, and 1034”); 159 (citing Ex. 2007). 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
39 
“If overlapping peaks are symmetric (Gaussian) and of equal size, 
there is no area error by integration. If they are o[f] non-equal size, the 
smaller one is too small, the large too large, irrespective of their order. If 
overlapping peaks are tailed (the usual case), the area of the first one is too 
small, the second one is too large.” Ex. 2007, 319. Figure 2 of Exhibit 2007 
is reproduced below: 
 
Figure 2 shows analyte distribution in overlapping chromatographic peaks. 
Ex. 2007, 320 (Figure 2). “Integration errors when overlapped 
chromatographic peaks are separated by a vertical drop. Top left: Both peaks 
are integrated correctly because they are of equal size and symmetrical. Top 
right: The area of the small peak is too small, irrespective of the elution 
order. Bottom [both panels]: In the case of tailing, the area of the second 
peak is too large.” Id. “The case of ‘rider peaks’ [see top and bottom right 
Figure 2 above], i.e. of a small peak sitting on the tailing edge of a much 
larger one, is a topic of itself.” Id. at 319. 
Experimental Report-1 provides chromatograms of the analyzed 
samples. See Ex. 1013, 14– 22. A blow up of GP-WW-01 (3rd trial) in 
Exhibit 1013 is reproduced below: 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
40 
 
The figure shows an asymmetric double peak. See Ex. 2015 ¶ 157 (citing 
Ex. 1033, 5; Ex. 1013, 15). 
Patent Owner’s expert, “Dr. Naumovski explains that, without 
completely resolving the peaks, the amount of DB determined to be in the 
experimental extracts is not accurate or reliable.” PO Resp. 19 (citing 2015 
¶ 161); Ex. 2015 ¶ 159 (citing Ex. 2007). “These impurities and overlapping 
peak areas make the calculations of the peak areas, and resultant calibration 
curves and concentrations in the samples unreliable as Dr. Lee testified.” PO 
Resp. 20 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 143; Ex. 1016, 2; Ex. 1017 ¶ 19; Ex. 2006, 
63:20–25; 64:8–12, 88:1–7, 96:2–97:2, 97:8–23). 
 
Petitioner contends that the objections raised by Dr. Naumovski with 
respect to the experimental results as shown in Experimental Report-1 
(Ex. 1013), have been reviewed by Dr. Davies and he concluded that each of 
those objections do not raise a legitimate cause for concern. Reply 21 (citing 
(Ex. 1035 ¶¶ 26–32, 50–52). “Dr. Davies has testified that the practices used 
by Dr. Lee for the extraction and heat treatment processes used equipment 
and processes that were common and conventional at the filing date of the 
‘786 patent and would be obvious in view of the references.” Reply 23 
(citing Ex. 1035 ¶ 52). 
According to Patent Owner, however, Dr. Davies’ testimony 
establishes he was not informed sufficiently about the experimental 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
41 
problems, and the evidence required for establishing inherent obviousness. 
Sur- reply 10–11 (citing Ex. 2005, 110:3–7; Ex. 2017, 16:12–19, 22:18–22, 
51:7–59:8, 62:6–63:14, 64:2–66:3, 115:6–11, 115:20–24, 119:4–6, 175:12–
17). Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s Reply and Dr. Davies’ “second 
declaration fail to provide persuasive reasoning or evidence that the Claimed 
Concentrations were necessarily present in the prior art . . . but admit that 
only some of the experiments . . . fell within the Claimed Concentrations, 
while some results indisputably fell outside the Claimed Concentrations.” 
Sur-Reply 5. 
After considering the parties’ arguments and evidence developed 
during the full trial, we determine that Petitioner has not shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that applying the methods of Kim 460 to the 
G. pentaphyllum starting material of Razmovski necessarily results in the 
damulin levels as claimed. We agree with Dr. Naumovski’s explanation that 
the use of an impure damulin B standard containing a double peak renders 
the results as shown in Exhibit 1013 unreliable. Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 141–143, 
162–173; see Ex. 2007. 
Dr. Naumovski further explains that the use of an impure standard 
would require the application of a correction factor, but this correction factor 
would need to be reassessed as the purity of the standard decreases over 
time. See Ex. 2015 ¶ 166. As Dr. Naumovski explains that applying a 
correction factor to the linear regression would result in a shallower slope. 
Ex. 2015 ¶ 165 (citing 2006, 71:12–73:5; 99:2–9). “Reducing the calibration 
curve slope increases the amount of damulin B calculated from the 
experimental extracts.” Ex. 2015 ¶ 165. However, in the Experimental 
Report-1 the same correction factor for the damulin B standard was used to 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
42 
quantify the measurements taken on different days. Ex. 2015 (citing 
Ex. 2006, 22:10–23:11; 23:24–24:1; 60:5–20; 64:13–65:16; 67:8–15). 
Finally, we also agree with Patent Owner’s expert that there was no 
reason to rely on impure damulin B standard when high purity damulin B 
standards were commercially available and should have been used to 
conduct experiments especially when trying to quantify the amounts of a 
particular compound, in this case damulin B. See Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 150–151. 
c) Damulin Levels Insufficient 
Patent Owner’s expert testifies that “a POSA cannot reliably quantify 
the amount of damulin B in the experimental extracts in Ex. 1013.” Ex. 2015 
¶ 157; PO Resp. 20 (Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 157–158; Ex. 2006, 63:23–25; 97:8–23). 
Here, “Dr. Lee [Petitioner’s expert] admitted that to quantify the peak areas, 
and thereafter calculate the amount of DB extracted, Petitioner drew a line 
straight down between the overlapping portion of the double peak in each 
instance.” PO Resp. 20–21 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 159; Ex. 1013, 15–22; 
Ex. 1033, 4–15; Ex. 2006, 96:2–10). Patent Owner contends that asymmetric 
peaks cannot be accurately or reliably quantified this way. PO Resp. 21 
(citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 159–160; Ex. 2007, 320). 
For the reasons discussed above (see II.E.3.b), we agree with Patent 
Owner that when the calculation is based on a tailing asymmetric peak, the 
area of the second peak is too large, thus reliance on such calculations is 
improper. Ex. 2007, 320 (Figure 2); Ex. 2015 ¶ 157 (citing Ex. 1033, 5; 
Ex. 1013, 15). 
Here, “Petitioner does not dispute that Experiments 1–3[] in Ex. 1013 
used methods not explicitly disclosed by prior art” and therefore the results 
are not ‘“the natural result of the combination of elements explicitly 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
43 
disclosed by the prior art, which is fatal to Petitioner’s challenges.” Sur-
Reply 6 (internal footnote omitted). Patent Owner contends, and we agree, 
that “[f]or experiments to prove the Claimed Concentrations were inherent, 
they must adhere to methods explicitly disclosed by prior art.” Sur-Reply 8 
(citing Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d at 1195-96; Eli Lilly & Co. v. Barr Labs., 
Inc., 251 F.3d 955, 970 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (inherency must “flow[] from the 
reference’s explicitly explicated limitations”)). 
According to Patent Owner, Petitioner used different methods to 
quantify the damulin B standard and the purported damulin B sample in the 
experimental G. pentaphyllum extracts. According to Patent Owner’s expert, 
Petitioner used the entire double peak to quantify “for the DB standard at 
each concentration to prepare the calibration curves for Trial 1 and Trial 2” 
and then applied the correction factor (0.7) to the whole peak area. PO Resp. 
21 (citing 2015 ¶¶ 162–163; Ex. 1033, 1, 3; Ex. 2015 ¶ 163; Ex. 2010, 1, 5). 
Petitioner’s expert “Dr. Lee acknowledged that applying the 0.7 correction 
factor would change the linear regression equation and result in a shallower 
slope.” PO Resp. 22 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 165; Ex. 2006, 71:12–73:5; 99:2–9; 
Ex. 2010). “[R]educing the calibration curve slope increases the DB amount 
calculated from the experimental extracts.” PO Resp. 22 (citing Ex. 2015 
¶¶ 165–166; Ex. 1013, 24). In essence, manipulating the correction factor is 
like putting one’s thumb on a scale to get a desired outcome. 
Patent Owner’s expert further noted that Dr. Lee conducted only two 
experiments several days apart without using a reliable internal standard to 
validate the quantification. PO Resp. 25 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 171–172; 
Ex. 2012, 225). “[T]he GP-**-02 results are systematically lower than GP-
**-01, but it cannot be determined which of GP-**- 01 and GP-**-02 is the 
outlier, and there is no intra-day measurement, or measurements within 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
44 
shorter number of days to validate the results.” PO Resp. 24 (citing Ex. 2015 
¶ 169). A person of ordinary skill in the art would “commonly perform[] 
experiments at least in triplicates to have a basic understanding of the 
statistical variation” and to figure out which of the two results is an outlier 
PO Resp. 26 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 195). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and evidence developed 
during the full trial, we determine that Petitioner has not shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that applying the methods of Kim 460 to the 
G. pentaphyllum starting material of Razmovski results in the requisite 
damulin levels as claimed. We agree with Dr. Naumovski’s explanation that 
the use of an impure damulin B standard containing a double peak render the 
results as shown in Exhibit 1013 unreliable. Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 141–143. 
Dr. Naumovski further explains that the use of impure standard would 
require the application of a correction factor, but this correction factor would 
need to be reassessed as the purity of the standard decreases. See id. ¶ 166. 
However, the same correction factor for the damulin B standard was used for 
quantifying the measurements taken in the Experimental Report-1 (Ex. 
1013) on different days. Ex. 2015 (citing Ex. 2006, 22:10–23:11; 23:24–
24:1; 60:5–20; 64:13–65:16; 67:8–15). “[W]hen correcting calibration 
curves, the calculated DB concentration can shift either inside or outside the 
Claimed Concentrations.” Sur-Reply 12 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 165); Ex. 2015 
¶ 159 (quoting Ex. 2007, 319) (“to avoid peak area integration errors ‘all 
peaks to be quantified should be fully separated in a chromatogram.’”). 
Based on the full record, we agree with Patent Owner’s position that “the 
low purity DB standard led to inaccurate and unreliable quantification of DB 
concentrations.” Sur-Reply 12 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 140–206). 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
45 
d) Reliance on the ’786 Specification 
Patent Owner contends that “Petitioner cannot show inherency by 
relying on results in Table 2 of the ’786 patent because Petitioner’s 
references fail to disclose or suggest [the same] methods used to obtain those 
results [set out in Table 2].” PO Resp. 36 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 331–332). 
Petitioner contends that “the methodology for creating TG1022 is not 
part of the claims nor does Patent Owner suggest that it contributes to 
patentability. In any event, creating an extract from plant material using a 
lower alcohol such as ethanol as a solvent, heating, and then evaporating the 
supernatants is taught by” prior art references. Reply 3. Petitioner contends 
that “[t]he heating conditions in Table 2 are consistent with Kim 460 and 
WO 178. Table 2 discloses heating at 121 °C for 0.5 to 24 hours, and the 
heating is performed in an autoclave.” Id. Because these heating parameters 
fall within the conditions taught by Kim 460 and WO 178, Petitioner 
contends that the information contained in Table 2 of the ’786 patent can, 
therefore, be relied on to show the inherent properties of the prior art 
methodologies. See Reply 2–4. 
The data in Table 2 of the ’786 patent was obtained from a specific 
method described therein, which is not taught in any combination of 
Petitioner’s references. PO Resp. 47–48 (citing Ex. 1001: 3:49–4:3; 
Ex. 2015 ¶ 331). 
The extraction process as set out in the ’786 patent is as follows: 
[D]ried Gynostemma pentaphyllum leaves are extracted with an 
ethanol aqueous solution having a volume 10 to 20 times as large 
as the volume of the leaves (preferably, a 20~80% ethanol 
aqueous solution), and a first supernatant is taken out. To the 
residual ethanol-dipped material of 
the 
Gynostemma 
pentaphyllum leaves, an ethanol aqueous solution (6 to 20 times) 
(preferably, a 20~80% ethanol aqueous solution) is again added, 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
46 
and then a second supernatant is taken out through 1-8 hour 
extraction at 65~95° C. Then, the first and second supernatants 
are put together and are filtrated by using gauze, and the solution 
obtained through the filtration is centrifuged (800~1,500xG) to 
remove floating matter. The resulting extracted product is 
concentrated to Brix concentration of 40 to 70 by vacuum-
concentration to provide a Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract 
concentrate (hereinafter, referred to as ‘TG 1022”), and then the 
TG1022 is treated with high temperature and high pressure to 
provide a novel Gynostemma pentaphyllum extract concentrate 
having increased contents of damulins (hereinafter, referred to as 
‘TG1022F’). 
Ex. 1001, 3:52–4:3. Patent Owner pointed out that the data expressed in 
Table 2 of the ’786 patent started with an ethanol extract that is then 
subjected to high pressure and high temperature. PO Resp. 48. Kim 460 
relied on by Petitioner extracts ginseng root using either steam or water 
under heat and pressure, and further teaches that the extract may additionally 
be processed with alcohol under reflux. See Ex. 1005, 3:20–34; 5:1–25, 
5:35–7:10. The process in Kim 460, therefore, differs from the process 
recited in Table 2 as well as claim 1 of the ’786 patent which start with an 
ethanol extract that is then heat treated under pressure. See Ex. 1001, 16:63–
65. 
Here, “Petitioner never alleges or establishes the Claimed 
Concentrations are necessarily present in an extract of GP heated under 
conditions explicitly disclosed by Kim 460.” PO Resp. 38 (citing Pet. 27; 
Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 174–184). 
All of Petitioner’s experiments deviated in multiple ways from 
what is disclosed in Kim 460 and Naumovski—they used two 
autoclaving steps, used different ratios of solvents to GP in each 
step, did not subject an ethanol extract of GP leaves to heating 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
47 
(40-125°C) and high pressure, and did not obtain the Claimed 
Concentrations in some of the experiments. 
PO Resp. 37. 
Patent Owner contends, and we agree, that Petitioner has not 
established that the claimed concentration of damulin are the natural result 
of applying the conditions disclosed in Kim 460. PO Resp. 38 (citing 
Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 174–184, 193–200; Ex. 1003 ¶ 85; Ex. 2005, 147:12–20; Ex. 
1013, 26; Ex. 1014, Table 4); Ex. 1003 ¶ 85 (“The only result that was 
outside of the range of damulin A and damulin B in claim 10 is one of the 
two experiments that simply used water as a solvent.”); Ex. 2005, 147:12–20 
(Dr. Davies testifies “there are some results that are below the claimed 
range, and there are some results that are within the claim range.”). 
We agree with Patent Owner that “Kim 460 only uses a single 
autoclave heat-treatment step and does not provide any suggestion to 
conduct two autoclaving heat-extraction steps.” PO Resp. 40 (citing 
Ex. 2015 ¶ 176). “[B]y deviating from the prior art and performing two 
consecutive autoclaving steps, Petitioner’s protocols [in the Experimental 
Report -1 (Ex. 1013)] were intended to extract more DA/DB than by 
performing one autoclave extraction as disclosed in the prior art.” PO Resp. 
40 (citing Ex. 2006, 33:19–25). We also agree with Patent Owner, that 
“Petitioner fails to establish a nexus between any particular prior art 
disclosures and the specific procedures and materials used to obtain [the 
’786 patent] Table 2’s data.” Sur-Reply 20–21. 
e) Post Filing Date Reference 
Patent Owner contends that the post-filing reference – Wu – relied on 
in the Petition also fails to support Petitioner’s conclusion that applying the 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
48 
methods of Kim 460 to G. pentaphyllum will necessarily and naturally result 
in damulin levels as claimed. PO Resp. 36. 
Extrinsic evidence can be used to demonstrate what is “necessarily 
present” in a prior art embodiment even if the extrinsic evidence is not itself 
prior art. See Monsanto Tech. LLC v. E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co., 878 
F.3d 1336, 1345 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (allowing “non-prior art data” to be used to 
support inherency); Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharm., Inc., 339 F.3d 1373, 
1377 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (finding that the prior art need not recognize the 
inherent property). 
“Wu does not disclose how the samples are heat processed and, 
therefore, [Wu] cannot be relied on to establish inherency.” PO Resp. 47 
(citing Dec. 29). Wu discloses that “[t]he leaves of crude and heat-processed 
G. pentaphyllum (5.0 g) were extracted with 50 mL of 80% methanol by 
ultrasonication for 1.5 h and then evaporated.” Ex. 1012, 311. Wu shows 
that extracts from “G. pentaphyllum heat processed at 130°C for 3 h [results 
in damulin A content of 11902 μg/g, damulin B content of 5877 μg/g], 
whereas those from the raw plant were below 250 μg/g. Longer treatment 
times (>3 h) did not give any significant changes in the saponin contents.” 
Id. at 315. Because it cannot be established based on Wu’s disclosure that 
the samples are autoclaved, just like the samples in Kim 460, Wu cannot be 
relied on to establish inherency of Kim 460’s process when applied to 
G. pentaphyllum as the starting material. 
f) Conclusion 
Having considered the arguments and evidence based on the full 
record, we determine that Petitioner has not sufficiently established by a 
preponderance of the evidence that the damulin A and B levels are the 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
49 
natural result of the combination Kim 460 and Razmovski. Therefore, 
Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 
1–13 of the ’786 patent are unpatentable as obvious over Kim 460 and 
Razmovski. 
F. 
Obviousness in view of Kim 460 and Kang or Baek 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–13 are rendered obvious under 
35 U.S.C. § 103 over Kim 460 and Baek or Kang. See Pet. 41–47. Patent 
Owner disagrees. PO Resp. 50–56. 
Petitioner contends that Kim 460 describes overlapping process 
conditions for making extracts of ginseng. Pet. 41–42 (citing Ex. 1005, 
3:13–35; Ex. 1003 ¶ 41). 
According to Petitioner, “Kang is directed to a pharmaceutical 
composition with Rg5 and Rk1 as active ingredients. (Ex. 1010, claim 1). 
Kang creates Rg5 and Rk1 by heating an alcohol extract at 130°C for 2 
hours. (Id. at 7). Kang explicitly teaches using GP as an alternative to 
ginseng to create Rg5 and Rk1. (Id. at 4).” Pet. 42. Petitioner contends that 
“the GP heating described by Kang and Baek is typically performed in an 
autoclave, it would be obvious to use the same instrument to control heating 
of a solvent extraction.” Reply 14 (citing Ex. 1035 ¶¶ 48–49). Additionally, 
Petitioner contends that “the pressures of the second step are too low to 
produce any measurable difference.” Reply 15 (citing Ex. 1035 ¶¶ 40–44). 
Kang states: 
Ginsenoside Rg5 and Rk1, . . . may be purified and separated 
through column chromatography by processing the roots of 
Panax plants containing ginseng saponin, for example, Panax 
ginseng . . . or 
Gynostemma pentaphyllum containing a 
compound of the dammaran[e] backbone, and the like, leaves of 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
50 
these plants, tissue cultures of these plants, or extracts thereof 
with water or lower alcohols. 
Ex. 1010, 4. 
Petitioner relies on Baek for teaching “heating GP at a temperature of 
50° to 200°C for 0.5 to 20 hours and extracting saponins from the heated GP 
using alcohol as a solvent.” Pet. 42 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶ 33). “Baek also 
discloses that GP is a substitute for ginseng as a source of dammarane 
saponins.” Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 6, 33). Petitioner concludes that it 
would have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art to substitute GP 
for ginseng in Kim 460 based on the teachings of Kang and Baek. Pet. 43. 
Petitioner relies on the Experimental Report-1 to establish that 
applying the heat treatment method of Kim 460 results in the recited 
damulin content. Experimental Report-1 shows experiments performed 
under the direction of Petitioner’s Declarant, Dr. Davies, to establish “that 
heating [GP] at 130°C for 3 hours produces an extract with damulin levels 
that exceed the amounts of claim 8 [and fall with the range of claim 10] 
using several different solvents.” Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1013 (Tables 2–3); 
Ex. 1012, 315 (Table 2)). 
Patent Owner presents similar arguments to those discussed with 
respect to the combination of Kim 460 and Razmovski. See PO Resp. 33–50. 
For the reasons discussed above (see II.E), we agree with Patent Owner that 
“Petitioner and its declarants failed to perform any experiments that meet the 
requirements of the Challenged Claims and failed to establish that 
combining Kim 460 and Baek or Kang rendered the Challenged Claims 
inherently obvious.” PO Resp. 51. “Kang actually discloses extracting 
ginseng using methanol, then extracting further using ether three times, then 
further extracting using a mixture of butanol and ethyl acetate three times, 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
51 
then extracting with butanol three times, and then heating the butanol extract 
at 130°C for 2 hours.” PO Resp. 51 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 265; Ex. 1010, 7). 
Because “Kang does not disclose pressure at all and instead subjects 
ginseng to a multi-step extraction process using a series of solvents and 
solvent mixtures, none of which is ethanol, and at a higher temperature than 
the claimed range,” we agree with Patent Owner that Kang does not remedy 
the deficiencies of Kim 460. PO Resp. 51–52 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 265). We 
also agree with Patent Owner, that “[n]one of the references provides any 
disclosure, data, or suggestion for making an ethanol extract of GP leaves 
and subjecting an ethanol extract of GP (or ginseng) leaves to high pressure 
and high temperature.” PO Resp. 55. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence based on the full 
record, we determine that Petitioner has not sufficiently established by a 
preponderance of the evidence that the damulin A and B levels are the 
necessary and natural result of the combination Kim 460 and Kang or Baek. 
Therefore, Petitioner has not shown by preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 1–13 of the ’786 patent are unpatentable as obvious over Kim 460 
and Kang or Baek. 
G. 
Obviousness in view of WO 178 and Razmovski 
Petitioner contends that claims 8–10, 12, and 13 are rendered obvious 
under 35 U.S.C. § 103 over WO 178 and Razmovski. See Pet. 47–55. Patent 
Owner opposes. PO Resp. 56–58. 
Petitioner contends that WO 178 “discloses heating ginseng at 70 to 
150°C in an autoclave for 2 to 6 hours to convert dammarane saponins Rb1, 
Rb2, Rc and Rd into Rg3, Rg5 and Rk1, and extracting the converted 
saponins from the ginseng using an alcohol solvent.” Pet. 48 (citing 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
52 
Ex. 1006 ¶¶ 19, 26, 44). WO 178 performs heating in an autoclave, which 
would result in increased pressure. Pet. 49 (citing Ex. 1006 ¶ 44; Ex. 1003 
¶ 41 (“The fact that heating a sealed vessel increases pressure is captured in 
the ideal gas law (PV=nRT).”). 
Petitioner relies on Razmovski for teaching that G. pentaphyllum 
includes several of the same saponins as ginseng, therefore, rendering 
obvious the substitution of G. pentaphyllum for ginseng. See Pet. 48–49 
(citing Ex. 1004 ¶ 36). Petitioner relies on the teachings of Razmovski to 
establish “that GP includes several of the same saponins as ginseng 
including Rb1, Rb2, Rc and Rd, and make up 25% of the saponin content of 
GP.” Pet. 48 (citing Ex. 1007, 4 (Table 1)). Petitioner contends that “an 
extract of GP that has been heated within the parameters described by 
WO 178, would have at least one of 0.7% of damulin A or 0.5% of damulin 
B.” Pet. 49. 
Based on these combined teachings, Petitioner concludes that a person 
of ordinary skill in the art “would have a reasonable expectation of success 
for this substitution [of G. pentaphyllum for ginseng in WO 178’s process] 
since Razmovski shows that the source materials in WO 178, Rb1, Rb2, Rc 
and Rd, are all present in GP.” Pet. 49 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 36). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner has not provided a sufficient basis 
from which to conclude that the claimed composition and extract based on 
the combination of WO 178 and Razmovski are inherently obvious. See PO 
Resp. 56 (citing Ex. 2016 ¶ 287). 
WO 178 teaches producing an extraction of ginseng. 
[D]ried plant material of Panax genus was cut into small pieces 
and the piece was autoclaved at the temperature ranging from 70 
to 150°C, preferably 100 to 130°C, for the period ranging from 
2 to 6 hours, preferably 3 to 5 hours; and was mixed with 1 to 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
53 
20-fold, preferably, 3 to 10-fold weight (kg) of water, C1-C4 
lower alcohol, such as methanol, ethanol, butanol or the mixtures 
thereof, preferably ethanol; was heated for the period ranging 
from 3 to 10 hours, preferably 3 to 6 hours, by reflux extraction 
with water, cold water extraction, ultra-sonication or 
conventional extraction, preferably by reflux extraction with 
water; the residue was filtered and then the filtrate was dried at 
the temperature ranging from 40 to 80°C, preferably from 50 to 
70°C, to obtain inventive extract of processed ginseng. 
Ex. 1006 ¶ 44 (emphases added); see also id. ¶ 118 (“1 kg of dried root of 
Panax ginseng was cut into small pieces and the sliced pieces were heated at 
120°C for 4 hours in autoclave. The processed ginseng was mixed with 2 I 
[sic] of ethanol and heated for 4 hours by reflux extraction with water.”). 
Ginseng processed at 120°C for 4 hours in an autoclave shows increased 
Rg3, Rg5, Rg1 content and a reduction of Rb1, Rb2, Rc, and Rd. Id. ¶ 127 
(Table 1). 
Petitioner’s Declarant, Dr. Davies, selected a treatment protocol for 
Experimental Report-1 that falls within the preferred treatment temperature 
and time disclosed in WO 178. See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 104 (Explaining that “the 
experimental conditions of temperature, pressure and extraction solvent are 
within the processing conditions described by Kim 460, WO 178, and 
Baek.”), 105–107; Ex. 1006 ¶ 44; Ex. 1013. Experimental Report-1 shows 
that damulin A and B are within the claimed concentrations. See Ex. 1013, 
26; Ex. 1003 ¶ 105 (“As expected, the use of methanol or ethanol with reflux 
extraction provided higher contents of all compounds analyzed compared to 
use of a simple water extraction alone . . . . The results are what I expected 
based on the prior art.”). According to Dr. Davies, results showing higher 
compound content in the examples that use methanol and ethanol extraction 
is expected. Ex. 1003 ¶ 105. 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
54 
Patent Owner presents similar arguments to those discussed with 
respect to the combination of Kim 460 and Razmovski. See PO Resp. 56–58. 
For the reasons discussed above (see supra Section II.E), we agree with 
Patent Owner that Experimental Report-1 (Ex. 1013), “in addition to not 
following the steps of WO 178 (alone or in view of Razmovski), also failed 
to establish inherent results of the claimed concentrations of damulin A and 
damulin B.” PO Resp. 58. Patent Owner further contends that the results of 
Experimental Report-1 are flawed because “Dr. Lee admitted that the same 
impure, unstable, and unreliable reference standard and double peaks were 
used and present.” Id. 
To make its composition, WO 178 discloses a process that includes 
autoclaving pieces of dried Panax ginseng at a temperature of 120°C for 
4 hours; the processed ginseng is then mixed with ethanol and heated for 
4 hours by reflux extraction with water. Ex. 1006 ¶¶ 116–118. While the 
extraction protocols of G. pentaphyllum in the Experimental Report-1 utilize 
two autoclave steps and do not use a reflux extraction. Ex. 1013, 12–13 (4. 
Result). The Experimental Report-1, therefore, does not follow the protocol 
set out in WO 178. 
We agree with Patent Owner, that by not following the steps of 
WO 178 alone or in view of Razmovski, and using an impure damulin B 
standard, the results obtained in the Experimental Report-1 (Ex. 1013) are 
not sufficient to establish that the damulin B level is the “natural result” of 
applying the method of WO 178 to the G. pentaphyllum starting material 
Razmovski. For the reasons discussed above (see supra Section II.E), we 
agree with Dr. Naumovski’s explanation that the use of an impure damulin B 
standard containing a double peak render the results as shown in Exhibit 
1013 and 1016 unreliable. Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 141–143. Dr. Naumovski further 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
55 
explains that the use of impure standard would require the application of a 
correction factor, but this correction factor would need to be reassessed as 
the purity of the standard decreases. See id. ¶ 166. However, the same 
correction factor for the damulin B standard was used for quantifying the 
measurements taken in the Experimental Report-1 (Ex. 1013) on different 
days. See Ex. 2015 ¶ 167 (citing Ex. 2006, 22:10–23:11; 23:24–24:1; 60:5–
20; 64:13–65:16; 67:8–15). “[W]hen correcting calibration curves, the 
calculated DB concentration can shift either inside or outside the Claimed 
Concentrations.” Sur-Reply 12 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 165–166); Ex. 2015 ¶ 
159 (quoting Ex. 2007, 319) (“to avoid peak area integration errors ‘all 
peaks to be quantified should be fully separated in a chromatogram.’”). 
Dr. Naumovski explains that applying a correction factor of 0.7 to the 
linear regression would result in a shallower slope. Ex. 2015 ¶ 165 (citing 
2006, 71:12–73:5, 99:2–9). “Reducing the calibration curve slope increases 
the amount of damulin B calculated from the experimental extracts.” Id. We, 
therefore, agree with Patent Owner that the record supports the position that 
“the low purity DB standard led to inaccurate and unreliable quantification 
of DB concentrations.” Sur-Reply 12 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 140–206). 
Having considered the arguments and evidence based on the full 
record, we determine that Petitioner has not sufficiently established by a 
preponderance of the evidence that the damulin A and B levels are the 
natural result of the combination WO 178 and Razmovski. Therefore, 
Petitioner has not shown by preponderance of the evidence that the claims 
8–10, 12, and 13 of the ’786 patent are unpatentable as obvious over 
WO 178 and Razmovski. 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
56 
H. 
Obviousness in view of WO 178 and Kang 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–13 are rendered obvious under 
35 U.S.C. § 103 over WO 178 and Kang. See Pet. 55–63. Patent Owner 
disagreed. PO Resp. 58–60. 
Patent Owner contends that “Kang fails to remedy the deficiencies of 
WO178, . . . as it not only fails to disclose or suggest the claimed method, 
but it actually discloses a different extraction procedure for ginseng and the 
combination therefore leads the POSA in a different direction than WO178 
and the ’786 patent’s method.” Id. at 59 (citing Ex. 2015 ¶¶ 298–299); see 
Dec. 40. Specifically, “Kang fails to provide motivation to subject an 
ethanol extract of GP leaves to high pressure and high temperature.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 2015 ¶ 311). 
We agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner has not sufficiently 
explained why based on the teachings of Kang one would have substituted 
methanol for ethanol in Kang’s extraction method. Based on that apparent 
deficiency, with respect to Kang’s extraction method, Petitioner has not 
made a sufficient showing that the Petition demonstrates that there is a 
reasonable likelihood that claims 1–13 are unpatentable over WO 178 and 
Kang. 
III. MOTION TO STRIKE 
In its Motion, Patent Owner asserts that the supplemental second 
declaration of Dr. Neal Davies (Ex. 1038) was untimely filed on June 5, 
2023. Paper 35. Patent Owner asserts that our rules only permit a party to 
“serve” supplemental evidence, but not to file it. Id. (citing 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.64(b)(2)). Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner does not oppose the 
motion to strike. Id. (citing Ex. 3003). 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
57 
According to our rules, “[s]upplemental evidence is not filed at the 
time of the objection, but simply served, and is filed only in support of an 
opposition to a motion to exclude.” CTPG14 79 (citing 37 C.F.R. 
§§ 42.64(a), 42.64(b)(2)). 
We recognize that striking the entirety or a portion of evidence is 
generally an exceptional remedy. CTPG, 80. This is because the Board is 
generally capable of identifying new issues or belatedly-presented evidence 
when weighing the evidence at the close of trial and disregarding any new 
issues or belatedly-presented evidence that exceeds the proper scope of 
Reply or Sur-Reply. Id. 
However, in this case, Petitioner has not explained why the filing of 
the supplemental second declaration of Dr. Neal Davies was necessary. 
Petitioner also does not explain why any information contained in this 
supplemental second declaration could not have been included in the second 
Davies declaration (Ex. 1035) filed with Petitioner’s Reply. Petitioner also 
did not file an opposition to a motion to exclude, thus, Exhibit 1038 was not 
filed in support of an opposition to a motion to exclude. Finally, Patent 
Owner asserts that Petitioner does not oppose the Motion to Strike. Paper 35 
(citing Ex. 3003). 
Under the facts and circumstances of this proceeding we find striking 
the supplemental second declaration of Dr. Neal Davies (Exhibit 1038) is 
justified. 
 
14 PTAB Consolidated Trial Practice Guide, November 2019 (the “CTPG”), 
available at: https://www.uspto.gov/about-us/news-updates/ consolidated-
trial-practice-guide-november-2019. 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
58 
IV. CONCLUSION 
For the foregoing reasons, we conclude that Petitioner has not 
established by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–13 of the ’786 
patent are unpatentable. 
 
V. ORDER 
Accordingly, it is 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–13 of the ’786 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Strike the 
supplemental second declaration of Dr. Neal Davies is granted; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Exhibit 1038 shall be struck from the 
record; 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a final written decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–13 
103 
Kim 460, 
Razmovski 
 
1–13 
8–10, 12, 
13 
103 
WO 178, 
Razmovski 
 
8–10, 12, 13 
1–13 
103 
Kim 460, Kang, 
Baek 
 
1–13 
1–13 
103 
WO178, Kang 
 
1–13 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1–13 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2022-00998 
Patent 8,357,786 B2 
59 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Kevin Raudebaugh 
Jinchul Hong 
AMPACC LAW GROUP, PLLC 
kwr@ampacc.com 
jch@ampacc.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Aydin Harston 
ROTHWELL, FIGG, ERNST & MANBECK, P.C. 
aharston@rfem.com