--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 35 
571-272-7822 
Date: January 26, 2026 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
DR. SQUATCH, LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
 
Before SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and 
CHRISTOPHER M. KAISER, Administrative Patent Judges. 
SNEDDEN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
1 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Dr. Squatch, LLC (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting inter 
partes review of claims 1–15 of U.S. Patent No. 10,966,915 B2 (Ex. 1001, 
“the ’915 patent”). Petition (“Pet.”), Paper 2. The Procter & Gamble 
Company (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response identifying itself 
as the owner of the ’915 patent. Preliminary Response (“Prelim. Resp.”), 
Paper 7. 
We instituted trial on January 23, 2025. Paper 12 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
During trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response. Paper 16 (“PO 
Resp.”). Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 20 (“Reply”)) and Patent Owner 
filed a Sur-reply (Paper 25 (“Sur-reply”)). We held an oral hearing on 
October 22, 2025, and a transcript of that hearing is of record. Paper 34 
(“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
full record developed through trial, we determine that Petitioner has proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Our reasoning is explained below, 
and we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a). 
II. 
BACKGROUND 
A. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies Dr. Squatch, LLC as its real party-in-interest. 
Pet. 1. Patent Owner identifies The Procter & Gamble Company as its real 
party-in-interest. Paper 4, 1. 
B. Related Matters 
The parties indicate that the ’915 patent is involved in The Procter & 
Gamble Company v. Dr. Squatch LLC, Case No. 2-24-cv-04711 (C.D. Cal.), 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
2 
 
filed November 29, 2022. Pet. 1; Paper 4, 1. Petitioner has also filed 
petitions for inter partes review of the following patents: IPR2024-01104 
against IPR2024-01173 against U.S. Patent No. 10,905,647; IPR2024-01174 
against U.S. Patent No. 11,497,706; and IPR2024-01498 against U.S. Patent 
No. 11,844,752. Paper 4, 1; Paper 33, 2. 
C. The ’915 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’915 patent is titled “Deodorant Compositions.” Ex. 1001, code 
(54). The ’915 patent is directed to deodorant compositions and methods of 
making the compositions. Id. at 1:15–16, 10:65. More specifically, the ’915 
patent is directed to formulating, in response to consumer demands, an 
aluminum-free, mostly silicone-free deodorant stick, which is not too hard. 
Id. at 1:21–22, 1:32–34. 
The ’915 patent explains that 
[c]onsumers also want a good glide, non-sticky, and non-greasy 
application. This is a challenge, because a mostly silicone-free 
formula will often use natural oils or natural oil-based 
triglycerides. But often natural oils, such as coconut oil, bring a 
large portion of wax with them, often making the resulting 
deodorant sticks too hard to meet a more preferable product 
application for both shaven and unshaven underarms. They are 
also often undesirably greasy due to the non-volatile nature. 
Id. at 1:22–30. “As consumers seek more natural ingredients in their 
deodorants, one approach to formulation is to use emollients derived from 
natural oils.” Id. at 2:59–61. The specification describes that products 
aimed at emphasizing the use of natural ingredients “may have a significant 
amount of a liquid triglyceride.” Id. at 2:66. To provide structure to these 
products, the ’915 patent describes that it is known to include waxes and 
other such structurants. Id. at 3:1–3. However, the ’915 patent explains that 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
3 
 
a currently marketed product, Comparative Formula 1 . . . , has 
34.15% liquid triglyceride, along with a number of structurants, 
resulting in a very hard stick, scoring 63 on a needle penetration 
test under ASTM D-1321 . . . . So while Comparative Formula 1 
uses consumer preferred natural ingredients, it does not 
necessarily provide a good consumer experience when used, 
given its hardness. Comparative Formula 2 contains even higher 
levels of structurants, resulting in a harder stick with an even 
lower hardness score. In comparison, Inventive Examples 1–5, 
while comprising consumer-preferred natural ingredients, have 
higher hardness scores, meaning they are softer products. 
Id. at 3:5–17. According to the ’915 patent, “a deodorant stick having at 
least about 25% of a liquid triglyceride, and that uses a primary structurant 
that has a melting point of at least about 50° C., . . . can result in a deodorant 
stick with a hardness from about 80 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10.” Id. at 
3:49–57. The ’915 patent describes that the “deodorant stick is able to 
comprise consumer-perceived natural ingredients, while offering a pleasant 
consumer experience in terms of its hardness.” Id. at 3:58–60. 
The ’915 patent describes that the deodorant compositions “can 
contain a structurant, an antimicrobial, a perfume, and additional chassis 
ingredient(s) . . . in the form of a solid stick.” Id. at 9:23–27. The ’915 
patent defines a “structurant” as “any material known or otherwise effective 
in providing suspending, gelling, viscosifying, solidifying, and/or thickening 
properties to the composition or which otherwise provide structure to the 
final product form.” Id. at 5:1–5. The ’915 patent describes a deodorant 
stick comprising a magnesium hydroxide that is effective against underarm 
bacteria strains in raw material evaluations. Id. at 8:27–35, 8:43–46. 
D. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–15. Representative independent claim 
1 is reproduced below: 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
4 
 
1. A deodorant stick comprising: 
a. at least about 25% of a liquid triglyceride; 
b. at least one antimicrobial; and 
c. a primary structurant with a melting point of at least 
about 50° Celsius; and 
wherein said stick is free of an aluminum salt. 
Ex. 1001, 15:37–43. 
E. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 
Ex. 1003, Lesniak et al., US 11,433,018 B2, issued September 6, 
2022 (“Lesniak”). 
Ex. 1004, Phinney et al., US 9,314,412 B2, issued April 19, 2016 
(“Phinney”). 
Ex. 1005, John Henderson Lamb, M.D., Sodium Bicarbonate: 
An Excellent Deodorant, THE JOURNAL OF INVESTIGATIVE 
DERMATOLOGY 7(3) 131–33 (1946) (“Lamb”). 
Ex. 1006, Bianchi et al., US 6,048,518 B2, issued April 11, 2000 
(“Bianchi ’518”). 
Ex. 1007, Wayback Machine archives, captured May 26, 2016, 
November 23, 2016, and November 1, 2015 respectively for: 
https:/www.nativecos.com, 
https:/www.nativecos.com/product/deodorant/, and 
https:/www.nativecos.com (“Native”). 
Ex. 1008, Bianchi, US 2007/0166254 A1, published July 19, 
2007 (“Bianchi ’254”). 
Ex. 1009, Wayback Machine archive, captured January 26, 
2017, for http:/soapdelinews.com/2016/11/easy-homemade-
deodorantrecipe.html (“Easy Homemade”). 
Petitioner relies on the declarations of Bozena B. Michniak-Kohn, 
Ph.D. (Exs. 1002 and 1086) to support its contentions. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
5 
 
Patent Owner relies on the declaration of Robert Lochhead, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2011) to support its contentions. 
F. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–15 would have been unpatentable on 
the following grounds: 
Ground Claim(s) Challenged 35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
I 
1, 3–8, 11–14 
102/103 
Lesniak 
II 
2, 10 
103 
Lesniak, Phinney 
III 
9 
103 
Lesniak, Lamb 
IV 
 
 
15 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’518, 
V 
1–2, 5–9, 11–15 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254 
VI 
3, 4, 10 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254, 
Easy Homemade 
 
G. Claim Construction 
The challenged claims should be read in light of the Specification, as 
it would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Suitco 
Surface, Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally 
give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re 
Translogic Tech., Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary 
and customary meaning is the meaning that the term would have to a person 
of ordinary skill in the art in question.” (internal quotation marks omitted)); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs 
according to the same standard as used in federal court). 
Petitioner does not argue for the express construction of any claim 
term. See generally Pet. 
Patent Owner asserts that the preamble of independent claim 1 
reciting “a deodorant stick” is limiting” as it provides antecedent basis for 
certain other claim elements, specifically, for the recitation of “said stick 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
6 
 
being free of an aluminum salt” and “said stick” having a particular hardness 
range. PO Resp. 8–10. We agree. Petitioner does not provide argument to 
the contrary. See, e.g., Pet. 27 (arguing that Lesniak discloses a deodorant 
stick in the form of an antiperspirant stick). 
We determine that no express construction of any other claim term is 
necessary to resolve the dispute between the parties. Nidec Motor Corp. v. 
Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) 
(“[W]e need only construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and only to the 
extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. 
Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999))). To the extent 
further discussion of the meaning any claim term is necessary to our 
decision, we provide that discussion below in our analysis of the asserted 
grounds of unpatentability. 
H. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner proposes that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA” 
or “POSITA”) at the time of the invention “would have (1) at least a B.S. or 
equivalent degree; and (2) at least two years of experience in cosmetics 
formulations.” Pet. 27 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 26–28). Patent Owner does not 
dispute Petitioner’s proposal about the POSA’s qualifications. PO Resp. 7–
8. 
We adopt and apply Petitioner’s proposed definition of a POSA, 
which does not appear to be inconsistent with the level of skill reflected in 
the asserted prior art. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
7 
 
III. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Introduction 
“In an inter partes review, the petitioner has the burden from the onset 
to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.” 
Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review petitions to 
identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the grounds for the 
challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never shifts to the 
patent owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 
F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Moreover, a petitioner should not “place 
the burden on [the Board] to sift through information presented by the 
Petitioners, determine where each element [of the challenged claims] is 
found in [the cited references], and identify any differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the teachings of [the cited references.]” Google 
Inc. v. EveryMD.com LLC, IPR2014-00347, Paper 9 at 25 (PTAB May 22, 
2014). 
Anticipation is a question of fact, as is the question of what a prior art 
reference teaches. In re NTP, Inc., 654 F.3d 1279, 1297 (Fed. Cir. 2011). 
“Because the hallmark of anticipation is prior invention, the prior art 
reference—in order to anticipate under 35 U.S.C. § 102—must not only 
disclose all elements of the claim within the four corners of the document, 
but must also disclose those elements ‘arranged as in the claim.’” Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008) 
(quoting Connell v. Sears, Roebuck & Co., 722 F.2d 1542, 1548 (Fed. Cir. 
1983)). Whether a reference anticipates a claim is assessed from the skilled 
artisan’s perspective. See Dayco Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 329 
F.3d 1358, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (“[T]he dispositive question regarding 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
8 
 
anticipation [i]s whether one skilled in the art would reasonably understand 
or infer from the [prior art reference’s] teaching that every claim element 
was disclosed in that single reference.” (quoting In re Baxter Travenol 
Labs., 952 F.2d 388, 390 (Fed. Cir. 1991)) )) (second and third alterations in 
original)). 
A patent claim is unpatentable for obviousness if the differences 
between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that the subject 
matter, as a whole, would have been obvious at the time the invention was 
made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject matter 
pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). In 
Graham v. John Deere Co. of Kan. City, 383 U.S. 1 (1966), the Supreme 
Court set out a framework for assessing obviousness that requires 
consideration of four factors: (1) the “level of ordinary skill in the pertinent 
art,” (2) the “scope and content of the prior art,” (3) the “differences between 
the prior art and the claims at issue,” and (4) “secondary considerations” of 
nonobviousness such as “commercial success, long felt but unsolved needs, 
failure of others, etc.” Id. at 17–18; KSR, 550 U.S. at 407. 
“Whether an ordinarily skilled artisan would have been motivated to 
modify the teachings of a reference is a question of fact.” WBIP, LLC v. 
Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 2016). “[W]here a party argues a 
skilled artisan would have been motivated to combine references, it must 
show the artisan ‘would have had a reasonable expectation of success from 
doing so.’” Arctic Cat Inc. v. Bombardier Recreational Prods. Inc., 876 
F.3d 1350, 1360–61 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (quoting In re Cyclobenzaprine 
Hydrochloride Extended-Release Capsule Patent Litig., 676 F.3d 1063, 
1068–69 (Fed. Cir. 2012)). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
9 
 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
these principles to determine whether Petitioner has met its burden to 
establish a reasonable likelihood of success at trial. 
B. Summary of the Cited Prior Art 
1. Lesniak (Ex. 1003) 
Lesniak is titled “NON-GREASY PERSONAL CARE 
COMPOSITIONS.” Ex. 1003, code (54). Lesniak provides an anhydrous 
personal care composition, comprising 
(a) at least one ester, wherein said at least one ester is selected 
from one or more of the following groups: (i) triglycerides, (ii) 
diglycerides, (iii) monoglycerides, (iv) monoesters of dials, and 
(v) diesters of dials, and wherein a total concentration of said at 
least one ester is 45 to 60 weight %, based on the total weight of 
the composition; (b) a first wax having a melting point of 35° C. 
to 72° C. present in an amount of 5 to 25 weight %, based on the 
total weight of the composition; (c) a second wax having a 
melting point of 73° C. to 90° C. present in an amount of 0.5 to 
15 weight% based on the total weight of the composition; (d) at 
least one plant oil having a saponification value of 150 to 275 mg 
KOH/g, wherein a total concentration of said at least one plant 
oil is from 5 to 35 weight%, based on the total weight of the 
composition. 
Id. at 5:32–48. Lesniak describes that “[o]ptionally, the at least one ester is a 
combination of caprylic triglyceride and capric triglyceride” in ranges from 
50–60 weight %, based on the total weight of the composition. Id. at 2:38–
39, 3:42–44. “Optionally, the composition further comprises zinc oxide . . . 
present in a concentration of 10 to 30 weight %.” Id. at 3:39–42. Lesniak 
describes that the composition may be in the form of a stick. Id. at 4:22. 
According to Lesniak, the compositions possess “good micro-robustness, . . . 
reduced greasiness and an improved after-feel (such as reduced tackiness 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
10 
 
and drag) on the skin as compared to other anhydrous compositions[, and] 
. . . are also physically stable at high and low temperatures.” Id. at 5:50–54. 
Lesniak discloses a desire to “to formulate such compositions from 
all-natural ingredients (i.e. ‘100% natural’ compositions).” Id. at 5:29–31. 
Lesniak discloses that “the term ‘natural compositions’ indicates that the 
composition is formulated from ingredients which are extracted from the 
earth or sea, derived from plants, or synthesized by other organisms.” Id. at 
4:61–64. Lesniak discloses that the composition may comprise “essential 
oils which may be used as natural fragrances.” Id. at 8:38. 
2. Phinney (Ex. 1004) 
Phinney is titled “DEODORANT FORMULATION.” Ex. 1004, code 
(54). Phinney relates to a deodorant “formulation and preparation thereof 
with natural ingredients in the absence of heavy metal complexes and/or 
petroleum based or related compounds.” Id. at 1:7–9. Phinney discloses 
finding that “a mixture of the hydroxides of zinc and magnesium could 
provide long lasting protection against odour due to perspiration . . . and are 
dispersible in aerosols, moisturizing creams, sticks, sprays and roll-on type 
applicators.” Id. at 1:17–22. 
Phinney explains that zinc and aluminum oxide are “very unreactive 
against perspiration odour due to insolubility and low hydrolysis rate.” Id. at 
2:35–36. According to Phinney, “magnesium hydroxide, . . . has low 
solubility and therefore does not ‘wash away’ under heavy perspiration” and 
thus “provides 16–20 hour protection and more for a broad cross section of 
people.” Id. at 5:47–51. Phinney discloses an embodiment of a specific 
formulation prepared as a solid stick that “includes magnesium oxide in an 
amount of between 1% and 2.5% by weight and zinc oxide in an amount of 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
11 
 
between 0.5% and 1.5% by weight.” Id. at 6:32–34, 6:11, 8:46–57 (claim 
1). 
3. Lamb (Ex. 1005) 
Lamb is an article titled “SODIUM BICARBONATE: AN 
EXCELLENT DEODORANT” that was published in The Journal of 
Investigative Dermatology. Ex. 1005, 131. Lamb describes a study that 
evaluated the effectiveness of baking soda as an underarm deodorant in 90 
patients. Ex. 1005, 131–33. Lamb hypothesizes that the perspiration’s free 
fatty acids, which possess a disagreeable odor, forms a less malodorous 
sodium salt in the presence of sodium bicarbonate. Id. at 133. Based on the 
results of the study, Lamb concludes that “bicarbonate of soda is a valuable 
underarm deodorant for common daily usage.” Id. Lamb observed that 
“[n]o furunculosis,” or boils, “developed in over 90 cases which have used 
bicarbonate of soda over periods of from four weeks to a year’s duration.” 
Id. 
4. Bianchi ’518 (Ex. 1006) 
Bianchi ’518 is titled “LOW RESIDUE SOLID 
ANTIPERSPIRANT.” Ex. 1006, code (54). Bianchi ’518 “relates to 
antiperspirant sticks, substantially free of water and long chain fatty 
alcohols, which provide the user with excellent antiperspirant efficacy, 
reduced residue when the composition is first applied to the skin, reduced 
residue after dry down, high temperature stability, and excellent cosmetics 
and aesthetics.” Id. at 1:8–13. 
Bianchi ’518 discloses that the antiperspirant composition possesses a 
specification of “Penetration-ASTM D-1321@ 100/77/5 10–16.” Id. at 
2:57–58. Bianchi ’518 explains that 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
12 
 
[o]ne important physical parameter affecting consumer 
acceptance of suspensoid antiperspirant sticks of the invention is 
hardness as measured by needle penetration. Typical 
compositions of the invention will range in hardness from about 
7.0 to about 14.0 mm as shown by the above mentioned needle 
penetration test. Products outside this range will typically 
generate low consumer acceptance ratings. 
Id. at 6:23–29. 
 
5. Native (Ex. 1007) 
Native is a printed publication from a website advertising a deodorant 
product sold in 2016. Ex. 1007, 5–8, 11–12, 14–18. Native is advertised as 
a “Deodorant That Isn’t A Chemistry Experiment,” which contains 
“NATURAL INGREDIENTS” and is “ALUMINUM-FREE.” Id. at 5. 
Native lists each ingredient for the Native deodorant stick product, 
including, inter alia, shea butter, beeswax, baking soda, and stearyl alcohol. 
Id. at 6, 11. 
The picture on page 5 of Native, reproduced below, illustrates a 
deodorant product. Id. at 5. 
 
The picture of the Native deodorant product, reproduced above, illustrates 
the deodorant stick in a supine position with the cap removed. Id. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
13 
 
6. Bianchi ’254 (Ex. 1008) 
Bianchi ’254 is titled “ANTIPERSPIRANT STICK 
COMPOSITIONS.” Ex. 1008, code (54). Bianchi ’254 discloses 
“antiperspirant stick compositions comprising specified amounts of 
antiperspirant active; carrier oil comprising volatile silicone oil and non-
volatile masking oil; structurant comprising fatty alcohol and cosmetically 
acceptable wax having a melting point of 75 to 95° C., a portion of wax 
comprises polyethylene in specified amounts.” Id. at code (57). Bianchi 
’254 addresses 
a need for non-whitening fatty alcohol-containing antiperspirant 
sticks, particularly sticks containing fatty alcohol at levels of 
12% by weight or above, more particularly, 15 wt % or above. 
Also desired are non-whitening fatty alcohol-containing sticks 
that have desirable antiperspirant payouts, while providing a 
‘clean’, non-sticky feel. There also remains a need for a non-
whitening fatty-alcohol containing stick that provides desirable 
payout as well as being thermally stable and resistant to dome 
collapse at temperatures of 50° C. 
Id. ¶ 10. Table 5 of Bianchi ’254 provides eight different formulations of 
antiperspirant sticks with each of their respective components and amounts 
listed. Id. ¶ 131. 
Bianchi ’254 explains that the “[t]he hardness of the sticks can be 
measured in a needle penetration test.” Id. ¶ 26. Bianchi ’254 describes the 
method for measuring stick hardness using a “brass/steel tapered needle 
(DIN 51-579)” depth on six locations of the stick, “with the hardness values 
being reported as an average of the six measurements.” Id. ¶ 117. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
14 
 
7. Easy Homemade (Ex. 1009) 
Easy Homemade is a printed publication of a blog post titled “Easy 
Homemade Deodorant Recipe with just 3-Ingredients.” Ex. 1009, 5. Easy 
Homemade describes the blogger’s first experience with natural deodorant, 
but falling “victim to the burning fiery rash you get after using deodorant 
with baking soda.” Id. at 6. Easy Homemade describes that the blogger 
discovered that she “could swap the baking soda with magnesium hydroxide 
- basically the same thing as Milk of Magnesia - and it worked just as well.” 
Id. The Easy Homemade blogger describes melting “two natural 
deodorants” that are aluminum-free, and making a “[h]uge difference” in 
each deodorants’ performance by adding “arrowroot powder and magnesium 
hydroxide to them.” Id. at 7. Easy Homemade provides a deodorant recipe 
and lists “2.15 oz. natural aluminium free deodorant (base) of choice[,] 1 oz. 
arrowroot powder[,] .5 oz. magnesium hydroxide[,]” to which one may 
“[a]dd essential oils if desired.” Id. at 7–8. 
C. Ground I: Anticipated or Obvious over Lesniak 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 3–8, and 11–14 are unpatentable under 
35 U.S.C. § 102 as anticipated or, alternatively, under 35 U.S.C. § 103 as 
obvious over Lesniak. Pet. 27–34. In support of its assertion, Petitioner 
provides a detailed discussion and claim chart explaining how each claim 
limitation is disclosed by Lesniak. Id. Petitioner’s contentions are 
supported by the declaration of Dr. Michniak-Kohn. See, e.g., Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 57–96. 
Patent Owner disagrees and provides several arguments Lesniak does 
anticipate or render obvious the challenged claims. PO Resp. 14–47; Sur-
reply 17–22. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
15 
 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 
that Lesniak renders the challenged claims unpatentable. We address the 
parties’ arguments below. We begin our analysis addressing the disputed 
elements of claim 1. 
1. Independent claim 1 
Claim 1 recites a deodorant stick comprising at least about 25% of a 
liquid triglyceride, an antimicrobial, and a primary structurant with a melting 
point of at least about 50° C. Claim 1 further requires that the deodorant 
stick be free of an aluminum salt. 
Petitioner contends that Lesniak discloses each element of claim 1. 
Pet. 27–28. In particular, Petitioner contends that Lesniak discloses a 
deodorant stick in the form of an antiperspirant stick that does not contain 
aluminum salts. Id. (citing Ex. 1003, 1:16–35, 4:22, 5:5–32, 10:27, 10:32–
33). Petitioner further contends that Lesniak discloses that its compositions 
may comprise at least about 35 wt% of a liquid triglyceride (i.e. 
caprylic/capric triglyceride, citing Ex. 1003, 2:38–39, 9:45–46); about 8 to 
19 wt% of a primary structurant with a melting point of at least about 50° C 
(i.e. beeswax, citing id. at 1:39–54, 2:5–7, 2:24–25); and at least one 
antimicrobial (i.e. zinc oxide, citing id. at 3:39–4:21, 8:31–9:59). Id. at 28. 
Patent Owner responds to Petitioner’s challenge with several 
arguments, which we address below. PO Resp. 16–53. 
a) Whether Lesniak discloses a deodorant stick 
Patent Owner first contends that “Lesniak does not disclose a 
‘deodorant stick,’ as required by the preamble of the sole independent 
claim.” PO Resp. 15. Patent Owner acknowledges that Lesniak suggests 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
16 
 
that “[t]he composition can also be an antiperspirant” (Ex. 1003, 10:27–29), 
but contends that Lesniak fails to “specify any form of antiperspirant, which 
can come in a variety of forms, including aerosol sprays, creams, liquids, 
and gels.” PO Resp. 19 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 55). Patent Owner further 
contends that Lesniak’s “passing references to ‘antiperspirant’ fail to convert 
Lesniak into something other than a reference about the embodied 
sunscreens and diaper creams.” Id. 
 We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments. Rather, we 
agree with Petitioner that Lesniak teaches anhydrous personal care 
compositions where “[t]he composition can . . . be an antiperspirant” and 
“can also be a stick.” Ex. 1003, 9:45, 10:27. Thus, Lesniak discloses a 
deodorant in the form of an antiperspirant. Reply 3 (citing Ex. 1036, 2 (“all 
antiperspirants are deodorants”); Ex. 1037, 246 (same); Ex. 1084, 33 (“the 
main mechanisms through which deodorant products intended to combat 
body odors . . . were the usage of antiperspirants that prevent perspiration”). 
In light of those express disclosures, we are unpersuaded by Patent Owner’s 
arguments that Lesniak fails to disclose a “deodorant stick.” 
Additionally, Patent Owner contends that Lesniak’s compositions 
contain large amounts of zinc oxide (up to 20%) and that a POSA would 
have understood that “zinc oxide, particularly in the high amounts present in 
Lesniak, is not commonly used or useful in deodorants.” PO Resp. 18–19 
(citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 44). We are not persuaded. The evidence of record does 
not support a conclusion that compositions comprising 10 to 30% zinc oxide 
such as disclosed in Lesniak would not be appropriate for deodorants. 
Again, we credit the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn “that deodorants were 
known to contain ranges of zinc oxide that encompass the amount of zinc 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
17 
 
oxide in Lesniak’s compositions.” Ex. 1086 ¶ 9 (citing Ex. 1001, 7:7–19; 
Ex. 1072, 1–2 (disclosing deodorants having “from 0.5 to 20%” zinc oxide)). 
b) Whether antiperspirants must contain aluminum 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak’s antiperspirants must contain 
aluminum. PO Resp. 19–21. Specifically, Patent Owner contends that, 
To a POSA, the term “antiperspirant” means a composition 
containing an aluminum salt or complex—the only antiperspirant 
actives approved by the FDA. See 37 C.F.R. 350. As 
Dr. Lochhead explains, a POSA would have understood that the 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulates antiperspirants as 
drugs and regards deodorants as cosmetics. (Ex. 2011 at ¶ 48.) A 
POSA would have further understood Lesniak’s disclosure of 
“antiperspirant” as requiring the use of an antiperspirant active, 
and the only antiperspirant actives approved by the FDA all 
contain aluminum. (Id. at ¶ 48.) 
PO Resp. 20–21 (footnote omitted); see also Sur-reply 18–19 (“a POSA’s 
understanding of ‘antiperspirants,’ now and at the time of Lesniak, is that 
they contain aluminum” (citing Ex. 1081,1 60:12–14 (“[A] POSA would 
understand if you’re talking about an antiperspirant, it has to have 
aluminum.”); Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 48–51)). 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument. Rather, we agree 
with Petitioner that, “[w]hile [Patent Owner] emphasizes that the FDA 
requires antiperspirants marketed in the U.S. to contain aluminum, 
anticipation and obviousness are distinct from FDA regulatory 
requirements.” Reply 4 (citing Persion Pharms. LLC v. Alvogen Malta Ops. 
Ltd., 945 F.3d 1184, 1193 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“FDA’s approval requirements 
do not undermine the force of the evidence as to obviousness”). Indeed, the 
evidence of record shows that zinc compounds were known antiperspirant 
 
1 Ex. 1081, Dr. Robert Lochhead Deposition Transcript, July 10, 2025. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
18 
 
actives that could be alternatives to aluminum. Id. at 5 (citing Ex. 1003, 
3:39–4:21, 8:46–48, 10:27 (describing zinc-based antiperspirant 
compositions); Ex. 1014 ¶ 20 (“[A]ntiperspirant actives include astringent 
metallic salts, particularly inorganic and organic salts of aluminum, 
zirconium, and zinc, as well as mixtures thereof.”)). 
c) Whether Lesniak enables a deodorant stick 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak fails to provide sufficient 
guidance as to how to formulate a stable deodorant or antiperspirant stick, 
and therefore, is non-enabling. Id. at 24–31 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 52–66). In 
particular, Patent Owner contends that “the only ‘stick’ formulation Lesniak 
expressly teaches is a sunscreen stick.” PO Resp. 25 (citing Ex. 1003, 
Table 7). Patent Owner also directs our attention to the results disclosed in 
Lesniak’s Table 2 and argues that Lesniak’s compositions suffered from 
stability issues. Id. at 26–30; see also Sur-reply 17 (“Lesniak’s Table 2 
shows that even small changes in a composition can yield unstable results,” 
demonstrating that the art is unpredictable.). Patent Owner concludes that 
“Lesniak provides no teaching of a stable ‘deodorant stick,’ no teaching of a 
stable ‘antiperspirant stick,’ and at least nine different sunscreen formulas 
with slight variations that are all unstable.” PO Resp. 30 (citing Ex. 2011 
¶¶ 52–66). 
We find that the evidence of record fails to support Patent Owner’s 
argument that the prior art fails to enable a stable deodorant stick. Rather, 
we are persuaded by Petitioner that Lesniak sufficiently teaches 
compositions with the relevant ingredients and achieves stable compositions 
through the use of a second wax having a melting point of 73 to 90° C. 
Reply 7–8 (citing Ex. 1003, 1:39–54). For example, Lesniak’s compositions 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
19 
 
(nos. 8 and 11) that used such a second wax, namely CastorWax MP80, are 
disclosed as sufficiently stable. Ex. 1003, Table 2. Here, we further credit 
the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn that 
Lesniak teaches how to make stable compositions by including a 
secondary wax, such as castor wax, with a sufficiently high 
melting point. Ex. 1003, 1:39-54, 5:23-32, Table 2. Both of the 
compositions (nos. 8 and 11) tested by Lesniak that had such a 
wax passed the stability tests. 
Ex. 1086 ¶ 7; see also Reply 7–8 (“Lesniak overcame any stability issues, as 
it expressly discloses compositions that are ‘physically stable at high and 
low temperatures.’”) (citing Ex. 1003, 5:23–32)). 
In view of the above, we determine that Lesniak provides sufficient 
disclosure to enable a person of ordinary skill in the art to formulate 
deodorant stick within the parameters of claim 1. 
d) Conclusion as to claim 1 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s analysis that Lesniak 
discloses all elements of claim 1. We are not persuaded to Patent Owner’s 
arguments to the contrary. Accordingly, we determine that Lesniak 
anticipates claim 1. 
D. Ground II: Obviousness over Lesniak and Phinney 
Petitioner asserts that claims 2 and 10 are unpatentable under 
35 U.S.C. § 103 as obvious over the combination of Lesniak and Phinney. 
Claims 2 and 10 depend from claim 1 and further require that the 
antimicrobial to be selected from, among other things, magnesium carbonate 
and magnesium hydroxide. Ex. 1001, 15:44–46, 16:1–14, 16:29–30. 
Petitioner concedes that Lesniak does not expressly teach the use of 
magnesium hydroxide. Pet. 34. However, Petitioner asserts that, in view of 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
20 
 
Phinney, a POSA would have found it obvious to add magnesium hydroxide 
to the composition of Lesniak. Id. Phinney states that metal oxides, such as 
zinc oxide, are not particularly efficacious antimicrobials in deodorants 
when used alone and describes using magnesium hydroxide as an 
antimicrobial in a deodorant stick in combination with zinc oxide. Id. at 35. 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak and Phinney describe entirely 
different uses for their metal oxides/hydroxides. PO Resp. 33. In particular, 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak includes zinc oxide in sunscreen and 
diaper cream compositions as a protective barrier, not for odor control. Id. 
Moreover, Patent Owner contends that “Lesniak’s formulas with high 
concentrations of zinc oxide [are] unsuitable for use as an underarm 
deodorant or antiperspirant.” Id. (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 71; Ex. 1004, 2:33–36 
(“[Z]inc oxide . . . [is] very unreactive against perspiration odour.”), 3:20–
21). Thus, a “POSA would not have been motivated to look at Phinney to 
modify Lesniak or incorporate any additional antimicrobial into Lesniak ‘to 
improve odor protection,’ as odor protection was not a goal of Lesniak’s 
zinc oxide in the first place.” Id. 
Furthermore, Patent Owner contends that Phinney does not suggest a 
combination of zinc oxide and magnesium hydroxide. Id. at 34–35. Rather, 
according to Patent Owner, 
Petitioner cherry picks the single ingredient magnesium 
hydroxide from Phinney’s disclosure of a three- or four-
ingredient combination to combat odor. Phinney explains that to 
combat odor, its compositions contain a combination of (1) 
magnesium hydroxide, and (2) zinc hydroxide, and (3) potassium 
chloride and/or potassium sulfate. (Ex. 1004 at 8:7-31, cl. 1.) 
There are two significant aspects to this multi-part odor fighting 
combination: the requirement of zinc hydroxide, not zinc oxide; 
and the requirement of potassium chloride/sulfate. (Ex. 2011 at 
¶ 72.) 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
21 
 
PO Resp. 34 (emphasis omitted). Patent Owner further contends that 
Lesniak and Phinney are incompatible, arguing that Lesniak’s compositions 
are anhydrous while Phinney’s compositions requires water. Id. at 35 (citing 
2011 ¶ 74); see also Ex. 1004, 4:48–51, 8:22–41 (explaining magnesium 
oxide and zinc oxide are both mixed with water to become their respective 
hydroxides, and that they “must be completely converted to their hydroxides 
or skin irritation will occur”); Sur-reply 20–21. 
We have considered Patent Owner’s arguments but find, on this 
record, Petitioner to have the better position. In particular, we are persuaded 
that a POSA would have been motivated to add magnesium hydroxide to 
Lesniak’s compositions because 
Phinney teaches that: (i) zinc oxide has “low activity” as a 
“deodorant agent”; (ii) magnesium hydroxide is “an effective 
deodorant”; and (iii) zinc and magnesium compounds have 
synergistic effects, hence motivating a POSA to add magnesium 
hydroxide to Lesniak’s zinc oxide deodorants. Ex. 1004, 1:13-
3:16, 5:61-67. 
Reply 10; see also PO Resp. 34–35 (arguing that a POSA would have found 
it obvious to add magnesium hydroxide to the composition of Lesniak 
because zinc oxide is not a particularly efficacious antimicrobial in 
deodorants when used alone, whereas magnesium hydroxide is an effective 
deodorant). 
We acknowledge that Phinney suggests mixing zinc oxide with water 
in order to convert zinc oxide to zinc hydroxide. See, e.g., Ex. 1004, 1:17–
19 (“It was also found that a mixture of the hydroxides of zinc and 
magnesium could provide long lasting protection against odour due to 
perspiration.”). The evidence of record, however, shows that both 
magnesium hydroxide and zinc oxide were known options for deodorant 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
22 
 
antimicrobials, and claims 2 and 10 do not require a minimal level of 
effectiveness such that the combination of magnesium hydroxide and zinc 
oxide would need to outperform any other combination including the 
mixture of zinc and magnesium hydroxides. See In re Fulton, 391 F.3d 
1195, 1200 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (“[O]ur case law does not require that a 
particular combination must be the preferred, or the most desirable, 
combination[.]”). Here, we also credit the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn 
that “POSA would understand that the water-based vs. anhydrous distinction 
is not relevant, as a POSA would understand that magnesium hydroxide 
would still function as an antimicrobial in anhydrous compositions such as 
those disclosed by Lesniak.” Ex. 1086 ¶ 9 (citing Ex. 1072, 1–2, 5 
(disclosing deodorants without added water and with zinc oxide and/or 
magnesium hydroxide)). Accordingly, we are persuaded by Petitioner that a 
POSA would have been motivated to incorporate magnesium hydroxide into 
Lesniak’s composition following Phinney’s guidance, as this combination 
would improve odor protection while maintaining the ‘natural’ composition 
intended by Lesniak. PO Resp. 35–36 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 83–84). 
 
Ultimately, however, it does not matter whether Phinney teaches a 
composition that contains water. “[I]t is not necessary that [two pieces of 
prior art] be physically combinable to render obvious” the claimed subject 
matter. Allied Erecting and Dismantling Co., Inc. v. Genesis Attachments, 
LLC, 825 F.3d 1373, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (quoting In re Sneed, 710 F.2d 
1544, 1550 (Fed. Cir. 1983)). Rather, the question is “whether the claimed 
inventions are rendered obvious by the teachings of the prior art as a whole.” 
In re Etter, 756 F.2d 852, 859 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (noting that whether one 
prior art reference can be incorporated into another is “basically irrelevant.”) 
Lesniak and Phinney undisputedly teach that magnesium hydroxide and zinc 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
23 
 
oxide were known ingredients in personal care products including deodorant 
sticks. The inclusion of magnesium hydroxide and zinc oxide into a single 
product therefore represents, absent evidence to the contrary, “a combination 
of familiar elements according to known methods that does no more than 
yield predictable results.” Agrizap, Inc. v. Woodstream Corp., 520 F.3d 
1337, 1344 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
For the reasons discussed above, we conclude that Petitioner has 
proved by a preponderance of evidence that the combined teachings of 
Lesniak and Phinney render obvious claims 2 and 10. 
E. Ground III: Obviousness over Lesniak and Lamb 
Petitioner asserts that claim 9 is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 
as obvious over the combination of Lesniak and Lamb. Claim 9 depends 
from claim 1 and further requires that the antimicrobial comprises baking 
soda. Ex. 1001, 16:28–29. Petitioner asserts that Lamb discloses a 
deodorant stick that comprises baking soda as an antimicrobial and teaches 
that baking soda is an “excellent deodorant” and “a valuable underarm 
deodorant for common daily usage.” Pet. 38 (citing Ex. 1005, 132–133). 
Petitioner further provides a reason to combine Lesniak and Lamb. Id. 
at 39–40. Specifically, Petitioner contends that, 
While Lesniak discloses natural deodorant compositions 
comprising zinc oxide (a known antimicrobial), it does not 
disclose the use of baking soda as an antimicrobial. By the time 
of the filing of the ’915 Patent, a POSA would have known that 
zinc oxide was not a strong antimicrobial when used alone in 
deodorant formulations. Also, a POSA would have understood 
that deodorant compositions often use multiple antimicrobials. A 
POSA would have found it obvious to use additional or 
alternative antimicrobials in Lesniak’s deodorant compositions 
to enhance odor protection. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
24 
 
Id. at 39. 
Patent Owner contends that POSA would not have been motivated to 
add baking soda to Lesniak’s compositions because baking soda was known 
to cause irritation for some users. PO Resp. 45–47. 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument. Lamb expressly 
teaches baking soda as an effective ingredient in a deodorant. Ex. 1005, 
131–33. Baking soda is also known to cause irritation that may motivate 
some to remove it from deodorants. See Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 97–102. Thus, the 
specific set of advantages and disadvantages for using baking soda in a 
deodorant was known to a person of skill in the art. On this record, the 
inclusion or exclusion of baking soda presents no unexpected result and the 
evidence of record establishes that it would have been an obvious matter of 
design choice within the skill of the art to balance the advantages and 
disadvantages associated therewith. See Medichem, S. A. v. Rolabo, S.L., 
437 F.3d 1157, 1165 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (“a given course of action often has 
simultaneous advantages and disadvantages, and this does not necessarily 
obviate motivation to combine”); see also Winner Int’l Royalty Corp. v. 
Wang, 202 F.3d 1340, 1349 n.8 (Fed. Cir. 2000) (“The fact that the 
motivating benefit comes at the expense of another benefit, however, should 
not nullify its use as a basis to modify the disclosure of one reference with 
the teachings of another.”) 
In view of the above, we determine that the preponderance of the 
evidence establishes that claim 9 would have been obvious over the 
combination of Lesniak, Phinney, and Lamb. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
25 
 
F. Ground IV: Obviousness over Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 
Petitioner asserts that claim 15 is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 
as obvious over the combination of Lesniak and Bianchi ’518. Claim 15 
depends from claim 1 and further requires the deodorant stick to have a 
hardness from about 80 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10, as measured by 
penetration with ASTM-D 1321 needle. Ex. 1001, 16:43–45. Petitioner 
acknowledges that Lesniak does not expressly teach hardness as measured 
by penetration with an ASTM-D 1321 needle. Pet. 41. For this element of 
claim 15, Petitioner relies on Bianchi ’518, which teaches that consumers 
prefer products falling within a hardness range of about 7.0 mm to about 
14.0 mm (equivalent to about 70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10), as measured 
by penetration with a standard ASTM-D 1321 needle. Id. at 41–42 (citing 
Ex. 1006, 2:56–58, 6:23–29). Petitioner contends that it would be obvious 
to formulate Lesniak’s deodorant stick to be within the claimed hardness 
range, which overlaps with ranges known to be acceptable to consumers. Id. 
at 42–44 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 97–100). Furthermore, “[a] POSA would have 
understood that the hardness could be adjusted by altering the amount of the 
primary structurant and/or by incorporating secondary structurants. Id. at 44 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 101). 
Patent Owner contends that the standard hardness test referenced in 
Bianchi-518 is different from the test described in the ’915 patent and 
contends that 
the Bianchi hardness test uses a needle and shaft with double the 
weight of the needle and shaft used in the ’915 Patent (100 grams 
vs. 50 grams), and thus its so-called same or similar hardness 
ranges reflect that the Bianchi compositions are actually 
significantly harder than those claimed in the ’915 Patent (i.e., it 
requires twice the weight of the penetration needle assembly to 
yield similar penetration depths). 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
26 
 
PO Resp. 40 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 83, 85; Ex. 2018,2 5–6 (“Place a 50-g 
weight above the penetrometer needle, making a total load of 100 ± 0.015 g 
for the needle and all attachments.”)). Patent Owner supports its argument 
with the testimony of Dr. Lochhead, who explains that 
The ’915 Patent uses a different testing method. The ’915 Patent 
explains that its invention exhibits a hardness in the range of “80 
mm*10 to about 140 mm*10,” as measured using an ASTM 
D-1321 penetration needle in a test similar to ASTM D-1321, but 
with one significant difference: “the total weight of the shaft and 
needle is 50±0.2 grams when the shaft is in free fall.” (’915 at 
12:24-25.) The ’915 Patent’s method does not include the “50-g 
weight” added to the needle assembly as an additional load, 
which is used in the standard ASTM D-1321 test utilized by 
Bianchi-518. 
Ex. 2011 ¶ 86. Patent Owner further contends that the evidence of record 
fails to support a conclusion that Bianchi-518’s test and the ’915 patent’s 
test would produce overlapping hardness ranges.3 PO Resp. 41. 
We find that the evidence of record fails to support Patent Owner’s 
position that the ’915 patent discloses a unique hardness test. As noted by 
Petitioner, the ’915 patent discloses that hardness was measured by “a 
needle penetration test under ASTM D-1321 (as described herein).” 
Ex. 1001, 3:8–9. The ’915 patent describes that its hardness test was based 
on ASTM D-1321 and used penetration needles “as specified for the ASTM 
D 1321 D 1321/DIN 51 579, Officially certified, Taper-Tipped needle, No. 
 
2 Ex. 2018, ASTM D-1321 Needle Penetration Test Standard (1996). 
3 Patent Owner also asserts that Petitioner improperly submitted evidence 
with its Reply to correlate the hardness test methods of the Bianchi 
references and the challenged claims. Because we do not agree on the 
record before us that these test methods are different, we do not rely on 
Petitioner’s newly submitted evidence and will not further address Patent 
Owner's assertions. Sur-reply 8–14. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
27 
 
H-1310, Humboldt Mfg.” Id. at 11:44–12:15. The ’915 patent further 
discloses that “[p]eriodic calibration should confirm: . . . the total weight of 
the shaft and needle is 50±0.2 grams when the shaft is in free fall.” Id. at 
12:20–26. That disclosure for periodic calibration coincides with the 
requirement under the ASTM D-1321 test that “[t]he final weight of the 
needle shall be 2.5 ± 0.05 g. The total weight of the plunger shall be 47.5 ± 
0.05 g.” Ex. 2018, 5. However, the ASTM D-1321 test also makes clear 
that a 50-gram weight is placed “above the penetrometer needle, making a 
total load of 100 ± 0.15 g for the needle and all attachments,” which is 
consistent with Bianchi-518’s disclosure of a test using 100 grams of weight. 
Ex. 1006, 2:58, 6:25–28. The ’915 patent, on the other hand, fails to 
expressly disclose whether the test was performed without the required 50-
gram weight placed above the penetrometer needle, and its silence to that 
fact is insufficient to persuade us that a different test was ultimately intended 
or performed. Rather, we are persuaded by the following testimony of Dr. 
Michniak-Kohn: 
Dr. Lochhead states that he believes the claimed recitation of a 
hardness range “as measured by penetration with ASTM D-1321 
needle” should not be understood to indicate the ASTM D-1321 
standard, but a modification of that standard. Ex. 2011, 41. As a 
basis for his opinion. Dr. Lochhead focuses on language in the 
’915 Patent that “the total weight of the shaft and needle is 
50±0.2 grams.” Ex. 2011, ¶25. But he omits the preceding 
language, which states that this is the weight to be used for 
“[p]eriodic calibration” to “confirm” that the equipment is in 
proper working order. Ex. 1001, 12:20-29. That “[p]eriodic 
calibration” section precedes a section identifying what needs to 
be confirmed “[a]t the time of use.” Id., 12:30-37. Those two 
sections would suggest to a POSA routine checking of 
equipment. Only after those two sections does the specification 
set forth the test. Id., 12:38-67 (“Sample Preparation and 
Measurement”). Moreover, the “[p]eriodic calibration” comports 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
28 
 
with the ASTM D-1321 standard, which likewise requires that 
the “weight of the needle shall be 2.5 g” and the “weight of the 
plunger shall be 47.5 g,” for a 50-g total weight of the needle 
assembly. Ex. 2018, 5. Although the ASTM D-1321 standard 
further describes using an additional 50-g weight during the test, 
a POSA would not read the ’915 Patent to exclude that weight. 
Rather, a POSA would consult the details of the ASTM D-1321 
standard identified by the ’915 Patent to ensure compliance. 
Ex. 1086 ¶ 3 (alterations in original). 
Accordingly, having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of 
record, summarized above, we determine that a POSA would have been 
motivated to formulate Lesniak’s deodorant stick to be within the claimed 
hardness range, which overlaps with ranges known to be acceptable to 
consumers as disclosed in Bianchi ’518. Pet. 41–44 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 97–
101). 
G. Ground V: Obviousness over Native and Bianchi ’254 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–2, 5–9, and 11–15 are obvious over the 
combination of Native and Bianchi ’254. Pet. 45–63. In support of this 
assertion, Petitioner relies on Native for its teaching of “a natural, 
aluminum-free deodorant stick” marketed and sold in 2016. Id. at 45 (citing 
Ex. 1007, 5, 11). Petitioner contends that a POSA “looking to formulate 
new deodorant compositions would have looked to existing formulations and 
would have understood that commercial deodorant brands typically provided 
ingredient lists of their products on their websites.” Id. at 43. Additionally, 
Petitioner provides a detailed discussion and claim chart explaining how 
each claim limitation is disclosed by the combination of Native and Bianchi 
’254. Id. at 49–63. Petitioner’s contentions are further supported by the 
declaration of Dr. Michniak-Kohn. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 110–164. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
29 
 
Patent Owner disagrees and provides several arguments for why the 
combination of Native and Bianchi ’254 fails. PO Resp. 53–71; Sur-reply 
23–25. 
After considering the parties’ arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that the preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 
that the combination of Native and Bianchi ’254 renders obvious claims 1–2, 
5–9, and 11–15. We address the parties’ arguments below. We begin our 
analysis addressing the disputed elements of claim 1. 
1. Independent Claim 1 
Petitioner contends that Native discloses the features of deodorant 
stick compositions according to claim 1. For example, as the Petition 
discusses, Native discloses an aluminum-free deodorant stick including an 
antimicrobial, a primary structurants with a melting point of at least 50° C, 
and a liquid triglyceride. Pet. 49–54. Petitioner concedes that Native does 
not expressly teach the percentage of each ingredient used such as the 
percentage of liquid triglyceride (carrier oil). Pet. 46. For those elements of 
the dependent claims, Petitioner contends that 
Native sets forth the ingredients in a natural, aluminum-free 
deodorant stick that was being marketed and sold in at least 2016. 
Ex. 1007, 5, 11. The deodorant stick composition is comprised 
of caprylic/capric triglyceride, baking soda, stearyl alcohol, 
hydrogenated castor oil, polyglycerol-3 beeswax, and jojoba 
esters. Id. Silicones, aluminum salts, and synthetic fragrances are 
not included in the composition. Id. As a POSA would have 
understood, Native lists its deodorant stick ingredients in order 
from greatest to least concentration (Ex. 1002, ¶107 (citing Ex. 
1046, 164); however, it does not expressly teach the percentage 
of each ingredient used, including the percentage of liquid 
triglyceride (i.e., carrier oil), stearyl alcohol (i.e., the primary 
structurant), or hydrogenated castor oil (castor wax) (i.e., 
secondary structurants). Ex. 1007, 11. . . . In the absence of 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
30 
 
express teachings on these points, a POSA would have looked to 
other publications in the field containing examples of weight 
percentages for those known components of deodorant sticks. 
Pet. 46–47; see also id. at 49–54 (claim chart). 
Petitioner contends also that “[a] POSA looking to formulate new 
deodorant compositions would have looked to existing formulations and 
would have understood that commercial deodorant brands typically provided 
ingredient lists of their products on their websites.” Id. at 45. For example, 
Petitioner relies on Bianchi ’254 to teach the appropriate concentrations of 
the ingredients of the deodorant stick such as the percentages of liquid 
triglyceride, a carrier oil. See id. at 55–56. Petitioner further contends that 
a POSA would have been motivated to use at least about 25% of 
a liquid triglyceride in a deodorant stick, and would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in doing so, inasmuch as (i) 
Bianchi ’254 already suggests the same with its 20-40% amount, 
(ii) a POSA would have, based on Bianchi ’254’s overall oil 
teachings, used even more of the liquid triglyceride when making 
a stick with only that oil carrier (as taught by Native). 
The overlap between the claimed liquid triglyceride range and 
the ranges in the prior art renders the claim presumptively 
obvious. The ’915 Patent discloses nothing critical or unexpected 
regarding the claimed range relative to the prior art ranges. 
Ex. 1002, ¶¶114-118. 
Pet. 52. 
Patent Owner contends that “[a] POSA seeking to develop an 
aluminum-free deodorant stick would not have been motivated to implement 
the weight percentages disclosed in Bianchi-254, which describes and claims 
antiperspirant formulations containing about 50% by weight of aluminum 
and silicone.” PO Resp. 50 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 108.) Patent Owner further 
contends that Petitioner “does not explain what would have motivated a 
POSA to have implemented the weight-percentages from a non-natural 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
31 
 
antiperspirant stick into the natural, aluminum-free stick of Native (if it is 
even possible), or what a POSA would have substituted for aluminum and 
volatile silicone in order to preserve the same weight percentages without 
the presence of the aluminum active and silicones.” Id. 50–51 (citing 
Ex. 2011 ¶ 109–110.) 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we find Petitioner to have the better position. First, we 
note that Petitioner looks to the teachings of Bianchi ’254 to inform the 
appropriate amount for the ingredients described in Native, not to alter 
Native’s formulation. See Pet. 46 (stating “it would be obvious to formulate 
a deodorant stick such as the stick disclosed by Native using ingredient 
concentrations as taught by Bianchi ’254”). Therefore, Patent Owner’s 
argument that the praise for the Native product would not incentivize a 
POSA to change the Native formulation misses the mark. Petitioner does 
not seek to change Native’s formulation, but verify the amount of the listed 
ingredients. Id. In any event, as Petitioner notes, a reason to arrive at a 
claimed invention does not have to come from a particular identification of 
deficiencies in Native itself. As the Supreme Court noted in KSR, 
motivation may come from “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent.” 550 U.S. at 
420; see Reply 20. 
Furthermore, as Petitioner notes, both Native and Bianchi ’254 are in 
the same field as the ’915 patent—personal care compositions, including 
deodorants and/or antiperspirants. Pet. 49. There is nothing in the record 
that we have found, nor has Patent Owner pointed us to any such evidence, 
to distinguish natural, aluminum-free deodorants from antiperspirants 
containing aluminum in such a way that ingredients of one would not be 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
32 
 
used for the same purpose in the other. As the Supreme Court noted in KSR, 
“[t]he combination of familiar elements according to known methods is 
likely to be obvious when it does no more than yield predictable results.” 
550 U.S. at 416. In fact, as Petitioner points out, Patent Owner in the ’915 
patent “incorporates references disclosing aluminum-containing 
antiperspirants for their disclosure of ‘suitable’ structurants, emulsifiers, 
antimicrobials, and other ingredients.” Reply 23 (citing Ex. 1001, 5:66–6:4, 
10:57–64; Ex. 1041; Ex. 1083; Ex. 1081, 46:22–52:22). 
Moreover, Dr. Michniak-Kohn persuasively asserts on the record 
before us that when looking at particular ingredients of a formulation, a 
POSA would look to other references in the same field—personal care 
compositions, including deodorants and/or antiperspirants—to determine 
how much of each ingredient should be used. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 105–112. 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn further persuasively testifies that the combination of 
Native and Bianchi ’254 teaches the “at least about 25% of liquid 
triglyceride” limitation. Dr. Michniak-Kohn states: 
Bianchi ’254 describes an antiperspirant stick with 40-80% oil. 
In Bianchi ’254, part of the oil carrier (20-40% of the total) is a 
natural oil such as a liquid triglyceride. Ex. 1008, ¶¶ [0017], 
[0050]. Bianchi ’254 also describes that the antiperspirant stick 
further comprised 20-40% of silicone oil. Id., ¶ [0016]. In my 
opinion, a POSA would have understood that silicone oil and 
liquid triglyceride both functioned as “carrier oils” that, among 
other things, solubilize and disperse other ingredients (id., ¶¶ 
[0015], [0023], cl. 17, 18), and therefore would have been 
motivated to use even more liquid triglyceride when formulating 
a natural deodorant stick (like in Native) that did not include, 
e.g., silicone oil, to meet what the ’915 Patent acknowledges was 
an existing consumer preference (Ex. 1001, 1:19-33). A POSA 
would have appreciated that one would want to consider the total 
oil composition as a guide. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
33 
 
Thus, in my opinion, a POSA would have been motivated to use 
at least about 25% of a liquid triglyceride in a deodorant stick, 
and would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing 
so, inasmuch as (i) Bianchi ’254 already suggests the same with 
its 20-40% amount, (ii) a POSA would have, based on Bianchi 
’254’s overall oil teachings, used even more of the liquid 
triglyceride when making a stick with only that oil carrier (as 
taught by Native). 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 116–117. We agree with this assessment of the combination of 
the teachings of Bianchi ’254 and Native. A POSA would have increased 
the amount of liquid triglyceride in Bianchi ’254 in the 40 to 80% range for 
the total amount of oil disclosed in Bianchi ’254, when applied to the Native 
formulation that is natural and does not contain any silicone oil, to arrive at 
the at least 25% by weight liquid triglyceride as recited in claim 1. 
We also agree that this conclusion is supported by the overlapping 
ranges for oil disclosed in Bianchi ’254 and claim 1. Ex. 1002 ¶ 118. 
Further, we agree with Dr. Michniak-Kohn that “there was nothing critical 
or unexpected about the claimed range relative to Bianchi ’254’s ranges. As 
a POSA would have understood, the minor deviations in the ranges yield 
predictable variations in degree and do not produce a different kind of result. 
For example, using more liquid triglyceride generally yields a softer stick, 
merely changing the degree of hardness.” Id. ¶ 145. Patent Owner offered 
no rebuttal to this assessment that changing the amount of liquid triglyceride 
is merely a variation in degree and not result. See KSR, 550 U.S. at 416 
(stating “combination of familiar elements according to known methods is 
likely to be obvious when it does no more than yield predictable results”). 
Moreover, we are not persuaded by the testimony of Dr. Lochhead to the 
contrary. See Ex. 2011 ¶ 106 (“The POSA would not have been motivated 
to consider the teachings of Bianchi-254 in combination with Native, as 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
34 
 
Bianchi-254’s prominent use of non-natural ingredients and aluminum 
would defeat the core objective of Native to provide aluminum-free, natural 
deodorant products.”). 
For at least the reasons discussed above, we determine that Petitioner 
has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 1 would have 
been obvious over Native and Bianchi ’254. 
2. Dependent claim 9 
Claim 9 depends from claim 1 and further requires the deodorant stick 
to comprise baking soda. Petitioner contends that Native’s deodorant stick 
comprised baking soda, which is a known antimicrobial. Pet. 52. 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s rationale for combining 
Native with Easy Homemade to substitute baking soda with magnesium 
hydroxide in Ground 6 is directly contrary to its argument here to use baking 
soda. PO Resp. 60. Patent Owner further contends that that “Petitioner 
makes no effort to reconcile its pro- and anti-baking soda arguments as to 
these claims and explain why a POSA would have been motivated to remove 
baking soda and then also decide to keep it in.” PO Resp. 68 (citing 
Ex. 2011 ¶ 127–128) 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we agree with Petitioner and are not persuaded by Patent 
Owner’s arguments to the contrary. The specific set of advantages and 
disadvantages for using baking soda in a deodorant was known to a person 
of skill in the art. See, e.g., Ex. 1007, 11 (Native’s inclusion of baking 
soda); Ex. 1005, 132–133 (Lamb teaching that baking soda is an “excellent 
deodorant” that “lasts through the entire day.”); Ex. 1017, 5–7 (“[T]he 
absence of baking soda means no itchy, red pits . . . for those of us with 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
35 
 
sensitive skin.”); Ex. 1009, 6, 9 (discussing the “rash you get after using 
deodorant with baking soda”); Ex. 1002 ¶ 150 (“A POSA would have 
known, however, that deodorants containing baking soda (Native’s 
antimicrobial) could cause skin irritation for some users.”). The inclusion or 
exclusion of baking soda presents no unexpected result and the evidence of 
record establishes that it would have been an obvious matter of design 
choice within the skill of the art to balance the advantages and disadvantages 
associated therewith. See, e.g., Medichem, 437 F.3d at 1165 
3. Dependent claim 15 
Claims 15 depends from claim 1 and further requires the deodorant 
stick to have a hardness from about 80 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10, as 
measured by penetration with ASTM-D 1321 needle. Patent Owner 
contends that, “[j]ust like the Lesniak-based grounds, Petitioner cannot show 
its Native combination discloses the hardness range required by claim 15 of 
the ’915 Patent.” PO Resp. 51. Here, Patent Owner reiterates its argument 
that the ’915 patent discloses a hardness test that is distinct from the standard 
ASTM D-1321 test. Id. at 51–55. We have previously addressed this issue 
with regard to the Lesniak grounds and rely on our analysis for that ground 
here. We find this argument unpersuasive to the reasons provided above in 
the Lesniak grounds. See Section III.F. 
4. Dependent claims 2, 5–8, and 11–14 
Petitioner argues that claims 2, 5–8, and 11–14 would have been 
obvious over the combination of Native and Bianchi ’254. Pet. 54–61. 
Patent Owner presents the arguments discussed above regarding the 
limitations of independent claim 1 but does not present arguments or direct 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
36 
 
us to evidence against Petitioner’s challenges that are specific to the 
limitations of dependent claims 2, 5–8, and 11–14. See generally PO Resp. 
Upon review of Petitioner’s undisputed argument, which we adopt as 
our own, and the evidence of record, we determine that Petitioner has 
demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that each of the limitations 
recited in claims 2, 5–8, and 11–14 are suggested by the above-identified 
prior art and that the skilled artisan would have had reason to make the 
combination with a reasonable expectation of success. 
5. Summary 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that claims 1–2, 5–9, and 11–15 would have been obvious over the 
combination of Native and Bianchi ’254. Accordingly, we determine that 
claims 1–2, 5–9, and 11–15 are rendered obvious by the combination of 
Native and Bianchi ’254. 
H. Ground VI: Obviousness over Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy 
Homemade 
Petitioner asserts that claims 3, 4, and 10 are unpatentable under 
35 U.S.C. § 103 as obvious over the combination of Native, Bianchi ’254, 
and Easy Homemade. These claims each depend directly from claim 1 and 
further require that the deodorant stick include the antimicrobial as a powder 
with a water solubility of at most about 90 g/L at 25° C (claim 3); is 
substantially free of baking soda (claim 4); or includes magnesium 
hydroxide in the antimicrobial (claim 10). Pet. 65; Ex. 1001, 16:15–17, 18–
19, 30–31. 
Easy Homemade discloses replacing baking soda with magnesium 
hydroxide as the antimicrobial. Id. (citing Ex. 1009, 6). Petitioner 
concludes “[a] POSA would have been motivated to substitute magnesium 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
37 
 
hydroxide powder for baking soda in the deodorant disclosed in Native for 
[this reason].” Id. Petitioner asserts this combination has a reasonable 
expectation of success because “a POSA would have appreciated that 
deodorant compositions could be formed through various combinations of 
known ingredients, such as antimicrobials, as simple design choices.” Id. at 
49 (citing to Ex. 1002 ¶ 155). 
Patent Owner charges that “Petitioner fails to adequately show why a 
POSA would have been motivated to look at the amateur Easy Homemade 
soap blog in the first place or why a POSA would have found it necessary to 
modify the already-successful Native product.” PO Resp. 58. But as 
Petitioner explained in its Petition, “Easy Homemade is a printed publication 
from a website dedicated to natural deodorant formulations.” Pet. 62. Since 
the Native product is a deodorant stick and Easy Homemade describes how 
to make deodorant compositions, a POSA would have reason to review the 
disclosure of Easy Homemade and apply its teachings, for example, its 
teaching that magnesium hydroxide could be used to replace baking soda as 
an antimicrobial in deodorant compositions. Pet. 63–64 (citing Ex. 1009, 6, 
9); see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 152–154 (Dr. Michniak-Kohn testifying that Native 
was a well-known product, that baking soda was known to “cause skin 
irritation for some users,” and that “it would be obvious to use magnesium 
hydroxide as a substitute to baking soda in the composition of Native, as 
taught by Easy Homemade.”). Hence, contrary to Patent Owner’s 
contention that Petitioner has not articulated why a POSA would be 
motivated to combine Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy Homemade, Petitioner 
has, indeed, articulated a persuasive motivation as to why Native, Bianchi 
’254, and Easy Homemade would be combined. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
38 
 
Patent Owner also asserts that Petitioner misreads Easy Homemade as 
teaching the removal and substitution of baking soda, but “[r]ather, the Easy 
Homemade hobbyist tells her followers to purchase a pre-made baking soda-
free deodorant base—a base Petitioner’s expert could not identify the 
ingredients of—and add some magnesium hydroxide powder to it.” PO 
Resp. 57. Patent Owner further contends that, “[a]s Petitioner’s expert 
confirms, Easy Homemade ‘doesn’t talk about removing any ingredients 
from these sticks; she’s talking about adding ingredients.’” Id. 57–58 (citing 
Ex. 1012, 121:1–9). 
Petitioner responds that using prior art elements according to their 
established functions is obvious. Reply 24 (citing KSR, 550 U.S. at 
417; Intel Corp. v. PACT XPP Schweiz AG, 61 F.4th 1373, 1380-81 (Fed. 
Cir. 2023)). In this case, as Petitioner explains, 
A known antimicrobial for deodorants, baking soda, caused 
irritation for some users, and another known antimicrobial for 
deodorants, magnesium hydroxide, ameliorated that issue when 
substituted for baking soda. Ex. 1002, 63-64; Ex. 1081, 53:6-
55:12. “Nothing more is required to show a motivation to 
combine under KSR.” Intel, 61 F.4th at 1381. 
Reply 24. 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn points to evidence that “a POSA would have 
known that deodorants containing baking soda could cause skin irritation for 
some users” and that “Easy Homemade confirms what a POSA would have 
known—namely, that magnesium hydroxide could be used to replace baking 
soda as an antimicrobial in deodorant compositions.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 152 (citing 
Ex. 1009, 6, 9). Petitioner further notes that Easy Homemade expressly 
discusses substituting magnesium hydroxide for baking soda because Easy 
Homemade states that “baking soda can easily be swapped for magnesium 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
39 
 
hydroxide.” Reply 24 (citing Ex. 1009, 6, 9). We agree with Petitioner that 
“Easy Homemade just directs the POSA to substitute one known 
antimicrobial for another.” Id. 
Finally, Patent Owner contends that Easy Homemade does not qualify 
as publicly accessible prior art because the evidence of record does not 
establish “that interested persons exercising reasonable diligence would have 
been able to locate Easy Homemade at the time of the priority date of the 
challenged patent.” PO Resp. 56. We have considered this argument but 
determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
Easy Homemade was publicly accessible. A reference is considered 
publicly accessible if it is “made available to the extent that persons 
interested and ordinarily skilled in the subject matter or art, exercising 
reasonable diligence, can locate it.” Jazz Pharms., Inc. v. Amneal Pharms., 
LLC, 895 F.3d 1347, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2018). To “determine whether an 
interested researcher would have been sufficiently capable of finding the 
reference and examining its contents,” we “must consider all of the facts and 
circumstances surrounding the disclosure.” In re Lister, 583 F.3d 1307, 1312 
(Fed. Cir. 2009); see also In re Klopfenstein, 380 F.3d 1345, 1350 (Fed. Cir. 
2004) (explaining that a determination of whether a reference qualifies as a 
printed publication “involves a case-by-case inquiry into the facts and 
circumstances surrounding the reference’s disclosure to members of the 
public”). 
Patent Owner’s main argument appears to be that Soap Deli News 
was not indexed. See PO Resp. 61. As Petitioner points out, however, such 
evidence is not necessarily required in all cases. Reply 25 (citing Voter 
Verified, Inc. v. Premier Election Soln’s, 698 F.3d 1374, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 
2012)). “Rather, absent evidence of indexing, testimony indicating that the 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
40 
 
particular online publication or website on which the reference was 
published was well-known to the community interested in subject matter of 
the reference, and that, upon accessing the website, those interested would 
have found the reference using the website’s own search functions can 
support the ultimate determination that a given reference was publicly 
accessible.” Sandoz Inc. v. Abbvie Biotechnology LTD., IPR2018-00156, 
Paper 11, *11–12 (PTAB June 5, 2018) (citing Voter Verified, 698 F.3d at 
1381). 
Petitioner presents evidence from the Wayback Machine for the Easy 
Homemade Blogpost, see Ex. 1009, 1–2, in addition to three other Soap Deli 
News posts, see Exs. 1017–1019. Dr. Mishniak-Kohn testifies “Easy 
Homemade was widely accessible, being part of a series of related ‘Soap 
Deli News’ articles dedicated to deodorant formulations with significant 
engagement from individuals globally.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 151 (citing 
Ex. 1009; Exs. 1016–1018). Dr. Mishniak-Kohn also testifies that “a POSA 
would have appreciated that such websites from independent formulators 
striving for more natural options present an indication of consumer 
preferences, which a POSA would desire to meet in formulating new 
commercial products.” Id. We credit Dr. Mishniak-Kohn’s testimony here, 
and determine that Easy Homemade was publicly accessible and qualifies as 
a printed publication. 
Based on the full record before us, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 3, 4, and 10 would 
have been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy Homemade. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
41 
 
IV. 
CONCLUSION4 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–15 of the ’915 patent are 
unpatentable. 
In summary: 
 
V. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is 
 
4 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claim(s) 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 3–8, 
11–14 
102/103 
Lesniak 
1, 3–8, 11–14 
 
2, 10 
103 
Lesniak, 
Phinney 
2, 10 
 
9 
103 
Lesniak, Lamb 9 
 
15 
103 
Lesniak, 
Bianchi ’518, 
15 
 
1–2, 5–9, 
11–15 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254 
1–2, 5–9, 11–
15 
 
3, 4, 10 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254, Easy 
Homemade 
3, 4, 10 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–15 
 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
42 
 
ORDERED that claims 1–15 of the ’915 patent have been shown to be 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-01105 
Patent 10,966,915 B2 
43 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Justin Oliver 
Sarah Brooks 
VENABLE LLP 
joliver@venable.com 
ssbrooks@venable.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
David Maiorana 
Marlee Hartenstein 
Jesse Wynn 
JONES DAY 
dmaiorana@jonesday.com 
mhartenstein@jonesday.com 
jwynn@jonesday.com