--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 36 
571-272-7822 
Date: March 5, 2025 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
NOVARTIS PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN AND UNIVERSITY 
OF SOUTH FLORIDA, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
 
Before JEFFREY N. FREDMAN, MICHAEL J. FITZPATRICK, and 
SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
SNEDDEN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGEMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
We issue this Final Written Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73 in an inter partes review involving Novartis 
Pharmaceuticals Corporation (“Petitioner”) and University of South Florida 
and Regents of The University of Michigan (collectively, “Patent Owner”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. Based on the record before us, 
we conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 10, 11, and 18 of U.S. Patent No. 10,633,344 (“the 
’344 patent,” Ex. 1001) are unpatentable. 
A. Background and Summary 
Petitioner filed its Petition requesting inter partes review of claims 10, 
11, and 18 of the ’344 patent. Paper 4 (“Pet.”). Patent Owner did not file a 
Preliminary Response. Based on the record before us, we instituted inter 
partes review of all claims and all grounds asserted in the Petition. Paper 8 
(“Institution Decision” or “Dec.”). 
Subsequent to our Institution Decision, Patent Owner filed a Response 
to the Petition (Paper 19, “PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent 
Owner’s Response (Paper 22, “Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-Reply 
(Paper 25, “Sur-Reply”). 
On January 8, 2025, the parties presented arguments at an oral 
hearing. The transcript of the hearing has been entered into the record. 
Paper 35 (“Tr.”). 
B. The ’344 patent 
The ’344 patent discloses “a method for identifying complementary 
chemical functionalities to form a desired supramolecular synthon.” 
Ex. 1001, Abst. In particular, “[t]he subject invention relates to the 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
3 
application of the concepts of crystal engineering towards the design of new 
pharmaceutical solid phases . . . using cocrystal formers that are 
complementary in the sense of supramolecular chemistry, i.e., they form 
supramolecular synthons with pharmaceutical molecules or ions.” Ex. 1001, 
3:29–34, see also id. at 4:10-12 (describing “identifying co-crystal formers 
having chemical functionalities that are complementary with the API.”. The 
’344 patent discloses that “[t]he ability of crystalline self-assemblies to be 
built from a bottom-up approach could provide an exceptional control of the 
design of new phases at a molecular level.” Id. at 2:1–4. Such “novel 
crystalline assemblies can afford improved drug solubility, dissolution rate, 
stability and bioavailability.” Id. at 3:26–28. 
The ’344 patent claims are directed to pharmaceutical compositions 
“comprising a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier and a therapeutically 
effective amount of co-crystal.” Id. at 25:18–20. The co-crystal is a 
“supramolecular synthon,” which “refers to the sum of the components of a 
multi-component noncovalent interaction.” Id. at 9:66–10:1. “[T]he term 
‘multiple-component phase’ refers to any solid material (phase) that is 
sustained by intermolecular interactions between at least two independent 
molecular entities, in any stoichiometric ratio, wherein at least one of the 
independent molecular entities is a pharmaceutical entity.” Id. at 9:10–15. 
Thus, the supramolecular synthon is “formed from stoichiometric amounts 
of at least one active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) and at least one co-
former.” Id. at 25:21–23. 
The API must have a “first chemical functionality that permits 
formation of API homosynthons through non-covalent hydrogen bonding.” 
Id. at 25:24–26. Importantly, the API’s first chemical functionality is 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
4 
limited to one of three functional groups: (i) a carboxamide, (ii) a carbonyl, 
or (iii) an amine. Id. at 25:38–39. 
The ’344 patent describes co-formers as “solvent molecules, other 
drug molecules, GRAS compounds, or approved food additives.” Id. at 
3:35–37. The co-former must have “a second chemical functionality 
complementary to the first chemical functionality via non-covalent hydrogen 
bonding.” Id. at 25:28–30. 
The ’344 patent discloses methods “to identify complementary 
chemical functionalities and produce multiple-component phase 
compositions for a variety of pharmaceuticals.” Ex. 1001, 9:4–6. Figure 24 
of the ’344 patent, reproduced below, “shows an exemplified scheme for 
preparing multiple-component phase compositions of the subject invention.” 
Id. at 7:13–15. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
5 
 
According to Patent Owner, the flow chart provided in Figure 24 is there to 
“assist in the selection of an API and conformer based on their chemical 
functionalities.” PO Resp. 16. 
C. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 10, 11 and 18 of the ’344 patent. In 
mapping the prior art to claim 10, the Petition breaks the claim into seven 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
6 
portions, labeled [10A] through [1G], and organizes its arguments 
accordingly. See, e.g., Pet. 35–43. Claims 10, 11 and 18 are reproduced 
below with the Petitioner’s bracketed labels: 
10. [10a] A pharmaceutical composition comprising a 
pharmaceutically acceptable carrier and a therapeutically 
effective 
amount 
of 
[10b] 
a 
co-crystal 
comprising 
supramolecular synthons, each supramolecular synthon formed 
from 
stoichiometric 
amounts 
of 
at 
least 
one 
active 
pharmaceutical ingredient (API) and at least one co-former, 
[10c] wherein the API has a first chemical functionality 
that permits formation of API homosynthons through non-
covalent hydrogen bonding when the API is in its pure form, 
[10d] wherein the co-former has a second chemical 
functionality complementary to the first chemical functionality 
via non-covalent hydrogen bonding, 
[10e] wherein said co-former is a solid at room 
temperature and atmospheric pressure when the co-former is in 
its pure form, 
[10f] wherein supramolecular synthons are formed via 
non-covalent hydrogen bonding between the first chemical 
functionality of the API and the second chemical functionality of 
the co-former, and 
[10g] wherein the first chemical functionality is (i) a 
carboxamide, (ii) a carbonyl, or (iii) an amine. 
11. The pharmaceutical composition of claim 10, wherein the 
supramolecular synthon comprises a heterosynthon dimer 
formed by non-covalent hydrogen bonding of the API to the 
co-former. 
18. The pharmaceutical composition of claim 10, wherein the 
first chemical functionality is a carboxamide. 
Ex. 1001, 25:18–39, 25:40–43, 26:22–23. 
D. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
7 
Ex. 1004, Hickey et al., “Performance Comparison of a 
Co-Crystal of Carbamazepine with Marketed Product,” 67 EUR. 
J. PHARM. & BIOPHARM. 112–119 (2007) (“Hickey”). 
Ex. 1005, Almarsson, US Pat. No. 7,927,613 B2, published 
April, 19, 2011 (“Almarsson”). 
Ex. 1006, Martindale, The Complete Drug Reference (37th ed. 
2011) (“Martindale”). 
Petitioner also relies on the Declaration of Robin D. Rogers, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 1002) and Leah Appel, Ph.D. (Ex. 1003) to support its contentions. 
Patent Owner relies on the Declaration of Michael D. Ward, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2014) to support its contentions. 
E. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 10, 11 and 18 would have been 
unpatentable on the following grounds: 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §1 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
10, 11, 18 
102(b) 
Hickey 
2 
10, 11, 18 
102(b)/103(a) Almarsson 
3 
10, 11, 18 
103(a) 
Almarsson, Hickey, Martindale 
F. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA” or 
“POSITA”) at the time of the invention 
would have had a Ph.D. in chemistry or a related field with at 
least two years of experience in solid state chemistry, including 
experience preparing multiple-component crystalline solids and 
evaluating their single crystal structures. Alternatively, a POSA 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 
Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. § 103, effective March 16, 
2013. Because the application leading to the ’344 patent claims priority to 
an application filed before March 16, 2013, we apply the pre-AIA version of 
35 U.S.C. § 103. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
8 
would have had a Ph.D. in chemistry, pharmacy, or a related field 
with at least two years of experience in formulation of 
pharmaceutical compositions, and the POSA would consult with 
others having ordinary experience in other disciplines, such as 
solid-state chemistry, including experience preparing multiple-
component crystalline solids and evaluating their single crystal 
structures. 
Pet. 7–8. “Patent Owners do not contest the level of ordinary skill in the art 
set forth in the Petition.” PO Resp. 11. 
Because Petitioner’s unopposed definition is consistent with the ’344 
patent and the prior art of record, we adopt that definition. See Okajima v. 
Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1354–55 (Fed. Cir. 2001); In re GPAC Inc., 57 
F.3d 1573, 1579–80 (Fed. Cir. 1995); In re Oelrich, 579 F.2d 86, 91 (CCPA 
1978). 
G. Claim Construction 
We interpret a claim “using the same claim construction standard that 
would be used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 
282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2019). Under this standard, we construe 
the claim “in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such 
claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution 
history pertaining to the patent.” Id. 
Petitioner proposes constructions for the terms “active pharmaceutical 
ingredient (API)”, “API homosynthons”, “carbonyl”, “carboxamide”, 
“co-former”, “heterosynthon dimer”, and “supramolecular synthon.” Pet. 
9–10. Petitioner represents that the proposed constructions have been agreed 
to between the parties in parallel litigation, or agreed upon such that “the 
disputed portions are not relevant to the issues raised in this Petition.” Id. 
at 8; see also PO Resp. 12 (“Patent Owners agree with the application of the 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
9 
parties’ constructions from the district court litigation identified in the 
Petition.”). We have reviewed each of these constructions and adopt 
Petitioner’s proposed constructions. Petitioner’s constructions align with the 
plain words of the claims, are consistent with the prosecution history of the 
’344 patent, and find support in the uncontroverted testimony of Dr. Rogers. 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 55–64; Ex. 1016, 256–58, 261–63. 
In addition, according to Petitioner, “[t]he parties agree that co-former 
is used synonymously with co-crystal former and that a co-former is a 
component of a co-crystal.” Id. at 9. Petitioner construes the term “co-
crystal” to mean “[a] multiple-component, single crystalline phase, having a 
fixed stoichiometry of its component compounds.” Id. at 10. Petitioner 
states that the proposed construction of the term “co-crystal” is “currently 
disputed in parallel litigation; however, because the claims are unpatentable 
under Patent Owners’ constructions, Petitioner adopts those constructions 
solely for the purpose of this Petition.” Id. at 8. We also adopt Petitioner’s 
proposed construction of “co-crystal” for the purposes of this Decision. 
We determiner no other terms require express construction. See Nidec 
Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co. Ltd., 868 F.3d 1013, 
1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (per curiam) (claim terms need to be construed “only 
to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy”) (quoting Vivid Techs., 
Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). To the 
extent further discussion of the meaning of any claim term is necessary to 
our decision, we provide that discussion below in our analysis of the asserted 
grounds of unpatentability. 
II. EFFECTIVE FILING DATE OF THE CHALLENGED CLAIMS 
The ’344 patent issued from U.S. application Ser. No. 14/179,862 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
10 
(“the ’862 application”), filed on February 13, 2014, which claims priority 
as a continuation to U.S. application Ser. No. 10/378,956 (“the ’956 
application”), filed Mar. 3, 2003, and to U.S. Provisional Application Ser. 
No. 60/360,768, filed Mar. 1, 2002 (collectively, “the Priority 
Applications”). Ex. 1001, at [21], [22], [60], [63]. 
Petitioner contends that “Patent Owner[] will be unable to meet their 
burden of production of showing written description and enablement support 
for the challenged claims as of those 2002/2003 filing dates [of the Priority 
Applications], as required by 35 U.S.C. §§ 112 and 120 (pre-AIA).” Pet. 11. 
“As a result, the earliest possible priority date for the challenged claims is 
the February 13, 2014 filing date of the ’862 application.” Id. 
Patent Owner contends that “[t]he asserted references are not prior art 
to the ʼ344 Patent because at least the ʼ956 Application provides written 
description support for and enables the Challenged Claims, which are 
therefore entitled to a priority date no later than 2003 and predates all of the 
asserted prior art.” PO Resp. 16. 
For the reasons discussed below, we find that the specification of the 
’956 application2 fails to provide adequate written description support for 
the challenged claims. Accordingly, we determine that the effective filing 
 
2 In the parties’ briefs and in the discussion that follows, references are made 
to the ’344 patent, the ’956 application, and to the specification generally. 
Because the ’344 patent claims the benefit of priority to the ’956 application 
as a continuation, the two documents share a common specification, apart 
from their claims as filed. Thus, any general reference to “the specification” 
applies equally to the ’344 patent specification and the specification of the 
’956 application as the two documents contain a substantively identical 
disclosure. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
11 
date for claims 10, 11, and 18 is February 13, 2014, the filing date the ’344 
patent. 
A. Principles of Law 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016). The burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent Owner. 
Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 
(Fed. Cir. 2015). However, the burden of production is on the Patent Owner 
to show that the claim is entitled to a filing date prior to the date of the 
alleged prior art. See Tech. Licensing Corp. v. Videotek, Inc., 545 F.3d 
1316, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 2008). That is, Patent Owner must come forward with 
evidence and argument showing that the challenged claim is supported by 
the written description of the priority applications. 
Pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 120, a patent application is entitled to assert 
priority to the filing date of a prior application only “for an invention 
disclosed [in the prior application] in the manner provided by” 35 U.S.C. 
§ 112. The test for sufficiency of a written description under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 112, ¶ 1, is whether the earlier application’s disclosure “reasonably 
conveys to those skilled in the art that the inventor had possession of the 
claimed subject matter as of the filing date.” Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly 
& Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2010) (en banc). That “test requires 
an objective inquiry into the four corners of the specification from the 
perspective of a person of ordinary skill in the art.” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1351. 
“[T]he level of detail required to satisfy the written description requirement 
varies depending on the nature and scope of the claims and on the 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
12 
complexity and predictability of the relevant technology.” Id. (citing Capon 
v. Eshhar, 418 F.3d 1349, 1357–58 (Fed.Cir.2005)). 
For a genus claim, written description support may be found where 
the specification identifies “either a representative number of species falling 
within the scope of the genus or structural features common to the members 
of the genus so that one of skill in the art can ‘visualize or recognize’ the 
members of the genus.” Id. at 1350 (citing Regents of the Univ. of 
California v. Eli Lilly & Co., 119 F.3d 1559, 1568 (Fed. Cir. 1997)). That 
“requires a precise definition, such as by structure, formula, chemical name, 
physical properties, or other properties, of species falling within the genus 
sufficient to distinguish the genus from other materials.” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 
1350 (citations omitted). “Otherwise, one has only a research plan, leaving 
it to others to explore the unknown contours of the claimed genus.” AbbVie 
Deutschland GmbH & Co. v. Janssen Biotech, Inc., 759 F.3d 1285, 1300 
(Fed. Cir. 2014). 
Adequate written description may be present in “functional” 
terminology “when the art has established a correlation between structure 
and function.” Amgen Inc. v. Sanofi, 872 F.3d 1367, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2017) 
(citing Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350). 
B. Petitioner’s Contentions 
According to Petitioner, “[t]he challenged claims are extremely broad 
[because] [t]hey are not limited to a specific co-crystal, or even a small 
group of co-crystals.” Pet. 12. In particular, Petitioner contends that the 
recited API and co-former are each selected from a large genus of potential 
APIs and co-formers, respectively. Pet. 12 (“the API may be selected from a 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
13 
large genus of potential APIs and the co-former from a large genus of 
potential co-formers”) (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 69–74). Petitioner asserts that, 
beyond specifying that the API must have a carboxamide, 
carbonyl, or amine first chemical functionality, and the 
supramolecular synthons must comprise certain hydrogen bonds, 
the challenged claims do not limit the structure of the co-crystal 
or its API and co-former components. [Ex. 1002] ¶¶ 69–74. 
Essentially, limitless structural variations are permitted. 
Id.; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 72–74 (Dr. Rogers testifying that “the API and co-
former can be present in any stoichiometric ratio, and additional molecules 
like solvent molecules can also be part of the co-crystal (see, e.g., dependent 
claim 16 which discusses such solvates of co-crystals), making the number 
of possible co-crystals covered by the challenged claims almost infinite.”). 
Petitioner further asserts that there are no structural features common 
to all embodiments of the challenged claims “because the challenged claims 
do not limit the structure of the API (beyond specifying the first chemical 
functionality) or the co-former of the claimed co-crystals, let alone their 
structures when combined into a co-crystal.” Pet. 13 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 69, 
75). To that point, Dr. Rogers notes that the claims recite 
function, not structure, i.e., the co-crystal is formed from the API 
and co-former, the API and co-former must form supramolecular 
synthons between the first chemical functionality of the API 
(carboxamide, carbonyl, or amine) and the unspecified 
complementary second chemical functionality of the co-former, 
and the API must permit formation of API homosynthons 
through noncovalent hydrogen bonding when the API is in its 
pure form. 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 69. 
Petitioner asserts also that “[t]he Priority Applications fail to provide a 
representative number of species to support the breadth of the challenged 
claims.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 69, 75–82). Petitioner argues that “there are 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
14 
only ten Examples where the API has a carboxamide or amine and the co-
former is solid, as required by the challenged claims.” Pet. 13 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 76–77). Specifically, Example 2 discloses a co-crystal with 
“hydrogen bonding of adjacent phenytoin molecules between the carbonyl 
and the amine closest to the tetrahedral carbon.” Ex. 1001, 12:44–46. 
Example 7 discloses a co-crystal with “hydrogen bonded carboxamide 
homodimers that crystallize in the space group C2/c.” Id. at 16:24–26. 
Examples 8, 9, and 14 disclose co-crystals with “hydrogen bonded 
carboxamide homodimers.” Id. at 17:13–14, 18:1–2, 21:3–4. Example 10 
discloses a molecule where “[e]ach hydrogen on the CBZ 1° amine is 
hydrogen bonded to a carbonyl group of a different 2,6-pyridinedicarboxylic 
acid moiety.” Id. at 18:53–55. Example 12 discloses a co-crystal with 
“hydrogen bonded carboxamide-carboxylic heterodimers.” Id. at 20:1–2. 
Example 15 discloses a co-crystal with “hydrogen bonded carboxamide-
carboxylic heterodimers between the carbamazepine moieties and the 
butyric acid moieties.” Id. at 21:36–38. Example 16 discloses a co-crystal 
with “hydrogen bonded carboxamide homosynthon.” Id. at 22:1–2. 
Example 17 discloses a co-crystal with a “hydrogen bonded carboxamide 
homodimers between two carbamazepine moieties and carboxylic acids 
homodimers between two formamide moieties.” Id. at 22:38–41. Thus, 
according to Petitioner, “[t]hese ten Examples (involving only three different 
APIs with a carboxamide or amine and no examples of an API with a 
carbonyl first chemical functionality) are not representative of all APIs and 
co-formers that provide co-crystals encompassed by the challenged claims.” 
Pet. 15–16 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 76–78). Petitioner asserts that “the Priority 
Applications do not provide any correlation between the structure of any 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
15 
given co-former or its ‘second chemical functionality’ and the function 
required by the claims.” Id. at 16 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 77–78, 80–82). 
Finally, Petitioner contends that “no Example in the Priority 
Applications involves a co-crystal where the API has a first chemical 
functionality that is a carbonyl.” Pet. 13 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 76). 
C. Patent Owner’s Response 
Patent Owner alleges that “a POSITA would recognize that the 
claimed co-crystals have similar structures based on the hydrogen bonding 
between the active pharmaceutical ingredients and their co-formers.” PO 
Resp. 2. Patent Owner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood the well-known principles of hydrogen bonding, 
including the work of Dr. Etter who published a set of rules regarding the 
general principles of hydrogen bonding and the application of those general 
principles to co-crystals. Id. at 7 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 38–43; Ex. 2005 (Etter 
Rules) 124–125). Patent Owner contends that “[t]he well-known principles 
of hydrogen bonding, including those set forth by Dr. Etter . . . , would allow 
a POSITA to predict whether a co-crystal of an API satisfying [the 
challenged claims] would form, regardless of whether a particular 
polymorph of a co-crystal forms or not.” Id. at 17. 
Patent Owner further contends that co-crystals were well-known in 
the art. Id. at 10 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶ 31 (“knowledge of pharmaceutical co-
crystals was emerging”). Patent Owner contends that “a POSITA would 
have viewed co-crystallization of an API as [a] purification step in the 
formulation of a pharmaceutical composition.” Id. at 8 (citing Ex. 2014 
¶ 44). Patent Owner further contends that “[a] POSITA would also have 
understood the basic principles of formulating a pharmaceutical 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
16 
composition, including testing the various properties of a formulation such 
as solubility.” Id. Thus, according to Patent Owner, a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have understood “the types of available solvents and 
co-formers appropriate for pharmaceutical use, and the solvent(s) and co-
former(s) in which the API and co-former prospects would or would not be 
soluble.” PO Resp. 8–9 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶ 44). 
Using that knowledge, a POSITA would look to “FDA-approved 
solvents, co-formers, and/or GRAS compounds” in the crystallization step. 
Id. at 19 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 44-45). “Then, a POSITA would then have 
been able to use high-throughput crystallization to quickly and easily 
identify for the appropriate conditions under which a co-crystal would form 
by, for example, testing numerous solvents at once.” Id. (citing Ex. 2014 
¶¶ 47–49); see also id. at 10–11 (A POSITA would then have been able to 
apply the well-known methods of high-throughput screening “to identify and 
optimize the conditions for co-crystallization.”). Thus, “a POSITA would 
have been able to identify, for example, different solvents to see which could 
be used to form a co-crystal.” Id. at 10–11 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 48–49). 
D. Petitioner’s Reply 
Petitioner first contends that Patent Owner “did not contest that the 
’956 application lacks disclosure of a representative number of species” and 
therefore waived any argument under this test for written description. Reply 
12. Regarding the common structural features test, Petitioner contends that 
Patent Owner’s argument focuses on the co-crystals themselves and does not 
address which of the large genus of co-formers will form co-crystals with 
any given API in the large genus of APIs. Reply 13 (citing PO Resp. 2). 
Petitioner contends that, 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
17 
apart from disclosing a handful of co-crystals actually made, the 
examples do not enable[3] the POSA to visualize or recognize 
which other combinations of APIs and co-formers will in fact 
form the claimed co-crystals. Ex. 1072, ¶¶79-84. The examples 
fail to account for the diversity and breadth of claims, 
encompassing myriad combinations of no less than 50 APIs, 
thousands of co-formers, and 27 solvents. 
Id. at 14. Petitioner notes also that none of the examples in the Priority 
Applications exemplify co-crystals where a “carbonyl” or “amine” was used 
as a “first chemical functionality.” Id. (citing Ex. 1072 ¶¶ 79, 83); see also 
Ex. 1072 ¶ 15 (“Dr. Ward’s own Appendix C does not identify any 
examples in the ’344 patent or ’956 application wherein the first chemical 
functionality of the API is a carbonyl or amine—two of the three first 
chemical functionality options for claims 10 and 11.”); Ex. 2014, 
Appendix C. Thus, according to Petitioner, Patent Owner fails to identify 
any “structural features common to APIs and co-formers that enable a POSA 
to reasonably predict which ones would form a claimed synthon or co-
crystal.” Id. at 13–14 (Ex. 1002 ¶ 75; Ex. 1072 ¶ 78). “In view of the large 
number of possible APIs and co-formers, and the fact that co-crystal 
formation was (and still is) unpredictable . . . , Patent Owners have disclosed 
nothing more than a research plan.” Id. at 14. 
 
3 Patent Owner takes issue with Petitioner’s use of the term “enable” here, 
suggesting that Petitioner’s arguments conflate the written description and 
enablement requirements under 35 U.S.C. § 112. Sur-Reply 10–11. We are 
not persuaded that Petitioner’s use of the term “enable” in any way 
undermines its argument, especially in view of Petitioner’s use of the phrase 
“visualize or recognize” in the same sentence, language that is used in Ariad 
to articulate the written description requirement. Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350. 
Rather, we find Petitioner’s use of “enable” in this context to be 
synonymous with “allow” or “permit” and that the basis of Petitioner’s 
argument concerns the written description standard articulated in Ariad. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
18 
Petitioner further contends that basic knowledge of hydrogen bonding 
principles or high-throughput screening methodology does not establish a 
structure-function correlation nor does it overcome the lack of predictability 
in co-crystal synthon formation. Id. at 15–17 (Ex. 1072 ¶¶ 43–45, 85–92). 
E. Patent Owner’s Sur-reply 
Patent Owner contends that “Petitioner ignores the high level of 
education and training of a POSITA when analyzing whether the inventors 
were in possession of the claimed invention.” Sur-Reply 7–8. In particular, 
Patent Owner contends that “Petitioner ignores a POSITA’s extensive 
knowledge of hydrogen bonding and pharmaceutical formulation” in its 
assessment alleging lack of written description support. Id. at 8. In 
particular, Patent Owner contends that the specification need not provide 
details of Etter’s rules concerning hydrogen bonding, pharmaceutical 
preformulations, and high-throughput screening methodology as all of this 
knowledge was well known in the art. More specifically, Patent Owner 
contends that the Etter rules were well known in the art and “that Etter’s 
rules do, in fact, work.” Sur-Reply 3 (citing (Ex. 1081, 1; Ex. 1082, 7). 
“Thus, contrary to Petitioner’s assertions otherwise, a POSITA would be 
able to use Etter’s rules to predict and expect the formation of the claimed 
co-crystals.” Id. at 5. Patent Owner concludes that “[t]he ʼ344 patent need 
not, therefore, delineate each and every step of the ‘preformulation’ work 
that the Petitioner identifies is missing – a POSITA would bring that 
education, training, and knowledge to the table.” Id. 
Patent Owner further contends that 
a POSITA in 2003 would have an understanding of hydrogen 
bonding and, therefore, understand which APIs and co-formers 
were likely to form a co-crystal. For example, the POSITA would 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
19 
have: (1) an understanding of the likelihood of certain functional 
groups forming supramolecular synthons; (2) an understanding 
of a ranking of certain functional groups to form supramolecular 
synthons in the event multiple hydrogen bonding groups were 
present; and (3) sufficient working knowledge of whether 
hydrogen bonds between the API and some collection of co-
formers were likely and, in the event of multiple potential 
synthons, the POSITA would have had a working knowledge of 
which ones would be preferred, even though other factors could 
impact synthon formation. 
Id. at 9–10 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 54–55). Here, Dr. Ward testifies that, by 
following Etter’s rules, “a POSA in 2002/2003 would also have a good 
understanding of the likelihood of certain functional groups forming 
supramolecular synthons, and indeed would understand the ranking of the 
likelihood of their formation in the event multiple hydrogen-bonding groups 
were present.” Ex. 2014 ¶ 54. 
F. Analysis 
Written description support may be found where the specification 
identifies either a representative number of species falling within the scope 
of the genus or structural features common to the members of the genus. 
Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350. In this case, the challenged claims recite certain 
co-crystals, supramolecular synthons,4 formed between at least one API and 
at least one co-crystal former (co-former). Ex. 1001, 25:18–23 (claim 10); 
Pet. 9. Claim 10 requires the at least one API to have a carboxamide, a 
carbonyl, or an amine first chemical functionality. Id. The claims do not 
 
4 The term “supramolecular synthon” refers to “[t]he sum of the components 
of a multiple-component non-covalent interaction, wherein the non-covalent 
interaction contributes to the formation of a discrete supramolecular entity or 
polymeric structure, wherein each component is a chemical functionality.” 
Pet. 10. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
20 
limit the structure of co-former or the resulting co-crystal. Additionally, the 
specification of the ʼ956 application states that the co-formers can be 
“solvent molecules, other drug molecules, GRAS compounds, or approved 
food additives.” Ex. 1015 ¶ 9; see also id. at ¶ 42 (“The identified co-crystal 
formers can be, for example, a different API, a GRAS compound, a food 
additive, a low toxicity organic, or a metal-organic complex.”). The ʼ956 
application discloses that GRAS compounds are compounds “Generally 
Regarded as Safe by the [Food and Drug Administration (FDA)],” and is 
preferably a non-pharmaceutical entity. Id. at ¶ 51. Thus, taken together, 
the ʼ956 application discloses that the co-former recited in the challenged 
claims may be one of a solvent molecule, a pharmaceutical entity, a non-
pharmaceutical entity, a food additive, a low toxicity organic, or a metal-
organic complex. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we find that the parent ʼ956 application fails to disclose 
a representative number of species “so that one of skill in the art can 
‘visualize or recognize’ the members of the genus” recited in the challenged 
claims. Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350. The specification discloses ten Examples, 
consisting of three unique APIs and ten unique co-formers, which we find to 
not adequately representative of all APIs and co-formers that provide co-
crystals encompassed by the challenged claims. Ex. 1015 ¶ 56–177; Pet. 
13–15. Here, we credit Dr. Roger’s undisputed testimony that there are 
“thousands of known drug molecules,” “well over one hundred GRAS 
compounds,” and thus, “[v]ery conservatively, thousands of molecules 
would have qualified as a co-former as the term is used in the ’344 patent’s 
challenged claims.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 72–73. 
 We also agree with Petitioner’s assertion that “there are no structural 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
21 
features common to all embodiments of the challenged claims” as the 
structure of the co-former is not limited or structurally defined by the 
specification. Pet. 13. Here, we credit the testimony of Dr. Roger stating 
that the claims recite functional limitations, highlighting the fact that the 
choice of co-former is based on whether the API and co-former are capable 
of forming a co-crystal through non-covalent hydrogen bonding 
(supramolecular synthons), rather than common structural feature among 
specific co-formers. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 69, 75, 89–100; Ex. 1072 ¶¶ 74–77. 
For a functionally-defined genus, “the written description requirement 
[can be met] when the art has established a correlation between structure and 
function.” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350. Here, the challenge claims recite two 
types of functional limitations. First, independent claim 10 requires the co-
former to have a second chemical functionality, which is defined as being 
complementary to the first chemical functionality via non-covalent hydrogen 
bonding. That is, the co-former’s second chemical functionality must be 
complementary to either a carboxamide, carbonyl, or amine functionality of 
an API via non-covalent hydrogen bonding. Second, the non-covalent 
hydrogen bonding between the first chemical functionality of the API and 
the second chemical functionality of the co-former must result in the 
formation of supramolecular synthons. 
As Dr. Rogers explains, the specification fails to provide any 
correlation between the structure of a disclosed co-former or its “second 
chemical functionality” and the function required by the claims, i.e., forming 
co-crystals that contain supramolecular synthons between an API and co-
former via hydrogen bonding. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 77–78, 80–82. The specification 
provides examples that show that supramolecular synthons can be formed 
with certain combinations of APIs ((carbamazepine, acetaminophen, and 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
22 
phenytoin)) and co-formers (bipyridine (Example 1), 4,4’-bipyridine 
(Examples 3-5), p-phthalaldehyde (Example 7), nicotinamide (Example 8), 
saccharin (Example 9), 2,6-pyridinedicarboxylic acid (Example 10), 5-
nitroisophthalic acid (Example 11), and adamantanetetracarboxylic acid 
(Example 13)). Ex. 1001, 11:60–24:2; Ex. 1002 ¶ 77. However, the 
specification lacks any teaching of a correlation between the structure of any 
given co-former and its ability to form a supramolecular synthon with an 
API as encompassed by the challenged claims. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the specification fails to disclose a 
correlation between structure and function. Rather, Patent Owner contends 
that “well-known principles of hydrogen bonding . . . would allow a 
POSITA to predict whether a co-crystal of an API satisfying [the challenged 
claims] would form.” PO Resp. 17. Patent Owner explains that 
the POSITA would have: (1) an understanding of the likelihood 
of certain functional groups forming supramolecular synthons; 
(2) an understanding of a ranking of certain functional groups to 
form supramolecular synthons in the event multiple hydrogen 
bonding groups were present; and (3) sufficient working 
knowledge of whether hydrogen bonds between the API and 
some collection of co-formers were likely and, in the event of 
multiple potential synthons, the POSITA would have had a 
working knowledge of which ones would be preferred, even 
though other factors could impact synthon formation. 
Sur-Reply 10 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 54–55). Patent Owner also directs our 
attention to Figure 24 of the ’344 Patent (see Sec. I.B., supra.) that is 
provided “to assist in the selection of an API and co-former based on their 
chemical functionalities.” PO Resp. 16. Thus, according to Patent Owner, 
in view of the “POSITA’s extensive knowledge of hydrogen bonding and 
pharmaceutical formulation,” the express disclosure of which APIs and co-
formers were likely to form a co-crystal is not required to satisfy the written 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
23 
description requirement. Sur-Reply 8–10. 
Patent Owner supports its contentions with the testimony of Dr. Ward. 
Ex. 2014. Dr. Ward testifies that 
the well-known principles of hydrogen bonding, including those 
set forth by Dr. Etter, would allow a POSA to postulate whether 
a co-crystal of an API satisfying claims 10, 11, and/or 18 would 
likely form, regardless of whether a particular polymorph of a 
co-crystal forms or not. Specifically, in 2002/2003 a POSA 
would have understood the likelihood of certain functional 
groups (e.g., carboxylic acids, amines, nitro, amides, pyridines, 
alcohols) to form supramolecular synthons and crystal packing 
motifs defined by those synthons, based on numerous examples 
in single-component crystals and literature descriptions of 
hydrogen-bonding patterns . . . . 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 54; see also id. at ¶¶ 38–43 (Dr. Ward summarizing the work of 
Dr. Etter and her hydrogen bonding rules (“Dr. Etter’s rules”)). Dr. Ward 
further testifies that “a POSA would have a good working knowledge of 
likely hydrogen-bonding interactions between a carboxamide and other 
hydrogen-bonding groups of co-formers, particularly because of the 
hydrogen-bonding motifs and ‘rules’ studied for more than a decade prior to 
2002/2003.” Id. at ¶ 55. 
We have considered Patent Owner’s arguments and evidence, but are 
not persuaded. Rather, we determine that the specification fails to describe 
the requisite structure-function correlation sufficient to provide written 
description support for the claimed invention, and further that basic 
knowledge of hydrogen bonding principles combined with high-throughput 
screening methodology is insufficient to establish or replace a structure-
function correlation for the purposes of assessing written description 
support. As stated by Dr. Rogers, 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
24 
high-throughput 
screening 
is 
a 
methodology—without 
performing the experiments, it would not have provided a POSA 
with any guidance as to which co-crystallization methods, 
conditions, and variables to use for a given API and co-former 
combination, much less a specific stoichiometric ratio of API to 
co-former, nor how to optimize them or reduce the number of 
experiments required to prepare co-crystals within the full scope 
of the challenged claims. In designing a high-throughput screen, 
a POSA would need to identify the methods, conditions and 
variables to use. 
Ex. 1072 ¶ 50. 
We recognize that a POSA’s perspective is key to the written 
description inquiry and many factors may inform the adequacy of a 
specification’s disclosure, including “the existing knowledge in the 
particular field, the extent and content of the prior art, the maturity of the 
science or technology, [and] the predictability of the aspect at issue.” 
Capon, 418 F.3d at 1359. Under the circumstances presented here, however, 
we determine that the basic knowledge of hydrogen bonding principles or 
high-throughput screening methodology is insufficient to overcome the lack 
of predictability in co-crystal synthon formation. Here, we credit the 
testimony of both Dr. Ward and Dr. Rodgers that high-throughput screening 
methodologies (generally, not even specific to co-crystals) was just 
emerging and its potential had just begun to be realized. Ex. 2014 ¶ 49 
(citing Ex. 2011, 275, 279); Ex. 1072 ¶ 45 (citing Ex. 2011, 285). We 
further credit the testimony of Dr. Rogers that 
neither Dr. Ward nor Patent Owners provide any evidence that 
high-throughput screening had been used by anyone as of March 
2003 to evaluate or optimize co-crystallization conditions to 
prepare novel co-crystals, let alone those within the scope of the 
challenged claims. Nor does either provide any evidence of how 
a POSA would do so, or that high-throughput screening for this 
purpose was within the POSA’s capabilities or routinely used. In 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
25 
fact, Luu 2012 (Ex. 1077) explains that Remenar (Ex. 2008), 
which was published in June 2003 (i.e., after the March 2003 date 
of the ’956 application), was the first example of the use of high-
throughput screening to prepare co-crystals. Ex. 1077, Luu 2012 
at 356 (referring to Remenar (June) 2003 (i.e., Exhibit 2008 cited 
by Patent Owners), which was not prior art as of March 2003). 
Ex. 1072 ¶ 43. 
Regarding Etter’s rules, we are persuaded by Dr. Rogers’s testimony 
that “the lack of any disclosure in the ’956 application about hydrogen 
bonding principles or Etter’s ‘rules’ and importantly, how to apply them to 
identify co-crystals falling within the full scope of the challenged claims, 
demonstrates that there is insufficient support for written description of the 
full breadth of claimed co-crystals.” Id. at ¶ 87. Importantly, Patent Owner 
failed to direct us to any persuasive evidence demonstrating that a POSA 
used or could have used the principles of Etter’s rules to predict the full 
scope of co-crystals encompassed by the challenged claims. Id. at ¶ 60. 
We recognize that Dr. Ward has testified to the contrary, including Dr. 
Ward’s statement that “the examples in the ’344 patent specification 
illustrate principles like those described for single component crystals with 
respect to synthon formation.” Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 54–57. We are not persuaded, 
however, for the reasons discussed above, that the few examples disclosed in 
the ’344 patent provide “either a representative number of species falling 
within the scope of the genus or structural features common to the members 
of the genus so that one of skill in the art can ‘visualize or recognize’ the 
members of the genus.” Ariad, 598 F.3d at 1350. Nor are we persuaded that 
examples are sufficient to “establish[] a correlation between structure and 
function” for a co-former and its ability to form a supramolecular synthon 
with every API having a carboxamide encompassed by the challenged 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
26 
claims. Amgen, 872 F.3d at 1378. Rather, considering the record as a 
whole, we determine that the ’344 patent specification provides nothing 
more than “a research plan, leaving it to others to explore the unknown 
contours of the claimed genus.” AbbVie, 759 F.3d at 1300. 
We therefore find that the parent ’956 application lacks written 
description support for the challenged claims, and thus, on the record before 
us, we determine that the effective filing date of the challenged claims is 
February 13, 2014, the filing date the ’344 patent. Thus, the references relied 
upon by Petitioner (Hickey, Almarsson, and Martindale) qualify as prior art 
to the ’344 patent. Pet. 33, 45. 
III. ANALYSIS 
A. Principles of Law 
To anticipate a claim under 35 U.S.C. § 102, “a single prior art 
reference must expressly or inherently disclose each claim limitation.” 
Finisar Corp. v. DirecTV Group, Inc., 523 F.3d 1323, 1334 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
Accordingly, “‘the dispositive question regarding anticipation [i]s whether 
one skilled in the art would reasonably understand or infer from the [prior art 
reference’s] teaching’ that every claim element was disclosed in that single 
reference.” Dayco Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 329 F.3d 1358, 
1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (quoting In re Baxter Travenol Labs., 952 F.2d 388, 
390 (Fed. Cir. 1991)). 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the differences 
between the subject matter sought to be patented and the prior art are such 
that the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which that 
subject matter pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
27 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved based on underlying factual 
determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; (2) any 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level 
of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of nonobviousness, if 
present. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
these principles. 
B. Ground 1: Anticipation of Claims 10, 11, and 18 by Hickey 
Petitioner asserts that Hickey anticipates claims 10, 11, and 18. 
Pet. 33–45. To support its contentions, Petitioner directs our attention to the 
disclosure of Hickey and provides a detailed claim analysis addressing how 
Hickey discloses each element of claims 10, 11, and 18. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1002). Petitioner contends that Hickey qualifies as prior art to the ’344 
patent “[b]ecause the challenged claims are not entitled to a 2002/2003 
priority date.” Id. at 33. 
Patent Owner does not substantively address Petitioner’s 
unpatentability contentions. See generally PO Resp. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 10, 11, and 18 are anticipated by Hickey. Our summary follows. We 
start with an overview of the asserted prior art, Hickey. 
1. Hickey (Ex. 1004) 
Hickey discloses the use of carbamazepine as a co-crystal “that is 
suitable for drug development.” Ex. 1004, 118. Hickey notes that 
“[c]arbamazepine . . . , an important anti-epileptic agent that has been in use 
for over 30 years, is an example of a water-insoluble drug that has a high 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
28 
dose requirement (>100 mg/day) for therapeutic effect.” Ex. 1004, 112. 
Hickey details a co-crystal of carbamazepine and saccharin, including “a 
performance comparison of the co-crystal to the marketed form of 
carbamazepine (Tegretol®, containing carbamazepine form 3).” Ex. 1004, 
113. Hickey concludes that “[t]he present study illustrates the utility of a co-
crystal as a type of material that is suitable for drug development.” Ex. 
1004, 118. Particularly, Hickey notes that “[t]he benefits of using the 
carbamazepine: saccharin co-crystal include (i) relative lack of 
polymorphism and equivalent chemical stability to the anhydrous 
polymorph, (ii) favorable dissolution properties and suspension stability, and 
(iii) comparable oral absorption profile in dogs compared with the 
commercial immediate release product.” Id. 
2. Claim 10 and 18 
a) [10a] A pharmaceutical composition comprising a 
pharmaceutically acceptable carrier and a therapeutically 
effective amount of [a co-crystal] 
Petitioner asserts that Hickey discloses a “pharmaceutically 
acceptable carrier” by describing the preparation of alpha-lactose 
monohydrate (lactose) into a capsule. Pet. 42 (citing Ex. 1004, 115, 118; 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 186–88). Petitioner further argues that the described 
composition would have been understood also to include a co-crystal as 
Hickey discloses the capsule to contain “‘200 mg of carbamazepine,’ i.e., the 
same amount of carbamazepine included in the commercial Tegretol® 
product.” Pet. 42–43 (citing Ex. 1004, 112, 115, 118; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 187–88; 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 58–59). Petitioner asserts that the capsules were reported to be 
a “‘viable alternative’ to Tegretol®” and thus, a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would have concluded “that the Hickey capsules included an amount 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
29 
of co-crystal that was therapeutically effective as an anti-epileptic.” Pet. 43 
(citing Ex. 1004, 112–13, 115, 118; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 186–89; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 57, 
59–60). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that Hickey discloses the preamble of 
claim 10. See generally PO Resp. We are persuaded that Hickey does. 
b) [10b] a co-crystal comprising supramolecular synthons, 
each supramolecular synthon formed from stoichiometric 
amounts of at least one active pharmaceutical ingredient 
(API) and at least one co-former 
Petitioner notes that “Hickey discloses a 1:1 co-crystal of 
carbamazepine and saccharin.” Pet. 35 (citing Ex. 1004, 113–15. Petitioner 
argues that Hickey’s description of carbamazepine meets the “agreed-upon 
API definition.” Pet. 36 (citing Ex. 1004, 112) (emphasis omitted). Further, 
Petitioner argues that “[a] POSA would understand that saccharin is a co-
former in the co-crystal because it is complementary to, and forms a co-
crystal with, carbamazepine.” Id. (citing Ex. 1004, 113–15) (emphasis 
omitted). Therefore, Petitioner asserts that “[t]he carbamazepine/saccharin 
co-crystal qualifies as a co-crystal under the ‘344 patent.” Pet. 37. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[10b]. See generally PO Resp. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we are persuaded that Hickey teaches limitation [10b]. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
30 
c) [10c] Wherein the API has a first chemical functionality that 
permits formation of API homosynthons through non-
covalent hydrogen bonding when the API is in its pure form 
[10g] wherein the first chemical functionality is (i) a 
carboxamide, (ii) a carbonyl, or (iii) an amine 
[18] wherein the first chemical functionality is a 
carboxamide 
Petitioner asserts Hickey discloses these claim limitations by 
describing carbamazepine. Pet. 40 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 173). Petitioner 
argues that carbamazepine discloses limitation [10c] because “[t]he 
carboxamide on one carbamazepine hydrogen bonds with the carboxamide 
of an adjacent carbamazepine to form an API homosynthon, i.e., a synthon 
between identical and complementary chemical functionalities (the 
carboxamide groups) of the API (carbamazepine).” Pet. 39 (citing Ex. 1005, 
figure 50A, 6:38–40, 6:47–61; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 171–73). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches the limitations 
of [10c], [10g], or claim 18. See generally PO Resp. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we are persuaded that Hickey teaches the limitations of 
[10c], [10g], and claim 18. 
d) [10d] wherein the co-former has a second chemical 
functionality compl[e]mentary to the first chemical 
functionality via non-covalent hydrogen bonding 
[10f] wherein the supramolecular synthons are formed via 
non-covalent hydrogen bonding between the first chemical 
functionality of the API and the second chemical 
functionality of the co-former 
Petitioner argues that “saccharin has a second chemical functionality 
. . . that forms non-covalent hydrogen bonds with the first chemical 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
31 
functionality (carboxamide) of the API (carbamazepine).” Pet. 40–41 (citing 
Ex. 1004, 113; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 166–67, 174–75,180–81). Further, Petitioner 
notes the “same non-covalent hydrogen bonding between the first chemical 
functionality of the API and the second chemical functionality of the co-
former gives rise to supramolecular synthons.” Pet. 41 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 166–67, 180–82). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitations 
[10d] or [10f]. See generally PO Resp. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we are persuaded that Hickey teaches limitations [10d] 
and [10f]. 
e) [10e] wherein said co-former is a solid at room temperature 
and atmospheric pressure when the co-former is in its pure 
form 
Petitioner asserts the co-former disclosed in Hickey, saccharin, meets 
the claim limitation. Petitioner notes that saccharin “has a melting point of 
228.8 °C” and thus, “saccharin is a solid at room temperature and 
atmospheric pressure when in its pure form.” Pet. 41–42. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches limitation 
[10e]. See generally PO Resp. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we are persuaded that Hickey teaches limitation [10e]. 
3. Claim 11 
Claim 11 incorporates all limitations of claim 10 and additionally 
requires that the supramolecular synthon “comprises a heterosynthon dimer 
formed by noncovalent hydrogen bonding of the API to the co-former.” 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
32 
Ex. 1001, 25:40–43. Hickey discloses a co-crystal comprising an API 
(carbamazepine) and a co-former (saccharin). Ex. 1004, 113–15. Petitioner 
contends that non-covalent hydrogen bonding exists between the 
carboxamide group of carbamazepine and saccharin. Pet. 44 (citing 
Ex. 1004, 113–15). Petitioner contends that this interaction forms a 
heterosynthon because the “first chemical functionality (carboxamide) of the 
API and the second chemical functionality of the co-former are different 
chemical functionalities.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 196–98) (emphasis 
omitted). Here, we credit the testimony of Dr. Rodgers that 
The carboxamide on carbamazepine interacts with the second 
chemical functionality on saccharin via non-covalent hydrogen 
bonding (indicated by the dashed line shaded red). The first 
chemical functionality of the API carbamazepine and the second 
chemical functionality of the co-former saccharin are different 
chemical functionalities and, thus, the carbamazepine and 
saccharin co-crystal comprises a heterosynthon dimer as the 
Parties have agreed to define it (i.e., a synthon formed by two 
different, yet complementary chemical functionalities. 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 196. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the prior art teaches the limitation 
of claim 11. See generally PO Resp. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we are persuaded that Hickey teaches the limitation of 
claim 11. 
4. Conclusion 
As summarized above, it is undisputed that Hickey discloses each 
limitation of the challenged claims. Having considered the parties positions 
and evidence of record, we determine that Petitioner has shown by a 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
33 
preponderance of evidence that claims 10, 11, and 18 are anticipated by 
Hickey. 
C. Grounds 2 and 3: Anticipation or Obviousness of Claims 10, 11, 
and 18 based on Almarsson 
Petitioner asserts that claims 10, 11, and 18 are anticipated by 
Almarsson. Pet. 48–62. To support its contentions, Petitioner directs our 
attention to the disclosure of Almarsson and provides a detailed claim 
analysis addressing how Almarsson discloses each element of claims 10, 11, 
and 18. Id. (citing Ex. 1002). Petitioner also asserts, in the alternative, that 
claims 10, 11, and 18 would have been obvious over Almarsson. Id. 
Petitioner also asserts, in the alternative, that claims 10, 11, and 18 would 
have been obvious over the combination of Almarsson, Hickey, and 
Martindale. Id. at 56–62. 
Patent Owner does not substantively address Petitioner’s 
unpatentability contentions. See generally, PO Resp. 
We have discussed Petitioner’s Ground 1 above, and concluded that 
claims 10, 11, and 18 are each unpatentable as anticipated by Hickey. 
Therefore, we do not address in detail or reach any conclusion on 
patentability for Petitioner’s Grounds 2 and 3 based on Almarsson. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
34 
IV. CONCLUSION 
We conclude, based on a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 
10, 11, and 18 are unpatentable. In summary: 
 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 10, 11, and 18 of U.S. Patent No. 10,633,344 
B2 are proven unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this Decision is final, a party to 
the proceeding seeking judicial review of the Decision must comply with the 
notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
10, 11, 
18 
102 
Hickey 
10, 11, 18 
 
10, 11, 
18 
102/103 Almarsson 
 
 
10, 11, 
18 
103 
Almarsson, 
Hickey, Martindale 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
10, 11, 18 
 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-01346 
Patent 10,633,344 B2 
35 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Nicholas Kallas 
Christina Schwarz 
Laura Fishwick 
VENABLE LLP 
nkallas@venable.com 
cschwarz@venable.com 
lfishwick@venable.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Michael Kane 
Ahmed Davis 
Kelly Del Dotto 
FISH & RICHARDSON P.C. 
kane@fr.com 
davis@fr.com 
kad@fr.com 
 
lb