--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 31 
571-272-7822 
Date: January 18, 2022 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES OF CALIFORNIA, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
PERSONAL GENOMICS TAIWAN, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
Before ERICA A. FRANKLIN, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and 
MICHAEL VALEK, Administrative Patent Judges. 
MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
On June 22, 2020, Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. 
(“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 1, “Pet.”) requesting inter partes review 
of claims 1–6, 9, and 43–58 (“the challenged claims”) of U.S. Patent No. 
7,767,441 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’441 patent”). On October 22, 2020, Personal 
Genomics Taiwan, Inc. (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response to 
the Petition. Paper 13 (“Prelim. Resp.”). On January 19, 2021, we granted 
institution of an inter partes review. See Paper 15 (“Dec.”), 3–4, 38. 
Patent Owner filed a Response on April 13, 2021, Paper 19 (“Resp.”), 
and Petitioner filed a Reply on July 6, 2021. Paper 21 (“Reply”). Patent 
Owner filed its Sur-Reply on August 17, 2021. Paper 22 (“Sur-Reply”). An 
oral hearing was held on October 21, 2021. Paper 30 (“Tr.”). 
This is a Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) as to the 
patentability of the challenged claims on which we instituted trial. Based on 
the complete record before us, we determine that Petitioner has shown, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1–6, 9, and 43–58 are 
unpatentable. 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Each party identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Pet. 4; 
Paper 3, 2. 
C. Related Matters 
The parties identify an ongoing court proceeding involving the ’441 
patent: Personal Genomics Taiwan, Inc. v. Pacific Biosciences of 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
3 
California, Inc., No. 19-cv-1810-LPS (D. Del. filed Sept. 26, 2019). Pet. 4, 
Paper 3, 2. 
On June 27, 2020, Petitioner filed a second petition for inter partes 
review that challenges claims 1, 2, 6, 7, 10–22, 24, and 27–36 of the ’441 
patent. See Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. v. Personal Genomics 
Taiwan, Inc., IPR2020-01200, Paper 1 (PTAB June 27, 2020) (“1200 
Petition”). We granted institution of an inter partes review as to these 
challenged claims. See IPR2020-01200, Paper 15, 3–4, 35 (PTAB January 
19, 2021). 
D. The ’441 Patent 
The ’441 patent, titled “Bioassay System Including Optical Detection 
Apparatuses, and Method for Detecting Biomolecules,” generally relates to a 
bioassay system including a plurality of optical detection apparatuses that 
can sense the existence of a fluorophore on a single molecule. See Ex. 1001, 
code (54), 3:55–61. The ’441 patent describes the need for a device that 
should be “capable of sequencing single molecules to avoid the known 
difficulty of asynchrony in both the amplification (e.g., drift between the 
sequences of ideally clonal templates) and sequencing (e.g., dephasing of the 
stepwise sequencing reactions amongst the sequencing templates) steps of 
clustered sequencing methods.” Id. at 1:67–2:6. The ’441 patent states that 
“[t]he bioassay system provided by the invention is capable of large-scale 
parallel sequencing reactions, i.e., simultaneously sequencing a large 
number of different nucleic acid templates. Each sequencing reaction uses a 
single molecule as the template (i.e., single molecule sequencing).” Id. at 
2:13–18. The invention provides “direct correspondence of linker sites to 
which the nucleic acids being detected are attached . . . and one or more 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
4 
detecting units (e.g., light detectors), and in part, on the short distance 
between the linker sites and the detecting units.” Id. at 2:21–27. 
Figure 2 of the ’441 patent is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 2 above illustrates an optical detection apparatus. Id. at 3:24–
26. Optical detection apparatus 20 includes light detector 210 formed on 
substrate 10. Id. at 4:52–60. Light detector 210 may alternatively include 
one or more photoconductive photon detectors, photovoltaic photon 
detectors, or photodiodes. Id. at 5:1–11. Optical detection apparatus 20 may 
also include blind sheet 230 over light detector 210, including pinhole 235 
having a diameter of less than 1,000 nanometers. Id. at 5:12–22. The ’441 
patent further states that “linker site 220 formed proximate to pinhole 235 
may be spaced apart from light detector 210 by a distance H1 of less than or 
equal to 100 micrometers.” Id. at 5:25–28. Optical detection apparatus 20 
may optionally include filter layer 240 and microlens 250 between light 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
5 
detector 210 and blind sheet 230. Id. at 5:31–33. Filter layer 240 may 
include one or more transparent sublayers. Id. at 5:36–38. 
The ’441 patent states that “linker site 220 may be treated to affix a 
single biomolecule 30 thereto.” Ex. 1001, 5:49–50. For example, 
biomolecule 30 may include single stranded DNA molecule 32, affixed to 
linker site 220 with end link primer 34. Id. at 5:50–54. DNA molecule 32 
may be labeled with fluorophore 36. Id. at 5:54–55. The ’441 patent also 
states that “[w]hen excited by excitation light of a first wavelength λ1, 
fluorophore 36 may emit fluorescent light of a second wavelength λ2.” Id. 
at 5:55–57. Furthermore, “[l]ight detector 210 then detects the fluorescent 
light emitted from fluorophore 36, so as to identify the type of base that 
fluorophore 36 is attached to, thereby sequentially determining the sequence 
of DNA molecule 32.” Id. at 5:60–64. 
E. Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–6, 9, and 43–58 of the ’441 patent. 
Claims 1, 43, 48, and 53–55 are the only challenged independent claims. 
Challenged claims 2–6 and 9 depend directly or indirectly from claim 1, 
challenged claims 44–47 depend directly or indirectly from claim 43, 
challenged claims 49–52 depend directly or indirectly from claim 48, and 
challenged claims 56–58 depend directly or indirectly from claim 55. 
Claim 1 is illustrative and recites: 
1. An apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule, 
comprising: 
a substrate having a light detector; and 
a linker site formed over the light detector, the linker site 
being treated to affix the biomolecule to the linker site; 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
6 
wherein the linker site is proximate to the light detector and 
is spaced apart from the light detector by a distance of less 
than or equal to 100 micrometers. 
Ex. 1001, 26:11–18. 
F. Prior Art and Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–6, 9, and 43–58 would have been 
unpatentable based on the following grounds: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–5, 9, 48, 52–56 
1021 
Choumane2 
1–5, 9, 48, 52–56 
103(a) 
Choumane, Weisbuch3 
6, 9, 49–51, 53, 54 
103(a) 
Choumane, Weisbuch 
43–48 
103(a) 
Choumane in view of the skill 
of a POSA (Person of Ordinary 
Skill in the Art) 
57, 58 
103(a) 
Choumane in view of the 
knowledge of a POSA 
Petitioner submits the Declarations of Dean P. Neikirk, Ph.D. in 
support of its positions. See Ex. 1003; Ex. 1059. Patent Owner submits the 
Declaration of Timothy D. Harris, Ph.D. See Ex. 2008. 
 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”) included amendments to 
35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103. Because the ’441 patent issued from an 
application filed before the effective date of these amendments, we apply the 
pre-AIA versions of §§ 102 and 103. 
2 Choumane et al., WO 2007/045755 A1, published Apr. 26, 2007 
(Ex. 1005, “Choumane”). We rely on the certified English translation filed 
in the record as Ex. 1006. 
3 Weisbuch et al., US 2002/0182716 A1, published Dec. 5, 2002 (Ex. 1007, 
“Weisbuch”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
7 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Principles of Law 
1. Burden 
In an inter partes review, the burden of proof is on the Petitioner to 
show that the challenged claims are unpatentable, and that burden never 
shifts to the patentee. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, 
Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1375 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (citing Dynamic Drinkware, LLC 
v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
2. Anticipation 
To establish anticipation, each and every element in a claim, arranged 
as recited in the claim, must be found in a single prior art reference. Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008); 
Karsten Mfg. Corp. v. Cleveland Golf Co., 242 F.3d 1376, 1383 (Fed. Cir. 
2001). “A reference anticipates a claim if it discloses the claimed invention 
‘such that a skilled artisan could take its teachings in combination with his 
own knowledge of the particular art and be in possession of the invention.’” 
In re Graves, 69 F.3d 1147, 1152 (Fed. Cir. 1995) (citation and emphasis 
omitted). Moreover, “it is proper to take into account not only specific 
teachings of the reference but also the inferences which one skilled in the art 
would reasonably be expected to draw therefrom.” In re Preda, 401 F.2d 
825, 826 (CCPA 1968); see Eli Lilly and Co. v. Los Angeles Biomedical Res. 
Inst. at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, 849 F.3d 1073, 1074–75 (Fed. Cir. 
2017). 
An apparatus claim covers “what a device is, not what a device does.” 
ParkerVision, Inc v. Qualcomm Inc., 903 F.3d 1354, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2018) 
(citation omitted). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
8 
As a result, “[a]n invention need not operate differently 
than the prior art to be patentable, but need only be different”—
or, rather, “unobviously different.” A corollary of these 
principles is that an apparatus that is “capable of” performing 
certain functions may be anticipated by or obvious in view of a 
prior art apparatus that can likewise perform these functions. 
Indeed, “depending on the claims, ‘an accused device may be 
found to infringe if it is reasonably capable of satisfying the 
claim limitations, even though it may also be capable of 
noninfringing modes of operation. Similarly, a prior art 
reference may also anticipate or render obvious an apparatus 
claim—depending on the language of the claim—if the 
reference discloses an apparatus that is reasonably capable of 
operating so as to meet the claim limitations, even if it does not 
meet the claim limitations in all modes of operation. 
Id. (citations omitted). 
3. Obviousness 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that 
the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said 
subject matter pertains (“POSA” or “POSITA”). KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex 
Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on 
the basis of underlying factual determinations including: (1) the scope and 
content of the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed subject 
matter and the prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) 
objective evidence of nonobviousness.4 Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 
U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). In determining obviousness when all elements of a 
claim are found in various pieces of prior art, “the factfinder must further 
 
4 Patent Owner also does not present any objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
9 
consider the factual questions of whether a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would be motivated to combine those references, and whether in making that 
combination, a person of ordinary skill would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success.” Dome Patent L.P. v. Lee, 799 F.3d 1372, 1380 
(Fed. Cir. 2015); see also WMS Gaming, Inc. v. Int’l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 
1339, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (“When an obviousness determination relies on 
the combination of two or more references, there must be some suggestion 
or motivation to combine the references.”). “Both the suggestion and the 
expectation of success must be founded in the prior art, not in the applicant’s 
disclosure.” In re Dow Chemical Co., 837 F.2d 469, 473 (Fed. Cir. 1988). 
An obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take 
account of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would employ.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418; see In re Translogic Tech, 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1259 (Fed. Cir. 2007). In KSR, the Supreme Court also 
stated that an invention may be found obvious if trying a course of conduct 
would have been obvious to a POSITA: 
When there is a design need or market pressure to solve a 
problem and there are a finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions, a person of ordinary skill has good reason to pursue 
the known options within his or her technical grasp. If this leads 
to the anticipated success, it is likely the product not of 
innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense. In that 
instance the fact that a combination was obvious to try might 
show that it was obvious under § 103. 
550 U.S. at 421. “KSR affirmed the logical inverse of this statement by 
stating that § 103 bars patentability unless ‘the improvement is more than 
the predictable use of prior art elements according to their established 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
10 
functions.’” In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1359–60 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
the above-stated principles. 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
We consider the asserted grounds of unpatentability in view of the 
understanding of a person of ordinary skill in the art. KSR, 550 U.S. at 399 
(stating that obviousness is determined against the backdrop of the scope and 
content of the prior art, the differences between the prior art and the claims 
at issue, and the level of ordinary skill in the art). Factual indicators of the 
level of ordinary skill in the art include “the various prior art approaches 
employed, the types of problems encountered in the art, the rapidity with 
which innovations are made, the sophistication of the technology involved, 
and the educational background of those actively working in the field.” 
Jacobson Bros., Inc. v. U.S., 512 F.2d 1065, 1071 (Ct. Cl. 1975); see also 
Orthopedic Equip. Co. v. U.S., 702 F.2d 1005, 1011 (Fed. Cir. 1983) 
(quoting with approval Jacobson Bros.). 
In our Decision on Institution, we applied Petitioner’s proposed 
definition of one skilled in the art as an individual with “(1) at least [a] 
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science degree in biology, biochemistry, 
applied physics, or a similar degree,” and (2) “at least 1-2 years of 
experience in the field of optics and sensors.” Dec. 8. 
 
In the Response, Patent Owner argues that the person of ordinary skill 
in the art should also have 1–2 years of experience in “molecular 
sequencing, including handling and sequencing of nucleic acids.” Resp. 2 
(citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 23). Patent Owner supports this contention by citing to 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
11 
various discussions throughout the Specification of the ’441 patent referring 
to the sequencing of nucleic acids. See id. at 2–3 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 16–
22). Patent Owner also contends that the language recited in the claims 
supports this definition. Id. 
 
Patent Owner argues Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Neikirk, does not have 
the corresponding experience in molecular sequencing. See Resp. 3. 
Accordingly, Patent Owner contends that Dr. Neikirk’s opinions relating to 
molecular sequencing in the claims and the prior art, “should be accorded 
little or no weight.” Id. at 3–4. 
 
Petitioner responds that “the alleged invention of the ’441 patent is 
simply a general purpose molecular sensor.” Reply 2. Petitioner asserts that 
the Specification describes several other applications for the sensor besides 
sequencing, and that only some of the claims require sequencing. See id. 
(citing Ex. 1001, 1:11–22, 7:58–62, 15:39–17:33). Accordingly, Petitioner 
asserts that no specialized sequencing knowledge is required. Id. 
We find Petitioner has the better argument. The claims at issue in this 
inter partes review involve a molecular sensor, its components, or a method 
of using or manufacturing the sensor. See Ex. 1001, 26:11–37, 27:64–30:6. 
An in-depth understanding of molecular sequencing would not be required 
to understand these claims, the ’441 patent, the prior art asserted against 
these claims, or the problems solved by the claimed apparatus and methods. 
Therefore, we will continue to apply Petitioner’s definition of one of skill in 
the art as set forth above. 
 Moreover, even under Patent Owner’s proposal for the level of 
ordinary skill, we find that Dr. Neikirk is qualified to offer the opinions in 
his declaration. “There is . . . no requirement of a perfect match between the 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
12 
expert’s experience and the relevant field” and one need “not be a person of 
ordinary skill in the art in order to testify as an expert under Rule 702” so 
long as they are “qualified in the pertinent art.” PTAB Consolidated Trial 
Practice Guide (Nov. 2019) 34 (citing precedent). Here, the record 
demonstrates that Dr. Neikirk is qualified in the art of molecular sensors. 
See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 4–20; Ex. 1004 (describing Dr. Neikirk’s technical 
background and expert qualifications). Therefore even if one of ordinary 
skill would have had experience in molecular sequencing, as Patent Owner 
proposes, it does not follow that all of the testimony in Dr. Neikirk’s 
declarations should be accorded “little or no weight.” 
C. Claim Construction 
We construe claims using the same claim construction standard that 
would be used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 282(b). 37 C.F.R. § 42.100 (2019). Therefore, we construe the challenged 
claims under the framework set forth in Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 
1303, 1312–19 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). Under this framework, claim 
terms are given their ordinary and customary meaning, as would be 
understood by a person of ordinary skill in the art, at the time of the 
invention, in light of the language of the claims, the specification, and the 
prosecution history of record. Id. Only those terms that are in controversy 
need be construed and only to the extent necessary to resolve the 
controversy. See Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co. 
Matal, 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (citing Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. 
Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
At the preliminary stage of the proceeding, Petitioner did not offer any 
express claim constructions for any claim term, see Pet. 9, but Patent Owner 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
13 
did, see Prelim. Resp. 19–30. Patent Owner asserted that the preambles of 
the claims calling for a “identifying a single biomolecule” are limiting, and 
each of the claims requires a “linker site” to which a “single biomolecule” is 
affixed. Id. 
In our Institution Decision, we did not determine whether the 
preamble limits the claims to identifying a single biomolecule because we 
found that, on the preliminary record, Choumane discloses an apparatus for 
identifying a single biomolecule. Dec. 9–10. We did interpret, however, the 
claims phrase “to affix the biomolecule” as referring to affixing “a single 
biomolecule.” Id. at 10 n.8. 
We also addressed the construction of the claim limitation “a linker 
site formed over the light detector, the linker site being treated to affix the 
biomolecule to the linker site.” We stated that “[a]lthough the challenged 
apparatus claims are ‘capable of’ affixing a single biomolecule to the linker 
site, the structure of the apparatus is not limited to being capable of affixing 
only a single biomolecule to the linker site.” Id. at 10–11 (citing claim 30). 
In the Response, Patent Owner again argues that the preambles of 
challenged claims 1, 48, 53, and 54 limit the claims to “an apparatus for 
identifying a single biomolecule.” See Resp. 4–16. Patent Owner also 
argues that the challenged claims require “a linker site” treated to affix a 
single biomolecule to be identified by the apparatus. Id. at 11–12. Patent 
Owner further argues that the claim phrase “linker site formed over the light 
detector” at least requires that “the linker site be configured directly or 
indirectly on top of, upon, or above” the light detector. Id. at 16–18. 
We discuss below each of these claim terms or phrases and the 
parties’ arguments with respect to the same. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
14 
1. Preamble Effect – Identifying a Single Biomolecule 
Patent Owner argues that the preambles of independent claims 1, 48, 
53, and 54, limit the claims to identifying a single biomolecule. See Resp. 
4–16. In support of the assertion, Patent Owner first argues that the 
preamble provides antecedent basis for claim term “the biomolecule” 
referenced in the bodies of each of these independent claims. Id. at 5–6 
(citing CW Zumbiel Co., Inc. v. Kappos, 702 F.3d 1371, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 
2012)). By relying on the preamble for antecedent basis, Patent Owner 
argues that the claims use both the preambles and bodies of the claims to 
define the invention itself. See id. at 6 (citing Bell Comms. v. Vitalink 
Comms. Corp., 55 F.3d 615, 620 (Fed. Cir. 1995)). 
Second, Patent Owner argues that the preambles recite a fundamental 
characteristic of the invention, i.e., identifying a single biomolecule, that is 
necessary to define the invention. Resp. 6–9 (citing On Demand Machine 
Corp. v. Ingram Indus., Inc., 442 F.3d 1331, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (finding 
the preamble at issue there limited the claims because it stated the 
framework of the invention and was fundamental to the invention)). 
Patent Owner argues that, similar to On Demand, “the specification of 
the ’441 patent describes identifying a single biomolecule as fundamental to 
the invention.” Resp. 8. Specifically, Patent Owner argues that “[a]ll of the 
apparatuses in the figures of the ’441 patent are structures for identifying a 
single biomolecule,” and all of the Examples “describe apparatuses for 
detecting a single biomolecule and methods for making and using them, 
including for sequencing a nucleic acid.” Id. at 8–9 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 37–
38). Patent Owner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood these disclosures, combined with the Summary and 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
15 
Detailed Description of the Specification, “to communicate that an apparatus 
for identifying a single biomolecule is fundamental to the invention.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 39). 
Patent Owner also asserts that a “single” biomolecule as used in the 
’441 patent and required by the claims “is an exclusive word referring to a 
count of only one.” Resp. 9. Patent Owner concludes that “in view of the 
specification and the claims, the plain and ordinary meaning of ‘[a]n 
apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule’ to a POSA is a structure for 
identifying an individual biomolecule, as opposed to, for example, multiple 
copies of a biomolecule in an ensemble.” Id. at 10 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 40–
43; Ex. 1001, 2:16–18, 2:30–31, 4:2–4, 5:49–50, 12:36–58, 15:11–13). 
Petitioner responds that the preamble recites “identifying a single 
molecule,” and not “detecting a signal from only a single molecule.” 
Reply 3. Petitioner asserts that identifying a single molecule can be 
performed by copying a single target molecule and analyzing the signal from 
a collection of identical molecules. See id. Petitioner asserts that Patent 
Owner’s expert confirms this interpretation of “identify” with respect to “the 
well-known Illumina sequencing platform,” which analyzes signal “from a 
collection of identical molecules that have been amplified on a surface.” Id. 
at 4. 
Petitioner asserts that the dependent claims also support its 
interpretation. See Reply 5–8. Specifically, dependent claim 26, recites 
“wherein the nucleic acid is amplified at the linker site before nucleic acid 
sequencing.” Id. at 5. Petitioner asserts that amplifying the nucleic acid 
“expressly contemplates detecting a signal from multiple molecules of the 
same species.” Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 60). Petitioner also refers to claim 30, 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
16 
which recites “affixing one or more biomolecule to the linker site of the 
apparatus of claim 1.” Id. at 7. 
Petitioner further contends that the Specification, prosecution history, 
and extrinsic evidence support its claim interpretation. Reply at 8–12. First, 
Petitioner argues that the ’441 patent cites to multiple publications for 
describing “Sequencing Modalities.” Id. at 8–11 (citing Ex. 1001, 12:37–40, 
13:2–4). Petitioner contends that Dr. Harris acknowledges these references 
disclose “techniques in which one detects signal from multiple molecules of 
the same species.” Id. at 9–11 (citing Ex. 1058, 86:16–25, 79:14–80:10, 
83:2–84:15, 88:12–17, 77:9–24). 
Second, Petitioner contends that the ’441 patent claims the benefit of 
provisional application No. 61/036,652, and the provisional application 
“expressly claims a process ‘wherein a amplification process can be 
included after said nucleic acid binded to said binding site.’” Reply at 11 
(citing Ex. 1056, 40). Finally, Petitioner contends that the extrinsic evidence 
supports its position based on Dr. Harris’ previous work at Helicos. Id. at 
11–12 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 8–11). Specifically, Petitioner asserts that Helicos 
previously described an alleged infringing “Illumina platform as carrying out 
‘single molecule sequencing,’” despite the Illumina platform sequencing 
multiple copies of a molecule together. See id. at 12 (citing Ex. 1054 ¶¶ 39, 
137; Ex. 1058, 107:6–9). 
In construing claim terms, we start with the language of the claims 
themselves. See Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1314 (stating “the claims themselves 
provide substantial guidance as to the meaning of particular claim terms”). 
A preamble to a claim should be construed as limiting the scope of the claim 
“[i]f the claim preamble, when read in the context of the entire claim, recites 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
17 
limitations of the claim, or, if the claim preamble is ‘necessary to give life, 
meaning, and vitality’ to the claim.” Pitney Bowes, Inc. v. Hewlett-Packard 
Co. 182 F.3d 1298, 1305 (Fed. Cir. 1999). The Federal Circuit has also 
stated: 
[D]ependence on a particular disputed preamble phrase 
for antecedent basis may limit claim scope because it indicates 
a reliance on both the preamble and claim body to define the 
claimed invention. Likewise, then the preamble is essential to 
understand limitations or terms in the claim body, the preamble 
limits claim scope. 
Catalina Marketing Internat’l v. Coolsavings.com, Inc., 289 F.3d 801, 808 
(Fed. Cir. 2002) (citing Bell, 55 F.3d at 620; Pitney Bowes, 182 F.3d at 
1306). 
 
Here, we find that the preamble reciting “a single biomolecule” for 
each independent claim provides antecedent basis for the claim term “the 
biomolecule” that is affixed to a linker site and recited in the body of each of 
these claims. See Ex. 1001, 26:11–18 (claim 1), 28:13–22 (claim 48), 
28:39–56 (claims 53 and 54). 
 
Claims must also be read in view of the specification of which they 
are an integral part. See Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1315. The Specification of the 
’441 patent, like the language of the preamble itself, repeatedly refers to the 
detection apparatus as identifying a “single” biomolecule. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1001, 1:67–2:6 (stating devices should be capable of sequencing single 
molecules), 2:16–17 (stating each sequencing reaction uses a single 
molecule as the template), 3:55–4:16 (stating each optical detection 
apparatus 20 may be operated independently to detect and identify a single 
biomolecule, and by integrating a huge number of optical detection 
apparatuses 20 on substrate 10, a huge number of single biomolecules can be 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
18 
detected and identified in parallel). Accordingly, both the claim language 
and the Specification support Patent Owner’s position that the preamble is 
limiting. 
 
We find Petitioner’s argument that the preamble is not limiting and 
that one can “identify” a single molecule from a signal from multiple copies 
of the same molecule is inapposite when the challenged claims are read in 
light of the Specification of the ’441 patent. See Reply 3–5. Although such 
a method for identification of a molecule exists and, as Petitioner identifies, 
is done by the Illumina sequencing platform, that is not what is described in 
the Specification of the ’441 patent and the claims at issue here. See 
Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1317 (“However, while extrinsic evidence ‘can shed 
useful light on the relevant art,’ we have explained that it is ‘less significant 
than the intrinsic record in determining “the legally operative meaning of 
claim language.”’”) (quoting C.R. Bard, Inc. v. U.S. Surgical Corp., 388 
F.3d 858, 862 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
The Specification of the ’441 patent describes a bioassay system in 
which a very large number of the apparatuses described and claimed in the 
’441 patent, in some embodiments over 10,000, are used in parallel “to 
determine, for example, the sequence of a genome or the profile of 
expressed genes in a tissue sample with high throughput.” Ex. 1001, 3:58–
65. In such a bioassay system, the Specification indicates that “[e]ach 
optical detection apparatus may sense the existence of a fluorophore on the 
single molecule by detecting photons emitted from the fluorophore.” Id. at 
3:60–61 (emphasis added). The Specification of the ’441 patent 
contemplates running myriad optical detection apparatuses in parallel to 
detect a single or individual biomolecule in each such apparatus. The fact 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
19 
that other “Sequencing Modalities” are mentioned that may be used with the 
claimed apparatus of the ’441 patent, and which involve the detection of 
signal from multiple molecules of the same species, does not undercut this 
fulsome description of what is disclosed in the ’441 patent. See Reply 8–11. 
Petitioner also points to dependent claims 26 and 30 as supporting its 
view that the challenged claims encompass detection of signal from multiple 
biomolecules of a particular species at a linker site. Claim 26 depends from 
claim 16, which expressly claims a method of sequencing a nucleic acid, 
comprising the steps of affixing one nucleic acid molecule to the linker site 
of the apparatus of claim 1 and performing nucleic acid sequencing of that 
nucleic acid molecule. Ex. 1001, 26:59–64. Claim 26 adds a step to the 
method of claim 16 “wherein the nucleic acid is amplified at the linker site 
before nucleic acid sequencing.” Id. at 27:20–21. The term “amplified” is 
used nowhere else in the ’441 patent. 
Dr. Neikirk opines that claim 26 “expressly contemplates detecting a 
signal from multiple molecules of the same species.” Reply 5 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 60). Dr. Neikirk opines: 
Those of skill in the art understand that this 
[amplification of the nucleic acid at the linker site before 
sequencing] refers to a process in which a single molecule is 
first located at the linker site and then multiple copies of that 
molecule are generated. Thus, in this case, the signal is 
detected from multiple molecules of the same species. 
Id. 
 
We do not find Dr. Neikirk’s explanation here to be persuasive. 
Dr. Neikirk, who is admittedly not well-versed in molecular sequencing,5 
does not explain how “amplification at the linker site” in the context of 
 
5 See Ex. 2009, 89:8–10; 30:22–25; 37:21–22; 38:14–15. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
20 
claim 26 in which only one nucleic acid molecule has been affixed to the 
linker site would mean that a signal is detected from multiple molecules of 
the same species. In particular, even if multiple copies of the molecule are 
made through amplification, claim 26 (by dependency on claim 16) recites 
that only “one nucleic acid molecule” is affixed to the linker site. There is 
no further indication in the claim language concerning what is done with the 
amplified nucleic acid molecules. 
Dr. Neikirk’s opinion assumes that the molecules made through 
amplification must be affixed to the same linker site as the original nucleic 
acid molecule and detected, an assumption that is not supported by the 
record evidence. Moreover, Patent Owner explains how the claimed 
amplification means that the apparatus is still only detecting signal from the 
single affixed molecule. Resp. 10 (“But as Dr. Harris explains, such 
amplification does not imply that multiple copies of a nucleic acid molecule 
are then affixed to one linker site for detection as an ensemble—particularly 
given that claim 26 depends from claim 16, which expressly requires 
performing nucleic acid sequencing of ‘one nucleic acid molecule’ affixed to 
the linker of the apparatus of claim 1.”) (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 47–48). We 
credit Patent Owner’s interpretation over Petitioner’s because it more closely 
aligns with the surrounding claim language and Specification, as explained 
above. 
 
Petitioner states that claim 30 that recites “affixing one or more 
biomolecule to the linker site of the apparatus of claim 1,” expressly 
contemplates multiple molecules at the linker site. Reply 7. Petitioner does 
not cite to any testimony from Dr. Neikirk to support this argument. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
21 
We agree that claim 30 contemplates using the apparatus of claim 1 in 
a method where more than one molecule is affixed, but that does not mean 
that the apparatus of claim 1 is incapable of “identifying a single 
biomolecule,” as its preamble recites. Indeed, the fact that Patent Owner 
uses the phrase “a single biomolecule” in claim 1, but “one or more 
biomolecule” in claim 30, suggests their meaning is not coextensive, further 
evidencing that claim 1 should not be construed to encompass an apparatus 
that can only identify multiple biomolecules. 
 
Accordingly, we determine that the preambles of claims 1, 48, and 
53–55 are limiting, require an apparatus capable of identifying a single 
biomolecule, and provide antecedent basis for “the biomolecule” as used in 
the body of the independent claims, which should be read as “the single 
biomolecule” introduced in the preamble. 
 
In our Institution Decision, we also addressed the scope of the claims 
as they relate to the linker site limitations, which we have touched on in our 
discussion of claim 30 above. These limitations require generally “a linker 
site formed over the light detector, the linker site being treated to affix the 
biomolecule to the linker site.” See Ex. 1001, 26:14–15 (claim 1), 28:16–17 
(claim 48), 28:42–43 (claim 53), 28:51–52 (claim 54) (replacing “to the 
linker site” with “to it”), 28:63–64 (claim 55). In our Institution Decision, 
we stated: 
The challenged apparatus claims recite a structure that 
includes a linker site being treated6 “to affix the biomolecule” 
thereto, the apparatus thereby being capable of affixing “the 
 
6 We noted in our Institution Decision that the Specification does not define 
the term “treated,” but does state that “[a]ppropriate means for affixing 
nucleic acids to a solid support are well known in the art.” Ex. 1001, 11:8–
9. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
22 
[single]7 biomolecule” to the linker site. But how the claimed 
apparatus is intended to be employed does not differentiate the 
claimed apparatus from a prior art apparatus if the prior art 
teaches all the structural elements of the claim. Hewlett-
Packard Co. v. Bausch & Lomb Inc., 909 F.2d 1464, 1468 (Fed. 
Cir. 1990) (“[A]pparatus claims cover what a device is, not 
what a device does.”). As the Federal Circuit has recently 
reiterated, this means that a prior art reference “may anticipate 
or render obvious an apparatus claim—depending on the claim 
language—if the reference discloses an apparatus that is 
reasonably capable of operating so as to meet the claim 
limitations, even if it does not meet the claim limitations in all 
modes of operation.” ParkerVision, Inc. v. Qualcomm Inc., 903 
F.3d 1354, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2018); see also Ex. 1001, 1:67–2:1 
(“the devices should be ‘capable of’ sequencing single 
molecules”). 
Although the challenged apparatus claims are “capable of” 
affixing a single biomolecule to the linker site, the structure of 
the apparatus is not limited to being capable of affixing only a 
single biomolecule to the linker site. This is evident, at least 
with respect to claim 1, by the recitation of claim 30, viz., 
“affixing one or more biomolecule[s] to the linker site of the 
apparatus of claim 1.” Ex. 1001, 27:32–33; see also Phillips, 
415 F.3d at 1314 (“the claims themselves provide substantial 
guidance as to the meaning of particular claim terms”). We 
further note that all of the challenged apparatus claims include 
the open ended transitional phrase “comprising,” and thus do 
not limit the claimed structure to a linker site that is capable of 
affixing only a single biomolecule for identification thereof. 
See CIAS, Inc. v. Alliance Gaming Corp., 504 F.3d 1356, 1360 
(Fed. Cir. 2007) (“In the patent claim context, the term 
‘comprising’ is well understood to mean ‘including but not 
limited to.’”). 
Dec. 10–11. 
 
7 For the purpose of the Institution Decision, we interpreted the claim phrase 
“to affix the biomolecule” as referring to “a single biomolecule.” 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
23 
Patent Owner challenges our preliminary determinations concerning 
how to construe the linker site limitations. Patent Owner asserts that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art “would have understood that the ‘linker 
site being treated to affix the [single] biomolecule’ limitation describes a 
structural configuration, not merely a capability.” Resp. 12 (citing Ex. 2008 
¶ 54). Patent Owner argues further that the transitional phrase “comprising,” 
does not nullify the express recitation of identifying a single biomolecule. 
Id. at 13–14 (citing On Demand, 442 F.3d at 1343–1344). 
Petitioner agrees with our initial assessment set forth above. See Reply 
20–22. Petitioner states: “The claim language here recites ‘apparatus for 
identifying a single biomolecule’ and ‘linker site being treated to affix the 
biomolecule to the linker site.’ Such language mirrors what the Federal 
Circuit has found to recite capability as opposed to configuration.” Id. 
(citing ParkerVision, 903 F.3d at 1362). 
 
We agree with Petitioner that our original construction is correct. In 
examining the claim language to determine whether it recites a mere 
capability to carry out a function versus a particular configuration to carry 
out the function. See ParkerVision, 903 F.3d at 1361. As the Federal 
Circuit stated in ParkerVision, “[t]he language used in the claims is critical 
to deciding on which side of the line the claims fall.” Id. 
 
Here, the claims describe the required function of “identifying a single 
biomolecule” using an apparatus with (1) a substrate having a light detector 
and (2) a linker site formed over the substrate, being treated to affix the 
biomolecule to the linker site, with the linker site a distance of less than or 
equal to 100 micrometers from the light detector. See Ex. 1001, 26:11–18 
(claim 1). The structure described includes a substrate with a light detector 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
24 
and a linker site over the substrate and no more than 100 micrometers away 
from the light detector. No specific structure is delineated in the claims for 
the linker site that would restrict use of the site for only a single 
biomolecule. The only requirement in the claims is the linker site being 
treated to affix the single biomolecule to it. Such a limitation is more akin 
to the types of claims that the Federal Circuit has deemed to be claim 
language reciting a capability versus a particular configuration. See Ball 
Aerosol & Specialty Container, Inc. v. Limited Brands, Inc., 555 F.3d 984, 
987 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (finding noninfringement where claims recited a 
configuration in which protrusions needed to be “resting upon” a cover and 
alleged infringing device was only reasonably capable of such a 
configuration); Ericsson, Inc. v. D-Link Sys., Inc., 773 F.3d 1201, 1217 (Fed. 
Cir. 2014) (finding claims at issue recite capability such as “a processor for 
arranging information for transmission . . . which identifies a type of 
payload information”). 
 
Therefore, we conclude that although the challenged claims requiring 
an apparatus for “identifying a single biomolecule” are “capable of” affixing 
a single biomolecule to the linker site, we remain persuaded that the 
structure of the apparatus is not limited to being capable of affixing only a 
single biomolecule to the linker site. 
2. Formed Over 
Patent Owner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood “‘a linker site formed over the light detector’ to at least 
require that the linker site be configured directly or indirectly on top of, 
upon, or above and, as some dictionaries articulate it, ‘at a higher level or 
layer than,’ . . . the light detector.” Resp. 16–17 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 61–62; 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
25 
Ex. 2012; Ex. 2013). Patent Owner argues that Figure 2 of the ’441 patent 
depicts linker site 220 in a layer of the device above light detector 210. Id. 
at 17–18 (citing Ex. 1001, Fig. 2, 5:33–35; Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 62–63). Patent 
Owner further argues that Figures 1–4 support this interpretation, where a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood formed over as 
meaning “in a layer above.” Id. at 18 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 64–65). 
Petitioner contends that “formed over” should not be construed to 
require either a “layer” or positioning “above.” See Reply 12–14. For 
example, Petitioner asserts that the Specification does not require that the 
light source be in a layer, and instead discloses embodiments in which “the 
excitation light source may be stand alone from optical detection 
apparatuses 20 or bioassay substrate 10” or “the excitation light source may 
be integrated with optical detection apparatuses 20 or bioassay substrate 10.” 
Id. at 13 (citing Ex. 1001, 7:4–9). Petitioner contrasts claim 49 which 
expressly recites a light emitting layer. See id. (citing claim 49). Petitioner 
further contends that the claims do not recite the term “above,” and that 
interpreting the “formed over” to require “above” “would exclude from the 
scope of the claims disclosed embodiments simply if they are turned upside 
down.” Id. at 13–14 (citing Ex. 1058, 142:15–22, 148:14–15, 154:8–14, 
154:23–155:6, 155:10–15). 
In reviewing the totality of the claim language describing the 
apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule in light of the Specification of 
the ’441 patent, it appears that the term “formed over” describes the close 
proximity of the linker site and the light detector so that the light detector 
can collect light emitted from the biomolecule and the relative positions of 
the linker site as over or above the light detector. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, Abst., 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
26 
2:30–41. For instance, in the description of Figure 2 set forth above, see 
supra Section I.D., optical detection apparatus 20 is described as including a 
“light detection 210 formed on substrate 10, and a linker site 220 formed 
over light detector 210” and shows the linker site placed above the light 
detector. Ex. 1001, 4:55–57. 
The Specification of the ’441 patent makes clear that the term “over” 
means at a higher level vertically or above. For instance, in discussing 
Figure 3 set forth below, the Specification of the ’441 patent states: 
Referring to FIG. 3, there is illustrated a sectional view 
of optical detection apparatus 20 in accordance with one 
embodiment consistent with the present invention. As shown in 
FIG. 3, blind sheet 230 is formed over light detector 210 and 
vertically spaced apart from light detector 210 by distance H1. 
Blind sheet 230, which has a thickness T, includes pinhole 235 
having a radius R1 (i.e., one-half of diameter D1). In this 
embodiment, linker site 220 may be formed in pinhole 235 to 
bind with a biomolecule (not shown). 
Ex. 1001, 5:65–6:6 (emphases added). 
 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
27 
The Specification of the ’441 patent further highlights the meaning of 
“over” by juxtaposing it with forming “under.” For instance, in describing 
optical detection apparatus 20, the Specification of the ’441 patent makes a 
distinction between a component “formed over” or “formed under.” 
Optical detection apparatus 20 may further include a 
filter layer 240 (optional) and a microlens 250 (optional) 
between light detector 210 and blind sheet 230. Although 
FIG. 2 shows filter layer 240 is formed over microlens 250, it is 
appreciated that filter layer 240 may be formed under microlens 
250. 
Ex. 1001, 5:31–35 (emphases added). Finally, the Specification of the ’441 
patent further highlights that “over” means above in describing a method for 
manufacturing a bioassay system. 
In this embodiment, a filter layer 240 is formed over the upper 
surface of light detectors 210 and control circuits 215. Global 
planarization process is applied to the upper surface of light 
detectors 210 and control circuits 215 before forming filter 
layer 240. Filter layer 240 includes a plurality of sublayers. In 
this embodiment, filter layer 240 is formed by first depositing a 
sublayer having a higher refractive index over the planarized 
upper surface of light detectors 210 and control circuits 215. 
Id. at 19:47–55 (emphases added). 
 
Therefore, we determine that “formed over” as used in the challenged 
claims means “placed above.”8 
D. Anticipation by Choumane 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–5, 9, 48, and 52–56 are anticipated by 
Choumane. Pet. 8. Petitioner provides an analysis of how each claim 
 
8 We do not see any description that restricts the linker site in a “layer.” 
Therefore, we do not include this in the construction of the term “formed 
over.” 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
28 
limitation is taught by Choumane. Id. at 13–41. Petitioner relies on the 
declaration of Dr. Neikirk in support of its positions. See generally 
Ex. 1003. 
Patent Owner asserts that Choumane teaches analyzing multiple 
copies of a molecule together, not identifying one molecule individually. 
Resp. 18–29. Patent Owner further asserts that Choumane does not disclose 
a linker site being treated to affix a single biomolecule, and Choumane does 
not disclose the linker site spaced apart from the light detector by a distance 
of less than or equal to 100 micrometers. Id. at 35–38. Patent Owner also 
presents specific arguments as to claims 9 and 48. See id. at 38–41. 
Specifically, Patent Owner argues that Choumane does not disclose a solid 
angle being greater than or equal to 0.8 SI steridian (claim 9), or an 
excitation light source formed over the substrate (claim 48). See id. 
1. Choumane (Ex. 1006) 
Choumane discloses that “[a] biosensor with integrated detection 
comprises a substrate for supporting chromophore elements and a set of 
photodetectors intended to capture the light emitted by the chromophore 
elements in response to light excitation, the set of photodetectors being 
associated with the substrate and forming a unitary assembly with it.” 
Ex. 1006, 1:4–7. 
Figure 1 of Choumane depicts such a biosensor, and is reproduced 
below: 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
29 
 
Figure 1 above illustrates a partial schematic sectional view of a 
biosensor. Ex. 1006, 7:16–17. 
As shown above, Figure 1 illustrates a biosensor including matrix 
set 10 of photodetectors 12, on which is deposited absorbent layer 14 
intended to absorb light radiation of chromophore elements located on areas 
or spots 16 of the surface of the biosensor. Ex. 1006, 8:9–12. Choumane 
discloses that “[a]bout 80% of the light flux emitted by the chromophore 
elements pass through the absorbent layer 14 and are picked up by the 
photodetectors 12.” Id. at 8:17–19. Choumane also discloses that, “[i]n the 
general case, a functionalization layer 18 is formed on the upper surface of 
the layer 14 on which the biological probes are deposited . . . [to allow] the 
fixation of the probes.” Id. at 11:3–5. 
Choumane further discloses that “absorbent layer 14 may be formed 
of a single layer of absorbent material, or of multiple superimposed 
absorbent layers of different natures.” Ex. 1006, 8:21–22. Choumane 
discloses that “small” spacing between chromophores and photodetectors 
reduces parasitic crosstalk signals. Id. at 9:3–11. Choumane also discloses: 
Due to the absence of an imaging element between the 
chromophores and the photodetectors, the same photodetector 
can receive light signals from different points or zones, which 
generates a parasitic crosstalk signal, the greater the spacing or 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
30 
vertical distance between these points or zones, and the 
photodetector is large. In a preferred embodiment of the 
invention, this spacing is small and the spurious signal is 
reduced to a minimum. For example, the diameter of these 
points or zones is 400 μm and their spacing with the 
photodetectors is 10 μm, so that the spurious signal is minimal. 
When their spacing with the photodetectors is greater and 
reaches 100 μm, the crosstalk signal can be large and likely to 
reduce the sensitivity of the detection. In this case, computer 
processing for deconvolution of the parasitic image, well 
known to those skilled in the art, makes it possible to recover 
the useful signal by eliminating the parasitic signal. 
Id. at 9:3–13. 
Choumane discloses that biological probes are deposited on the 
surface of absorbent layer 14 to form spots 16. Ex. 1006, 10:16–17. The 
spotting composition may include a surfactant buffer liquid due to the 
hydrophobic nature of absorbent layer 14. Id. at 10:17–21. Choumane also 
discloses that “spots 16 have dimensions of 100 to 400 μm, . . . the absorbent 
layer 14 has a thickness of the order of 10 μm, the photodetectors 12 have 
unit dimensions of the order of 10 μm, the spots 16 therefore covering one or 
more tens of photodetectors.” Id. at 10:23–11:2. 
Figure 8 of Choumane depicts a biosensor, and is reproduced below: 
 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
31 
Figure 8 above illustrates a schematic sectional view of a biosensor. 
Ex. 1006, 8:7–8. Specifically, Figure 8 illustrates a biosensor with matrix 
set 10 of photodetectors 12 with absorbent layers 14 deposited thereon. 
Ex. 1006, 14:13–19. The biosensor further includes layer 20 comprising a 
Bragg mirror (formed of thin layers of materials that are transparent at the 
chromophore’s emission wavelength) or an interference filter (formed for 
example of superimposed thin layers of polymers) deposited on absorbent 
layers 14. Id.; see also id. at 3:20–22. 
As shown in Figure 8 above, Choumane discloses providing an 
opaque layer, such as a metal film 48, on rejection filter 20.9 Ex. 1006, 
16:20–21; see also id. at 4:7–9. Film 48 has “very small openings 50, of a 
dimension less than the wavelength of light emitted by chromophores. 
These openings delimit very small observation volumes (for example with a 
diameter of 150 nm) for the detection and observation of individual 
chromophores. These openings also amplify the light emitted by the 
chromophores in their immediate vicinity.” Id. at 16:21–17:2. 
Choumane also discloses a step-by-step process for manufacturing a 
biosensor. Ex. 1006, 13:11–12, 13:16–22. 
2. Analysis 
a) 
Claim 1 
Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses the limitations of 
independent claim 1, and relies on the Neikirk Declarations as support. 
Pet. 13–25 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 60–93); Reply 15–23 (citing Ex. 1059 ¶¶ 5–
 
9 Choumane discloses that a “rejection filter comprises, in combination with 
the absorbent filter, a Bragg mirror . . . or an interference filter” which 
covers “at least one absorbent layer which is deposited on the set of 
photodetectors.” Ex. 1006, 3:19–24. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
32 
9). Patent Owner argues that Choumane does not anticipate claim 1 because 
Choumane does not disclose an apparatus for identifying one molecule 
individually. Resp. 18–38. 
(1) An apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule 
Petitioner argues that Figure 8 of Choumane discloses a metal film 48 
with very small openings 50 having diameters of roughly 150 nm for 
detecting and observing individual chromophores. Pet. 14 (citing Ex. 1006, 
16:20–17:2). Dr. Neikirk attests that “[t]he individual chromophore is 
associated with a biomolecule (e.g. DNA) and detection of the chromophore 
leads to the identification of its associated biomolecule.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 61. 
Petitioner relies on Weisbuch to confirm this association between one 
chromophore and one biomolecule. See Pet. 14–18. 
Patent Owner generally argues that Choumane does not disclose 
identifying one molecule individually, rather Choumane discloses detecting 
a signal from multiple molecules of the same species. Resp. 19. Patent 
Owner asserts that Choumane’s reference to detecting “individual 
chromophores” does not mention “any biomolecule, let alone detection of a 
chromophore leading to the detection of an associated biomolecule.” Id. at 
21 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 75–76). 
Patent Owner further argues that Choumane does not disclose an 
apparatus for identifying a “single biomolecule” because Choumane’s 
Figure 8, which is a cross-sectional view, discloses two biomolecules in a 
cross-section of opening 50 as shown in the annotated version of that figure 
reproduced below. Resp. 23–24 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 78). 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
33 
 
 
This annotated version of Choumane Figure 8 schematically illustrates 
a biosensor with labeled parts, including a magnified window and arrows 
added by the parties. Resp. 24 (reproducing figure from Pet. 3). Patent 
Owner argues that Petitioner’s expert describes the stick-and-ball or pin-
shape structures as biomolecules. Id. at 23 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 57–58; 
Ex. 2008 ¶ 78). Patent Owner argues that because opening 50 contains two 
biomolecules in a cross-sectional view, “a POSA would have understood 
that FIG. 8 at most discloses an apparatus that detects a signal from multiple 
biomolecules, not a single biomolecule.” Id. at 23–24. 
Patent Owner further argues that Figure 8 is another example of pre-
existing arrays including zones containing multiple probes specific for a 
particular molecular species. See id. at 25 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 66, 67; 
Pet. 17; Ex. 2008 ¶ 80). For example, Patent Owner contends that 
Petitioner’s reference to “spotting” indicates “a technique where multiple 
probes for target molecules are placed into ‘zones’ on the surface of an 
array, where ‘each zone contains probes specific for a particular molecular 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
34 
species.” Id. at 25 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 67; Pet. 17; Ex. 1006, 6:5–13). Patent 
Owner asserts that Petitioner admits that Figure 8 is a variant of Figure 1, 
and Figure 1 discloses chromophore elements located in spots on the surface 
of the biosensor where “each spot has multiple probes for attaching multiple 
target molecules.” Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 56, 131, 52; Ex. 1006, 8:9–
16; Ex. 2008 ¶ 81). 
Petitioner responds that Choumane expressly discloses Figure 8 as an 
alternative embodiment for the detection and observation of individual 
chromophores. See Reply 15–16 (citing Ex. 1006, 16:20–24). Petitioner 
contends that a chromophore’s inherent purpose is to detect its associated 
biomolecule when employed in a biosensor. Id. at 16. Petitioner contends 
that Choumane describes the same chromophore as that used by the ’441 
patent to detect biomolecules. Id. (citing Ex. 1006, 8:13–14; Ex. 1001, 
21:10–11, 25:45–48). 
Patent Owner also contends that “[a] POSA would have understood 
that Choumane does not even come close to disclosing an apparatus with 
single molecule or single chromophore sensitivity.” Resp. 27–29 (citing 
Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 84–85). Specifically, Patent Owner asserts that Choumane 
discloses a sensitivity of one chromophore/μm2 and photodectors with “unit 
dimensions of the order of 10 μm.” Id. at 28 (citing Ex. 1006, 3:6–9, 10:24–
11:1). Patent Owner asserts that, a person of ordinary skill would have 
understood that Choumane’s photodetectors “have areas of at least about 
78 μm2, assuming they are round” and “are therefore at best able to detect 
only as few as 78 chromophores each.” Id. (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 86). 
Petitioner responds that Choumane’s disclosure of “photodetector 
dimension on the order of 10 μm is merely an example of one size of 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
35 
photodetector that may be implemented within the biosensor,” and 
Choumane discloses photodetectors having different sizes. See Reply 17–18 
(citing Ex. 1006, 16:15–19). Petitioner argues that “a POSA would use a 
photodetector with dimensions that would enable the detection of an 
individual chromophore.” Id. at 18. Petitioner relies on Dr. Neikirk’s 
testimony in his rebuttal declaration that “the detector geometries disclosed 
in Choumane are, in fact, consistent with detecting signal from a single 
molecule.” Id. (citing Ex. 1059 ¶¶ 5–9). 
We again note at the outset of our analysis that the claims require, at a 
minimum, an apparatus that is capable of identifying a single molecule, and 
thus, contemplates devices that in addition to being capable of identifying a 
single molecule may also identify multiple molecules. See supra Section 
II.C.1. Therefore, it is irrelevant to our analysis that Choumane may 
disclose detection of a signal from multiple molecules of the same species, 
so long as Choumane discloses an apparatus that is capable of identifying a 
single molecule. See Resp. 19–34. 
It is undisputed that Choumane states that one alternative 
embodiment, depicted in Figure 8, has a biosensor with metal film 48 
“having very small openings 50, of a dimension less than the wavelength of 
light emitted by chromophores. These openings delimit very small 
observation volumes (for example with a diameter of 150 nm) for the 
detection and observation of individual chromophores in solutions with high 
concentration.” Ex. 1006, 16:21–25 (emphases added). 
In our view, Choumane unequivocally discloses an embodiment that 
is at least capable of identifying a single biomolecule by its express teaching 
that its biosensor can detect and observe individual chromophores. We 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
36 
agree with and credit Dr. Neikirk’s testimony that an “individual 
chromophore is associated with a biomolecule (e.g. DNA) and detection of 
the chromophore leads to the identification of its associated biomolecule.” 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 61. Dr. Neikirk refers to Weisbuch that is cited in Choumane as 
also teaching that one chromophore is attached to a single biomolecule for 
detection. See id. ¶¶ 62–63. The ’441 patent also provides support for this 
truism stating that its biosensor “may sense the existence of a fluorophore on 
the single molecule by detecting photons emitted from the fluorophore.” 
Ex. 1001, 3:59–61 (emphasis added). 
Patent Owner’s argument that Choumane’s written disclosure 
concerning Figure 8 does not mention an associated biomolecule or the 
identification of that biomolecule is not persuasive. The depiction in 
Figure 8 of two ball and stick figures that represent biomolecules with 
attached chromophores does not negate the specific, express teaching that 
Choumane’s apparatus is capable of detecting a single biomolecule. See 
Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 76–79 (relying on Figure 8 and discounting the written 
disclosure concerning Figure 8). A description of a figure can be relied on, 
in combination with the drawings, for what they would reasonably teach one 
of ordinary skill in the art. In re Wright, 569 F.2d 1124, 1127–28 (CCPA 
1977). 
Patent Owner’s argument that Choumane’s photodetectors in Figure 8 
are sized to detect only as few as 78 chromophores does not address the full 
scope of the embodiments disclosed therein. Resp. 27–29. Ex. 2008 ¶ 85; 
see Ex. 1006, 10:16–11:2. As Petitioner points out, Choumane expressly 
discusses an embodiment depicted in Figure 7 that has “a matrix 10 of 
photodetectors 12a, 12b having different sizes” to accommodate “very weak 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
37 
or very strong signals,” indicating that Choumane contemplates different 
sized photodetectors depending on the signal to be measured. Reply 17–18 
(citing Ex. 1006, 16:15–16). Petitioner concludes, “[i]n an application of the 
biosensor, as described in FIG. 8, ‘for the detection and observation of 
individual chromophores in solutions with high concentration,’ a POSA 
would use a photodetector with dimensions that would enable the detection 
of an individual chromophore.” Id. at 18. Therefore, we are not persuaded 
by Patent Owner’s argument concerning the size of the photodetectors 
disclosed in Choumane. 
We credit Dr. Neikirk’s testimony that the sensors of Choumane are 
capable of single molecule detection. Reply 18. Dr. Neikirk explains how if 
the photodetectors are on the rear face of the substrate or on the face 
opposite to that carrying the chromophores as disclosed in Choumane and 
polysilicon transfer grids on the photodetectors are avoided as Choumane 
suggests, the sensitivity of Choumane’s biosensor is capable of single 
molecule detection. Ex. 1059 ¶¶ 2–9. We find this testimony persuasive as 
it is consistent with Choumane’s disclosure, and credit it over the competing 
testimony from Patent Owner’s expert. See Ex. 2008 ¶ 86. 
(2) a substrate having a light detector 
Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses “a substrate having a light 
detector.” Pet. 18–20 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 69–71). Specifically, Petitioner 
argues that Figure 1 of Choumane “illustrates a biosensor comprising 
chromophore elements in spots 16 above an assembly 10 of photodetectors 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
38 
12.”10 Id. at 19 (citing Ex. 1006, 8:9–16); see also Ex. 1006, 1:6–7 (“the set 
of photodetectors being associated with the substrate and forming a unitary 
assembly with it”). Petitioner also argues that Figure 8 of Choumane 
“illustrates an embodiment with an assembly 10 of photodetectors 12.” 
Pet. 19–20 (citing Ex. 1006, Fig. 8; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 70, 71). Petitioner also cites 
to Choumane’s disclosure that the biosensor “comprises a substrate for 
supporting chromophore elements and a set of photodetectors,” and “the 
biosensor comprising a substrate intended to carry . . . a set of 
photodetectors associated with the substrate.” Id. at 18–19 (citing Ex. 1006, 
1:4–5, 2:14–23). 
We find that Petitioner has provided a sufficient showing as set forth 
above that Choumane teaches a substrate having a light detector. Patent 
Owner does not challenge Petitioner’s argument or evidence that Choumane 
teaches “a substrate having a light detector.” See Resp. 18–38. 
(3) a linker site formed over the light detector 
Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses “a linker site formed over 
the light detector.” Pet. 20–22 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 72–76). Specifically, 
Petitioner argues that Choumane “discloses predetermined zones on the 
biosensor where biomolecules for detection are attached” that correspond to 
the claimed linker site. Id. at 20 (citing Ex. 1006, 6:5–13; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 73, 
74). Petitioner refers to Choumane’s teaching that “biological probes can be 
 
10 Petitioner asserts that the ’441 patent characterizes a “light detector” as a 
single photodetector or a group of photodetectors. Pet. 31 n.3 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 5:1–5). More precisely, we note that the ’441 patent states, “[i]n 
some embodiments, light detectors 210 may comprise a single 
photoconductive photon detector or a group of photoconductive photon 
detectors.” Ex. 1001, 5:1–3. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
39 
deposited directly on a rejection filter with thin layers which covers a set of 
photodetectors.” Id. (citing Ex. 1006, 3:3–9). 
Referring to Figure 8 of Choumane, Petitioner argues that “biological 
probes are deposited onto the interference filter 20 in a pinhole opening 50 
within the metallic film 48, which places the linker site over the light 
detector 12.” Pet. 21 (citing Ex. 1006, 6:5–13, 14:13–19, Fig. 8). Petitioner 
further argues that Figure 1 of Choumane depicts biological probes 16 that 
link target biomolecules to the surface of the biosensor, with spotting taking 
place over the assembly 10 of photodetectors 12. Id. at 22 (citing Ex. 1006, 
10:16–11:5, Fig. 1). 
We find that Petitioner has provided a sufficient showing, as set forth 
above, that Choumane teaches a substrate having a light detector. Patent 
Owner does not challenge Petitioner’s argument or evidence that Choumane 
teaches “a linker site formed over the light detector.” See Resp. 18–38. 
(4) the linker site being treated to affix the biomolecule to the linker site 
Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses “the linker site being 
treated to affix the biomolecule to the linker site.” Pet. 22 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 77–81). Petitioner cites to Choumane’s disclosure that when “this 
biosensor is produced, probes optionally comprising fluorescent markers are 
deposited in the liquid phase on specific zones . . . on the biosensor rejection 
filter.” Id. (citing Ex. 1006, 6:5–13, 14:13–19). Petitioner also cites to 
Choumane’s disclosure that “[o]ptionally, an aqueous buffer liquid 
containing a surfactant is used for depositing the probes on the rejection 
filter, the surface of which can be very hydrophobic.” Id. (citing Ex. 1006, 
6:14–15). Petitioner argues that “[t]he location where a probe is deposited is 
a linker site because a biomolecule of interest will attach to that probe, 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
40 
thereby ‘linking’ it to the apparatus.” Id. at 22–23 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 78, 
79). 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner admits that Choumane discloses 
affixing plural “biological probes” in each pinhole opening in Figure 8 to 
capture “multiple molecules.” Resp. 35–36 (citing Pet. 21; Ex. 1006, Figs. 
1, 8). Relying on its interpretation of Figure 8 set forth above, see supra 
Section II.D.2.a)(4)., Patent Owner argues “[t]his plainly does not result in a 
‘linker site’ treated to affix a single biomolecule to be identified by the 
apparatus, as the claim requires.” Id. at 35. 
We rely on our previous analysis that the claims require, at a 
minimum, an apparatus that is capable of identifying a single molecule. See 
supra Section II.C.1. We have determined that Choumane discloses such an 
apparatus. See supra Section II.D.2.a)(1); see Reply 21. We find that 
Petitioner has provided a sufficient showing as set forth above that 
Choumane teaches the linker site being treated to affix the biomolecule to 
the linker site. 
(5) wherein the linker site is proximate to the light detector and is spaced 
apart from the light detector by a distance of less than or equal to 100 
micrometers 
Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses “the linker site is 
proximate to the light detector and is spaced apart from the light detector by 
a distance of less than or equal to 100 micrometers.” Pet. 23 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 82–93). Specifically, Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses 
minimizing crosstalk between photodetectors by limiting the distance 
between chromophores and their respective photodetectors to between 
10 μm and 100 μm. Id. at 23–24 (citing Ex. 1006, 9:3–13 (“When 
[chromophore] spacing with the photodetectors is greater and reaches 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
41 
100 μm, the crosstalk signal can be large and likely to reduce the sensitivity 
of the detection.”)). 
Petitioner argues that Figure 1 of Choumane depicts a linker site 
separated from a detector by a 10 μm absorbent layer (and a thinner 
functional layer). Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1006, Fig. 1, 10:16–11:2; Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 85–88). Petitioner also argues that Figure 8 of Choumane depicts a series 
of absorbent layers of roughly 10 μm thickness and Bragg mirror layers. Id. 
Petitioner also relies on Dr. Neikirk’s testimony to argue that “the POSA 
would understand that many of these layers correspond to Bragg mirrors, 
which are thinner than 10 μm such that the overall separation between the 
linker site and detector would, in fact, be substantially less than 100 μm.” 
Id. at 24–25 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 89–92). Petitioner further asserts that, 
according to Choumane, the biosensor may have “one or more thin 
absorbent layers” or “be formed of a single layer of absorbent material,” 
thereby disclosing that the biosensor of Figure 8 may have only a single 
absorbent layer, thereby decreasing the distance between the chromophore 
and the photodetector closer to the desired 10 μm distance. Id. at 25 (citing 
Ex. 1006, 5:9–12, 8:17–9:2, 9:3–13; Ex. 1003 ¶ 93). 
Patent Owner asserts that Choumane seeks to limit crosstalk between 
zones of multiple molecules of one species, and “not from a single 
biomolecule, as required by claim 1.” Resp. 37 (citing Pet. 17–18; Ex. 2008 
¶¶ 106–109). Patent Owner further asserts that Petitioner calculates the 
distance between linker site and detector based on Choumane’s Figures; 
however, “Choumane expressly warns that “the relative dimensions of the 
various elements represented in FIG. 1 have not been respected in the 
drawing, for greater clarity.” Id. at 37 (citing Ex. 1006, 10:21–23). 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
42 
Accordingly, Patent Owner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art 
“would not have concluded that the functionalization layer in FIG. 1 is 
thinner than the absorbent layer.” Id. at 37–38 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 113). 
First, we note that Choumane expressly states, as Petitioner points out, 
that the spurious signal or crosstalk is minimal “when the spacing between 
the points or zones and the photodetector is 10 μm.” Ex. 1006, 9:6–9 
(emphasis added). From this statement expressly referencing not only 
“zones,” but “points,” we find that Petitioner has shown sufficiently that 
Choumane teaches the limitation, “wherein the linker site is proximate to the 
light detector and is spaced apart from the light detector by a distance of less 
than or equal to 100 micrometers.” See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 84–85 (stating 
“Choumane discloses a distance between the chromophore attached to the 
linker site and the light detector (i.e. photodetector) that encompasses a 
range between 10 μm and 100 μm.”). 
Petitioner also refers to Figures 1 and 8 as illustrative of this express 
teaching. See Pet. 24–25. Dr. Neikirk explains that Figure 8 shows a 
distance between the photodetectors and chromophore that is under the 
preferred 100 μm limit. See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 89–93. We find Dr. Neikirk’s 
explanation credible, and his testimony provides further evidence supporting 
what Choumane teaches as discussed above concerning the claim 
limitation—“wherein the linker site is proximate to the light detector and is 
spaced apart from the light detector by a distance of less than or equal to 100 
micrometers.” See In re Heck, 699 F.2d 1331, 1332–33 (Fed. Cir. 1983) 
(stating a reference is relevant for all that it teaches). 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
43 
(6) Conclusion 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Choumane anticipates claim 1. 
b) 
Claim 48 
Independent claim 48 is an apparatus claim similar to claim 1, but 
which further includes the limitation “an excitation light source formed over 
the substrate.” Ex. 1001, 28:19. Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses 
the limitations of claim 48 for the same reasons as set forth with respect to 
claim 1. Pet. 33–34. Petitioner also argues that Choumane discloses the 
limitation of “an excitation light source formed over the substrate.” Id. at 33 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 127–131). Petitioner refers to Figure 1 to argue that 
“Choumane illustrates that the excitation light source λe is formed over the 
substrate comprising the matrix assembly 10 of photodetectors 12 such that 
the light impinges on the spots in a downward direction.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1006, 8:9–16). 
 
Petitioner also argues that Figure 8 of Choumane illustrates an 
embodiment having the same general structure as the embodiment shown in 
Figure 1, including a light source formed over the substrate that houses the 
light detectors. Pet. 34. As explained by Petitioner and supported by the 
testimony of Dr. Neikirk, Figure 8 illustrates a light filter (14) above the 
photodetectors 12 and substrate 10, a configuration that only makes sense if 
the excitation light source is formed over the substrate for the biomolecules. 
Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 128–131). 
Patent Owner reiterates the arguments presented against claim 1 with 
respect to claim 48. See Resp. 40–41. Patent Owner further argues that 
Choumane does not disclose an excitation light source “formed over” the 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
44 
substrate. Id. Specifically, Patent Owner argues that Choumane’s Figure 8 
does not “depict any structure as a source for any excitation light,” nor does 
it include downward arrows indicating impinging light in Figure 1, relied on 
by Petitioner. See id. (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 129–130). 
We determine that Dr. Neikirk explains sufficiently how Choumane 
discloses an excitation light source formed over the substrate by comparing 
the configurations of Figure 1 and 2 that show an excitation light source 
above the substrate. See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 127–131. Dr. Neikirk points out that 
Figures 1 and 2 show an assembly 10 of photodetectors 12 forming a unitary 
assembly with the substrate. Id. ¶ 128. Dr. Neikirk further testifies: 
An excitation light source λe, as depicted in FIGS. 1 and 2, is 
formed over the substrate comprising an assembly 10 of 
photodectors 12. The light source is necessarily formed over 
the substrate because the FIGS. show the light impinging in a 
downward direction on the linker sites: 
 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
45 
 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 128. 
 
As is shown in Figures 1 and 2 above, downward arrows directed at 
the spots 16 containing the chromophore elements show how light from 
above excites the chromophores. Ex. 1006, 8:9–19 (“About 80% of the light 
flux emitted by the chromophore elements pass through the absorbent layer 
14 and are picked up by the photodetectors 12, the excitation light flux at the 
wavelength λe being absorbed by layer 14.”). 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
46 
 
Patent Owner’s only argument that Choumane does not disclose “an 
excitation light source formed over the substrate” is the lack of downward 
arrows in Figure 8. We credit Dr. Neikirk’s testimony concerning how 
Figure 8, which shows a similarly constructed biosensor with the addition of 
metal film 48 with pinholes on the surface of the biosensor, would employ 
the same type of excitation light source as Figures 1 and 2. See Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 130–131. For instance, Dr. Neikirk testifies that the configuration of 
Figures 1 and 2 also applies to Figure 8 “because FIG. 8 is ultimately an 
addition of a metal film with pinholes onto the surface of the biosensors 
disclosed in Figs. 1 and 2.” Id. ¶ 131. 
 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Choumane anticipates claim 48. 
c) 
Claims 9, 53 and 54 
Claim 9 depends from claim 1 and adds the limitation “wherein the 
light detector collects light from the biomolecule within a solid angle, the 
solid angle being greater than or equal to 0.8 SI steridian” (the “steridian 
limitation”).11 Ex. 1001, 26:35–37. Independent apparatus claims 53 and 54 
are similar to claim 1, but also include a similar limitation to claim 9—
“wherein the light detector collects light emitted from the biomolecule 
within a solid angle of greater than or equal to 0.8 SI steridian” rather than 
the “less than or equal to 100 micrometers” limitation of claim 1. See id. at 
28:39–56. 
 
11 The correct spelling of “steridian” is “steradian.” See Prelim. Resp. 43 
n.3. However, we use the spelling “steridian” as used in the claims and by 
the parties. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
47 
Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses the other limitations of 
claims 53 and 54 for the same reasons set forth with respect to claim 1. Pet. 
35–36. Petitioner also argues that Choumane discloses the steridian 
limitation. Id. at 36 (citing Pet. 31–33 (discussing dependent claim 9); 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 113–123). 
Petitioner argues that “[s]olid angle Ω is a measure of the field of 
view (a) from a point” that “is expressed in a dimensionless unit called a 
steridian.” Pet. 31 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 114, 115). Petitioner argues that solid 
angle Ω is determined by the equation: Ω = a/R2 where “a” is the surface 
area of the spherical “cap” of the field of view, and “R” is the radius of the 
sphere. Id. at 31–32. Petitioner provides the following illustration of the 
units of that equation: 
 
Id. The above illustration is a visual depiction of the solid angle Ω 
(steridian) based on the equation Ω = a/R2. 
Petitioner argues that: 
FIG. 1 of Choumane depicts a system in which the chromophore 
and detectors are separated from one another by roughly 10 μm. 
The chromophores are deposited as “spots” on the surface of the 
biosensor and, as Choumane explains, each spot “cover[s] one or 
more tens of photodetectors.” In other words, the minimum 
number of detectors covered by a spot is roughly 10. 
Id. at 32 (emphasis omitted) (citing Ex. 1006, 9:3–13, 10:16–11:2). 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
48 
Petitioner argues that “[c]onsidering a single molecule on the ‘spot’ 
and its nearest neighbor photodetector and next-nearest neighbor 
photodetectors yields a grid of nine photodetectors (each of which is roughly 
10 μm in size) that will detect light from the single molecule.” Id. 
Petitioner further argues that Choumane discloses 
that the minimum number of photodetectors covered by each 
spot is about 10, and shows that the minimum width of the 
detection region for the single molecule is about 30 μm. A 
chromophore 10 μm away from the photodetectors that is 
emitting light onto a photodetector array of 30 μm diameter 
yields a solid angle of approximately 2.8 steridian, which is 
significantly greater than 0.8 steridian. 
Id. at 32–33 (emphasis omitted) (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 119–123). 
 
Patent Owner argues that Choumane fails to disclose the steridian 
limitation because Choumane does not disclose an apparatus for identifying 
a single biomolecule, or any spot containing a single biomolecule. 
Resp. 38–39. We are not persuaded by this argument because we have 
determined that Choumane discloses a device that is at least capable of 
identifying a single biomolecule. See supra Section II.D.2.a)(1). 
 
Patent Owner also argues that the result of Petitioner’s calculation 
based on Figure 1 does not apply to Figure 8, the structure identified as the 
apparatus for identifying a single molecule, because Choumane does not 
disclose 10 µm spacing for Figure 8. Resp. 39 (citing Pet. 32–33; Ex. 2008 
¶¶ 118–122). 
 
As Petitioner points out, Patent Owner does not dispute Dr. Neikirk’s 
calculations, just that Figure 8 does not teach the 10 μm spacing. See Reply 
23. Petitioner points to the statement that in a preferred embodiment of 
Choumane, the spacing between the chromophore and the photodector is 10 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
49 
μm “so that the spurious signal is minimal.” Id. Petitioner also points to the 
statement that: “The absorbent layer 14 may be formed of a single layer of 
absorbent material, or of multiple superimposed absorbent layers of different 
natures to reduce the autofluorescence of this layer caused by the excitation 
light.” See Ex. 1006, 8:21–23. Petitioner concludes: 
Given the foregoing, the distance between the 
chromophore and photodetector is effectively determined by the 
thickness of the absorbent layer; when there is only one 
absorbent layer with thickness of 10 μm, the distance is 10 μm. 
There is no reason, and Patent Owner does not provide any, to 
dispute that a minimum light distance of 10 μm, for example, is 
preferable for the embodiment of Choumane’s biosensors, 
including the embodiment characterized in FIG. 8. 
Reply 25. 
 
We agree with Petitioner. Choumane discloses closely related 
embodiments of biosensors with similar components for which Choumane 
expresses clear preferences as to the construction of the disclosed biosensor, 
including a preference for a 10 μm distance between the chromophore and 
the photodetector. We agree with Petitioner that this preference with the 
disclosure that absorbent layer 14 may be only one layer is readily 
applicable to the embodiment disclosed in Figure 8. See In re Arkley, 455 
F.2d 586, 588 (CCPA 1972) (finding anticipation is shown when a reference 
clearly and unequivocally discloses the claimed invention without any need 
for picking, choosing, and combining various disclosures not directly related 
to each other by the teachings of the cited reference). 
 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 9, 43, and 54 are anticipated by Choumane. 
 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
50 
d) 
Claim 55 
Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses “a method for 
manufacturing an apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule,” as recited 
in claim 55, including the preamble. Pet. 37–40 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 60–68, 
146–151). 
Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses the step of “forming a light 
detector and a control circuit on a substrate.” Pet. 38–39. Specifically, 
Petitioner argues that the light detector is formed on the substrate by 
referring back to its discussion of this limitation in connection with claim 1 
and by citing to Choumane’s disclosure of step b of its fabrication process. 
Id. at 38–39 (citing Pet. 18–20; Ex. 1006, 13:16–18). Petitioner also argues 
that Choumane discloses a control circuit formed on the substrate. Id. at 39–
40 (citing Ex. 1006, 12:23–13:2; Fig. 3; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 152–156). 
Petitioner argues that Choumane discloses the step of “forming a blind 
sheet having a pinhole over the substrate.” Pet. 40. Petitioner argues that 
Choumane’s “metallic film is a blind sheet and is located over ‘the set of 
photodetectors being associated with the substrate and forming a unitary 
assembly with it.’” Id. (citing Ex. 1006, 1:4–7; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 157, 158; Pet. 
26–27). Petitioner argues that “Choumane discloses that its metallic film 
layer has pinhole openings,” specifically very small openings 50 with, for 
example, a diameter of 150 nm. Id. at 27 (citing Ex. 1006, 16:20–17:2; 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 101, 102). Petitioner also argues that the remaining limitations 
of claim 55 are also disclosed in Choumane, referring back to its previous 
arguments. Id. (citing Pet. 20–25, 27–29). 
Patent Owner asserts arguments for why claim 55 is not anticipated 
that are similar to those it asserted for claim 1. The same reasons that we 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
51 
found that those arguments were not persuasive for claim 1 apply here. 
Therefore, we find Patent Owner’s arguments are unavailing here. 
 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claim 55 is anticipated by Choumane. 
3. Dependent claims 2–5, 52, and 56 
 Petitioner asserts that Choumane discloses the limitations of 
dependent claims 2–5, 9, 52, and 56, and provides arguments and evidence 
supporting those assertions. Pet. 25–35, 41 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 94–107, 
109–123, 133–136; Ex. 1006, 1:4–7, 3:3–9, 6:5–13, 8:9–9:2, 9:3–13, 10:16–
11:2, 14:13–19, 16:20–17:5, 4:7–9, Fig. 8; Ex. 1001, 5:17–22). We 
determine that Petitioner has provided sufficient evidence to show by a 
preponderance of the evidence that dependent claims 2–5, 52, and 56 are 
unpatentable as anticipated by Choumane. 
Patent Owner does not challenge those claims beyond the fact that 
they are ultimately dependent from one of the independent claims addressed 
above. See Resp. 38, 41, 46. For the same reasoning that we set forth for 
the challenged independent claims and our determination of the sufficiency 
of the evidence presented by Petitioner as to the additional limitations of 
these dependent claims, we also determine that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 2–5, 52, and 56 are anticipated by 
Choumane. 
E. Obviousness Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that claim 1–5, 9, 48, and 52–56 are not only 
anticipated by Choumane (addressed above), but also obvious over 
Choumane and Weisbuch. Pet. 41–45 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 165–175). 
Petitioner asserts that “to the extent the preamble is deemed limiting and to 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
52 
the extent Patent Owner contends that Choumane does not disclose this 
element,” claims 1–5, 9, 48, and 52–56 are obvious in view of Choumane 
and Weisbuch. Id. at 41. That is, “the only difference between Ground 2 
and Ground 1 is that limitation [1A] (‘An apparatus for identifying a single 
biomolecule’) is treated as obviousness for ‘a single biomolecule’ rather 
than anticipation.” Id. at 41 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 165–175). 
Patent Owner does not raise any argument as to why the claims are 
not rendered obvious over Choumane and Weisbuch except those arguments 
specific to Choumane that Patent Owner asserted in the anticipation ground 
based on Choumane. See Resp. 46–47 (addressing Choumane’s failure to 
disclose “the linker site being treated to affix the biomolecule” and “the 
linker site proximate to the light detector and spaced apart from the light 
detector by a distance of less than or equal to 100 micrometers.”). 
Having found that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Choumane anticipates claims 1–5, 9, 48, and 52–56, we rely 
on our previous discussion of Choumane for these claims addressing Patent 
Owner’s arguments in the anticipation challenge for the obviousness 
challenge here over Choumane and Weisbuch. See Realtime Data, LLC v. 
Iancu, 912 F.3d 1368, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“[I]t is well settled that ‘a 
disclosure that anticipates under § 102 also renders the claim invalid under 
§ 103, for ‘anticipation is the epitome of obviousness.’”) (internal citations 
omitted). We also agree with Petitioner that Weisbuch teaches an apparatus 
that is capable of identifying a single biomolecule. See Pet. 14–16, 41–42; 
Ex. 1007, Figs. 5, 8, ¶¶ 2–3, 5, 16, 48, 110; Ex. 1003 ¶ 166; see also infra 
Section II.E.1. (discussion of the teachings of Weisbuch that disclose an 
apparatus that is capable of identifying a single biomolecule). We also find 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
53 
that a POSA would have had reason to combine Weisbuch that teaches 
identification of a single biomolecule with the technique of Choumane for 
identifying a single biomolecule for the reasons provided by Petitioner. See 
Pet. 41–45. Therefore, we determine that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–5, 9, 48, and 52–56 would 
have been obvious over Choumane and Weisbuch. 
Petitioner also asserts that claims 6, 9, 49–51, and 53–55 are 
unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 as obvious over Choumane and 
Weisbuch. Pet. 8, 41–59. Petitioner also asserts that claims 43–48 and 57–
58 are unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 as obvious over Choumane in 
view of the knowledge or skill of a person of ordinary skill in the art. Id. at 
8, 59–77. 
We address these contentions below. 
1. Weisbuch (Ex. 1007) 
Weisbuch discloses a device for identifying the presence of a 
particular molecule (target) in a complex mixture by contacting the target 
with a probe fixed on a support or substrate. Ex. 1007 ¶ 5. The “target is 
detected when it couples to a fixed probe (or specific ligand) because the 
target carries a chromophore.” Id.; see also id. ¶ 48. 
Weisbuch discloses a “device for supporting chromophoric elements 
. . . which can concentrate at least a portion of the light emitted by the 
chromophoric elements in a selected region of space, to allow it to be 
captured.” Ex. 1007 ¶ 15. The device may include a “substrate having an 
upper surface on which said chromophoric element is fixed and means for 
enhancing the quantity of light emitted by the chromophoric element 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
54 
towards a collecting device.” Id. ¶ 16. The quantity of light may be 
enhanced by a microlens. Id. ¶ 17. 
Weisbuch illustrates a biosensor in Figure 8, reproduced below. 
 
The illustration above depicts a cross-sectional view of a biosensor 
device. Ex. 1007 ¶ 57. 
Figure 8 depicts substrate 2, carrying chromophores 5, multilayered 
reflective means 3, and absorbent layer 23 located between reflective 
layers 3 and photodetectors 17. Ex. 1007 ¶ 137. Weisbuch discloses that 
“reflective layers 3 ensure a maximum excitation and emission field at the 
chromophores and prevent the excitation light from propagating by simple 
transmission and by diffusion towards the photodetecting matrix 17.” Id. 
Absorbent layer 23 “has an absorption band and thickness selected to reduce 
crosscolor and/or enhance the signal-to-noise ratio at photodetectors 17.” Id. 
Weisbuch also discloses a biosensor that includes a substrate and a 
multiplicity of holes “each intended to receive a target. The holes allow the 
chromophores to be placed in locations where the field of the resonator is a 
maximum.” Ex. 1007 ¶ 110. Weisbuch further explains that “[t]o collect 
the light emitted by chromophore 5 formed by interaction of a probe with the 
target lodged in a hole 11, a planar resonator 12 is formed around each hole 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
55 
11.” Id. Weisbuch discloses receiving different probes in selected locations 
by fixing the probes to a support using addressing techniques known in the 
art. Id. ¶ 68. Weisbuch also discloses including microlenses located below 
each chromophore 5, which focus the emitted light toward the photodetector. 
Id. ¶¶ 73, 123, claim 1. 
2. Claims 6, 9, 49–51, 53, and 54 
Petitioner provides arguments and evidence supporting the 
obviousness of claims 6, 9, 49–51, 53, and 54 over Choumane and 
Weisbuch. Pet. 45–59.12 Petitioner points to where Weisbuch teaches the 
additional limitations added by dependent claims 6, 9, and 49–51. See id. at 
45–56; see Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 176–222. Petitioner further states: 
There is a natural motivation to combine the microlens of 
Weisbuch with Choumane. Indeed, Choumane directly refers to 
Weisbuch, stating that an “object of the present invention is… 
to further improve the biosensor with integrated detection 
described in document WO 02/16912” (i.e. the WO filing of the 
Weisbuch reference). EX1006 at 2:12-13. Choumane further 
states that the structures in Weisbuch “have the advantage of 
improving the sensitivity of detection thanks to a very 
significant increase in the efficiency of the collection of the 
light emitted by the chromophores and in a reduction in the 
capture of the excitation light as well as a reduction in the 
parasitic fluorescence coming from the ambient environment.” 
 
12 Independent claims 53 and 54 were addressed with respect to the 
anticipation ground based on Choumane, and we found Choumane 
anticipated these claims. See Section II.D.2.c). Petitioner alleges that to the 
extent “Choumane fails to disclose identification of a single biomolecule . . . 
the combination of Choumane with Weisbuch still renders [claims 53 and 
54] obvious for the additional reasons stated with respect to Ground 2.” Pet. 
57, 58. Because we have found these claims anticipated by Choumane and 
did not address the contentions in the previous Choumane/Weisbuch 
obviousness ground for these claims, we will not further address this 
obviousness combination as to these claims here. 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
56 
Id. at 1:17-2:4. Therefore, a POSA would be motivated to 
implement a range of advantageous elements from the 
Weisbuch system in Choumane. EX1003 ¶ 185. 
Pet. 47. 
 
Based on Petitioner argument and supporting evidence, we determine 
that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 6, 
9, and 49–51 would have been obvious over the combination of Choumane 
and Weisbuch. Patent Owner does not challenge Petitioner’s argument and 
evidence except to assert the same arguments with respect to how Choumane 
fails to teach the limitations of the independent claims from which claims 6, 
9, and 49–51 depend. See Resp. 50–54. We have addressed these 
arguments in the anticipation ground. See Section II.D.2. 
 
Therefore, we determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 6, 9, and 49–51 are unpatenable over the 
combination of Choumane and Weisbuch. 
3. Claims 43–48 
a) 
Claims 43–47 
Petitioner argues that claims 43–47 are directed to nothing more than 
the use of systems disclosed in claim 1 in various business configurations. 
Pet. 59. Petitioner specifically asserts the knowledge of a POSA that (1) a 
service requester would request, and receive, results from a service provider, 
(2) remunerative consideration can be provided for performing a service 
based on claim 1 of the ’441 patent, (3) the service requester and the service 
provider are mediated by a vendor, and (4) results can be produced in a 
country other than the U.S.A. Id. at 60–64 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 232–247). 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s evidence as to the 
knowledge of a POSA set forth above, and we credit Dr. Neikirk’s testimony 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
57 
concerning the knowledge of a POSA as it relates to claims 43–47. See 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 232–247; Ex. 1006, 3:6–9 (discussing mass production of 
miniaturized and low cost biosensors). Patent Owner does again question 
whether Choumane discloses the apparatus of claim 1; arguments that we 
have previously addressed here. See supra Section II.D.2.a). 
Therefore, we conclude that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 43–47 would have been obvious over Choumane 
and the knowledge of a POSA. 
b) 
Claim 48 
As to claim 48, Petitioner relies on its arguments regarding 
anticipation of claim 1, and arguments that Choumane discloses the 
limitation of “an excitation light source formed over the substrate.” Pet. 64–
67 (citing Pet. 13–25; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 251–254; Ex. 1006, 8:9–16). Dr. Neikirk 
testifies: 
To the extent one contends that the disclosure of light λe 
does not establish that the light source that emits λe is formed 
over the substrate, it would have been obvious to a POSA to put 
the light source for λe over the substrate. As a threshold matter, 
there needs to be a light source for λe. It would have been 
obvious to put that light source over the substrate – i.e., obvious 
to try. In showing the light impinging on the linker sites in a 
downward direction, Choumane expressly instructs the skilled 
artisan to form the light source over the substrate. 
 
Moreover, there are only a finite number of way of 
providing light λe incident to the device, the most obvious 
being from a light source formed over the substrate. I can think 
of no reason that a POSA would not have had a reasonable 
expectation of success of forming a light source over the 
substrate. 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
58 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 253–254. Patent Owner raises arguments that we have 
previously addressed in the anticipation ground, and also responds 
specifically to the testimony set forth above. See Resp. 57–60. 
Specifically, Patent Owner asserts that Choumane discloses λe as 
light, but not a source of the light or its structure. Id. at 59. Patent 
Owner also asserts that Dr. Neikirk’s testimony “merely addresses the 
position of the light source. Claim 48 requires not just that the 
excitation light source be ‘over’ the substrate, but that it be ‘formed 
over’ the substrate.” Id. at 59–60 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 199–200). 
Although we have previously found that Choumane teaches the 
additional limitation of claim 48 and anticipates this claim, we also 
credit Dr. Neikirk’s testimony here concerning the knowledge of a 
POSA as it relates to claims 48. We disagree with Patent Owner that 
Dr. Neikirk’s testimony merely addressed the position of the light 
source and did not address whether the light source is “formed over” 
the substrate. As we have previously determined, “formed over” 
means “placed above.” See supra Section II.C.2. Using the drawings 
of Choumane to show the direction of the light that must come from a 
light source, we find that Dr. Neikirk sufficiently explained how a 
POSA would have found it obvious to place the light source over the 
substrate. 
 
Therefore, we determine that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claim 48 would have been obvious 
over Choumane and the knowledge of a POSA. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
59 
4. Claims 57 and 58 
Petitioner asserts that dependent claims 57 and 58 (ultimately 
dependent from claim 55) are unpatentable as obvious over Choumane in 
view of the knowledge of a POSA.13 Pet. 67–77. As to claim 57, Petitioner 
argues that it is directed to the same apparatus recited in claim 214 and, to the 
extent claim 57 includes any additional limitations, “those limitations are 
nothing more than basic photolithography steps that were well-known in the 
art long before the filing of the ’441 patent.” Id. at 67 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 256). As to claim 58 requiring “wherein the opaque layer comprises 
metal,” see Ex. 1001, 30:5–6, Petitioner cites to Choumane’s disclosures 
regarding a metallic opaque layer. Pet. 76–77 (citing Ex. 1006, 4:7–9, 
16:20–17:2); see Ex. 1003 ¶ 265. 
Patent Owner reiterates the same arguments concerning Choumane 
that we previously addressed in the anticipation ground, and does not dispute 
Petitioner’s evidence as to the knowledge of a POSA. See Resp. 60–61. 
We credit Dr. Neikirk’s testimony concerning the basic 
photolithography steps that are well known to a POSA and would teach the 
limitations of 57 and 58, and we also find that Choumane itself discloses a 
metallic opaque layer as required by claim 58. See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 264–291; 
Ex. 1006, 4:7–9, 16:20–17:2). 
 
13 Petitioner cites to Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 256, 260, 264–270, 272–275, and 278–287 
as well as several prior art references to establish the relevant knowledge of 
a POSA, particularly U.S. Patent No. 6,812,539 B1, issued Nov. 2, 2004 
(Ex. 1023, “Rhodes”). See Pet. 67–77. 
14 Claim 2 depends from claim 1 and recites “further comprising a blind 
sheet formed over the substrate, the blind sheet including a pinhole having a 
diameter, wherein the linker site is formed proximate to the pinhole.” 
Ex. 1001, 26:19–22. 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
60 
Therefore, we determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 57 and 58 would have been obvious over 
Choumane and the knowledge of a POSA. 
III. CONCLUSION15 
Based on the foregoing analysis of the arguments presented in the 
papers and the evidence submitted in support, we determine that Petitioner 
has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–6, 9, and 43–58 
are unpatentable. 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has proven by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–6, 9, and 43–58 of U.S. Patent No. 7,767,441 B2 are 
unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that, pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 328(b), upon 
expiration of the time for appeal of this Decision, or the termination of any 
such appeal, a certificate shall issue canceling claims 1–6, 9, and 43–58 of 
U.S. Patent No. 7,767,441 B2; and 
 
15 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
61 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
62 
In summary: 
 
Claims 
 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–5, 9, 
48, 52–
56 
102 
Choumane 
1–5, 9, 48, 
52–56 
 
1–5, 9, 
48, 52–
56 
103 
Choumane, 
Weisbuch 
1–5, 9, 48, 
52–56 
 
6, 9, 49–
51, 53–
54 
103 
Choumane, 
Weisbuch 
6, 9, 49–51 
 
43–48 
103 
Choumane in view 
of the skill of a 
POSA 
43–48 
 
57, 58 
103 
Choumane in view 
of the knowledge 
of a POSA 
57, 58 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–6, 9, 43–58 
 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2020-01163 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
63 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Derek Walter 
Adrian Percer 
Robert Magee 
WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP 
derek.walter@weil.com 
adrian.percer@weil.com 
robert.magee@weil.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Michael Fleming 
Keith Orso 
IRELL & MANELLA LLP 
mfleming@irell.com 
korso@irell.com