--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
 Paper 45 
571-272-7822 
 
Date: January 25, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
ILLUMINA, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
RAVGEN, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
____________ 
 
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
____________ 
 
 
Before ZHENYU YANG, TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, and DAVID COTTA, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
COTTA, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
Granting Patent Owner’s Motion for Entry of Protective Order and to Seal; 
Granting Petitioner’s Motion to Seal 
37 C.F.R. §§ 42.14, 42.54 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Illumina, Inc. (“Petitioner” or “Illumina”),1 on July 20, 2021, filed a 
Petition to institute inter partes review of claims 1, 3–9, 21, 22, and 24–30 
of U.S. Patent No. 7,727,720 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’720 patent”). Paper 1 
(“Pet.” or “Petition”). We instituted trial on January 26, 2022. Paper 12 
(“Inst. Dec.”). During trial, Ravgen, Inc. (“Patent Owner”)2 filed a Patent 
Owner Response. Paper 19 (“PO Resp.”). Later filings include Petitioner’s 
Reply (Paper 30 (“Pet. Reply”)) and Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply (Paper 39 
(“PO Sur-Reply”)). We also allowed Petitioner a limited Sur-Sur-Reply. 
Paper 41.3 An oral hearing was held on October 26, 2022, and a transcript is 
entered in the record. Paper 44 (“Tr.”). 
Patent Owner also filed a motion for entry of a protective order and to 
seal (Paper 20), and Petitioner filed a motion to seal (Paper 28). Both 
motions were unopposed. 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
parties’ arguments and evidence, we determine that Petitioner has not proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Our reasoning is explained below, 
and we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a). 
 
1 Petitioner identifies itself, Illumina Cambridge, Ltd., and Verinata Health, 
Inc., as the real parties-in-interest. Pet. 2. 
2 Patent Owner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Paper 4, 1. 
3 The permitted scope of this filing is detailed in Exhibit 3007 (see email to 
parties dated October 4, 2022, responding to Petitioner’s request). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
3 
 Related Patents & Proceedings 
The ’720 patent issued on June 1, 2010, from U.S. Patent Application 
No. 11/212,812 (“the ’812 Application”), filed August 26, 2005. Ex. 1001, 
codes (21), (22), (45). The ’812 Application is a continuation of Application 
No. PCT/US2004/006337, filed March 1, 2004, which itself claims priority 
through a chain of several continuation and continuation-in-part applications 
with filing dates in 2003, and a provisional application filed May 8, 2002. 
Id. at codes (60), (63). Related U.S. Patent No. 7,332,277 (“the ’277 
patent”) issued on February 19, 2008, and claims priority to common 
applications. Id.; IPR2021-01272, Exhibit 1001 at codes (60), (63). 
Petitioner identifies multiple lawsuits involving the ’720 patent. 
Those lawsuits include: Ravgen, Inc. v. Illumina, Inc., No. 20-1644 (D. 
Del.); Ravgen, Inc. v. Natera, Inc. and NSTX, Inc., No. 1:20-cv-00692-ADA 
(W.D. Tex.); Ravgen, Inc. v. Ariosa Diagnostics, Inc. et al., C.A. No. 20-
1646 (D. Del.); Ravgen, Inc. v. Myriad Genetics, Inc. et al., C.A. No. 20-
1730 (D. Del.); Ravgen, Inc. v. Progenity, Inc., C.A. No. 20-1734 (D. Del.); 
Ravgen, Inc. v. Natera, Inc. et al., C.A. No. 20-451 (W.D. Tex.); Ravgen, 
Inc. v. PerkinElmer, Inc. et al., C.A. No. 20-452 (W.D. Tex.); Ravgen, Inc. 
v. Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings et al., C.A. No. 20-969 (W.D. 
Tex.); and Ravgen, Inc. v. Quest Diagnostics, No. 2:21-cv-09011(C.D. Cal.). 
Pet. 3; Paper 4; Paper 9. 
Petitioner and Patent Owner also identify other matters involving the 
’720 patent before the Patent Office. Pet. 3–4; Paper 4, 1–2; Paper 9, 1. 
Claims of the ’720 patent have been challenged in IPR2021-00791 (filed by 
Quest Diagnostics (“Quest”)) and IPR2021-01026 (filed by Laboratory 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
4 
Corporation of America (“Labcorp”)). The ’720 patent is also involved in 
Ex Parte Reexamination Control Nos. 90/014,869 and 90/014,703. On 
October 8, 2021, we instituted trial in IPR2021-00791 and on December 14, 
2021, we instituted trial in IPR2021-01026. We terminated IPR2021-00791 
due to settlement (IPR2021-00791, Paper 66), and entered a final written 
decision on December 12, 2022, in IPR2021-01026 (finding that Labcorp 
had not shown that the challenged claims were unpatentable). The 
reexaminations have been stayed. See IPR2021-00791, Paper 25 (staying Ex 
Parte Reexamination Control No. 90/014,703); IPR2021-01026, Paper 17 
(staying Ex Parte Reexamination Control No. 90/014,869). 
The related ’277 patent has also been challenged in several matters 
before the Office: IPR2021-00788 (filed by Quest and terminated due to 
settlement (IPR2021-00788, Paper 71)), IPR2021-00789 and IPR2021-
00790 (both filed by Quest and denied institution), IPR2021-00902 and 
IPR2021-01054 (both filed by Labcorp; final written decisions entered on 
November 1, 2022), IPR2021-01577 (filed by Streck, Inc.; currently 
pending), and IPR2021-01272 (filed by Illumina; final written decision 
entered concurrently with this Decision). The ’277 patent is also challenged 
in Ex Parte Reexamination Control No. 90/014,792, which has been stayed. 
See IPR2021-00902, Paper 24 (granting stay). 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
5 
 Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts five grounds of unpatentability in its Petition 
(Pet. 4–5), which are provided in the table below: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1, 3–8, 21, 24 
102(a), (e)4 
Landes5 
22 
103(a) 
Landes, Marx6 
1, 3–6, 24 
102(b) 
Yen-Lieberman7 
7–9, 21, 25–30 
103(a) 
Yen-Lieberman, Gocke8 
22 
103(a) 
Yen-Lieberman, Gocke, Marx 
Petitioner relies on the declarations of Dr. Brynn Levy, among other 
evidence. Ex. 1043; Ex. 1068. During trial, Patent Owner submitted and 
relies on a declaration from Dr. Brian Van Ness (Ex. 2239), among other 
 
4 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 
(2011) (“AIA”), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103. Based on the filing 
date of the ’720 patent, we apply the pre-AIA versions of §§ 102 and 103. 
5 Landes et al., International Publication No. WO 03/062441, published July 
31, 2003 (Ex. 1003, “Landes”). 
6 Marx et al., Reducing White Blood Cells in Platelet Units, 31(8) 
Transfusion 743–747 (1991) (Ex. 1029, “Marx”). 
7 Yen-Lieberman, et al., Diagnosis of Human Cytomegalovirus Disease, 
22(14) Clinical Microbiology Newsletter 105–109 (2000) (Ex. 1033, “Yan-
Lieberman”). 
8 Gocke et al., U.S. Patent No. 6,156,504, issued Dec. 5, 2000 (Ex. 1034, 
“Gocke”). 
 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
6 
evidence.9 The deposition testimony of Drs. Levy (Exs. 2294, 2299) and 
Van Ness (Exs. 1067, 1069, and 107010) is also of record. 
 Technology Overview and the ’277 Patent 
The ’720 patent discloses a “rapid, non-invasive method for 
determining the sequence of DNA from a fetus” that can be used “for 
detection of chromosomal abnormalities.” Ex. 1001, 1:23–35. The ’720 
patent explains that a variety of invasive and non-invasive techniques are 
available for prenatal diagnosis, including amniocentesis, fetal blood cells in 
maternal blood, and maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein. Id. at 2:42–46. 
According to the patent, however, “techniques that are non-invasive are less 
specific, and the techniques with high specificity and high sensitivity are 
highly invasive.” Id. at 2:46–49; see also id. at 3:24–27 (citing an increased 
fetal mortality risk of about 0.5% with amniocentesis). 
The ’720 patent acknowledges the prior non-invasive use of fetal cells 
and cell-free fetal DNA (“cffDNA”), both isolated from maternal blood, for 
prenatal diagnosis. Id. at 4:59–5:44. With regard to fetal cells, the patent 
notes that the “presence of fetal nucleated cells in maternal blood makes it 
possible to use these cells for noninvasive prenatal diagnosis,” and that such 
“cells can be sorted and analyzed by a variety of techniques to look for 
 
9 The parties submit, for example, additional testimony related to products 
that are alleged to practice the claimed subject matter and asserted 
commercial success of such products. See, e.g., Exs. 2080 (Declaration of 
Paul K. Meyer) and 2242 (Declaration of Jeffrey Chalmers, Ph.D.). 
10 Exhibit 1069 is deposition testimony taken in IPR2021-01026, and Exhibit 
1070 is deposition testimony taken in IPR2021-00791. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
7 
particular DNA sequences.” Id. at 4:60–65. Yet the patent states that “it is 
still difficult” to get many fetal cells from maternal blood and “[t]here may 
not be enough to reliably determine anomalies of the fetal karyotype or 
assay for other abnormalities.” Id. at 5:15–21. The ’720 patent states that 
fetal DNA “has been detected and quantitated in maternal plasma and 
serum” and that “fetal DNA present in the maternal serum and plasma is 
comparable to the concentration of DNA obtained from fetal cell isolation 
protocols.” Id. at 5:24–34. “However,” according to the patent, “the 
diagnostic and clinical applications of circulating fetal DNA is limited to 
genes that are present in the fetus but not the mother” and that “a need still 
exists for a non-invasive method that can determine the sequence of fetal 
DNA and provide definitive diagnosis of chromosomal abnormalities in a 
fetus.” Id. at 5:38–44. 
The ’720 patent describes a method that is said to increase the 
proportion or percentage of the cffDNA component in a sample from a 
pregnant female for subsequent analysis. According to the ’720 patent, the 
ability to detect chromosomal abnormalities has been “hindered by the low 
percentage of free fetal DNA” in maternal samples. Ex. 1001, 89:26–30. 
“Increasing the percentage of free fetal DNA would enhance the detection” 
of mutations, trisomy, and other genetic abnormalities. Id. at 89:30–35. 
With the aim of increasing the percentage of cffDNA relative to 
circulating maternal DNA in a maternal sample, the ’720 patent describes 
adding an agent that inhibits cell lysis. Id. at 210:19–24 (Example 15) 
(“[T]he use of cell lysis inhibitors, cell membrane stabilizers, or cross-
linking reagents can be used to increase the percentage of fetal DNA in the 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
8 
maternal blood.”); id. at 89:35–37 (“The percent of fetal DNA in plasma 
obtained from a pregnant female was determined both in the absence and 
presence of inhibitors of cell lysis”). The ’720 patent explains that, “[w]hile 
lysis of both maternal and fetal cells is inhibited, the vast majority of cells 
[in a maternal blood sample] are maternal, and thus by reducing the lysis of 
maternal cells, there is a relative increase in the percentage of free fetal 
DNA.” Id. at 33:42–45. The patent identifies numerous agents as cell lysis 
inhibitors, cell membrane stabilizers, or cross-linking reagents. See, e.g., id. 
at 32:65–33:28 (listing, for example, formaldehyde, formalin, cleavable 
crosslinkers, cholesterol, vitamin E and its derivatives, and glucose); see 
also id. at 6:49–65; 11:43–12:5; 216:14–218:55 (Table XXIII (“A 
representative list of cross-linkers that can be used to impede maternal cell 
lysis”)). 
The ’720 patent provides results on the use of formalin (i.e., 
formaldehyde in aqueous solution) as the lysis-inhibiting agent. Id. at 
89:25–92:26 (Example 4), 210:16–218:55 (Example 15).11 In Example 4, 
the patent describes collecting a 5 ml blood sample from a pregnant subject, 
separating the sample into two tubes (each containing EDTA12), and adding 
 
11 The parties have used formaldehyde and formalin interchangeably in this 
proceeding, noting simply that formalin is formaldehyde in water. Pet. 2 
(“formaldehyde (referred to as formalin when in solution)”), 10 (“This 
petition also discusses ‘formalin,’ which is a liquid that contains 
formaldehyde and water”); Ex. 2294, 108:4–10 (testimony of Dr. Levy that 
he is using the terms formalin and formaldehyde “interchangeably”). 
12 The ’720 patent states that EDTA is a “magnesium chelator.” Ex. 1001, 
32:61–64. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
9 
formaldehyde (25μl/ml) to one of the tubes. Id. at 89:40–46. The samples 
were centrifuged and 800 μl of each maternal plasma sample was then used 
for DNA purification and further processing to determine the relative 
amount of cffDNA in the samples. Id. at 89:47–92:26. According to the 
’720 patent, “the percentage of fetal DNA present in the sample that was 
treated with only EDTA was 1.56%” and the “percentage of fetal DNA 
present in the sample treated with formalin and EDTA was 25%.” Id. at 
91:34–41. The patent reports that the percent of total cffDNA in eighteen 
blood samples with and without formalin was then calculated, with the 
results (mean percentage cffDNA) provided in Table V. Id. at 91:45–92:10 
(reporting, inter alia, a mean percentage fetal DNA of 19.47% with formalin 
versus 7.71% without formalin); see also id. at 210:16–215:65 (Example 15 
(reporting further results on formalin use in Table XXI)). 
 Challenged Claims 
The ’720 patent includes thirty claims. Of those, claims 1, 3–9, 21, 
22, and 24–30 are challenged here. Pet. 4. Claim 1, the only independent 
claim, is illustrative of the claims challenged in this Petition and reads as 
follows: 
1. A method for detecting a free nucleic acid, wherein said 
method comprises: (a) isolating free nucleic acid from a non-
cellular fraction of a sample, wherein said sample comprises an 
agent that impedes cell lysis, if cells are present, and wherein said 
agent is selected from the group consisting of membrane 
stabilizer, cross-linker, and cell lysis inhibitor; and (b) detecting 
the presence or absence of the free nucleic acid. 
Ex. 1001, 535:15–21. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
10 
 Prosecution History 
The application that issued as the ’720 patent was filed on August 26, 
2005. Ex. 1001, codes (21), (22). The Examiner initially rejected pending 
claim 1 as anticipated by Kiessling. Ex. 1012, 1145. The Examiner also 
rejected claim 1 as obvious over the combination of Kiessling and Anker. 
Id. at 1149–50. With respect to what the Examiner described as the “key 
limitation i.e., wherein an agent that impedes cell lysis is added to the 
sample,” the Examiner found that Kiessling disclosed adding formaldehyde, 
paraformaldehyde, or glutaraldehyde to the sample to impede cell lysis. Id. 
at 1145. The Examiner further found that Kiessling taught that “the addition 
[of] one of these fixatives fixes (i.e. impedes the cell lysis of) the leukocytes 
present in the sample (i.e. human blood) and disinfects the sample.” Id. 
In response, Patent Owner amended claim 1 to recite that the nucleic 
acid detected and isolated was “free” nucleic acid and to specify that the 
agent that impedes cell lysis was “selected from the group consisting of 
membrane stabilizer, cross-linker, and cell lysis inhibitor.” Id. at 1180. 
Patent Owner then argued that amended claim 1 was distinguishable over 
Kiessling because Kiessling analyzed DNA from within leukocytes while 
the amended claims focus on free nucleic acid. Id. at 1189–90 (“The 
methodology disclosed in Kiessling ‘fixes’ leukocytes, and subsequently 
DNA is isolated from the fixed leukocytes. Conversely, the methods of [the 
pending claims] are directed to isolating free nucleic acid. Nowhere does 
Kiessling teach or suggest a method for detecting free nucleic acid 
comprising inter alia isolating free nucleic acid from a sample.”) (internal 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
11 
citation omitted). Patent Owner also argued that the claimed method solved 
long-felt needs and achieved unexpected results. Id. at 1191–1192. 
 
Initially the Examiner found Patent Owner’s amendment and 
arguments persuasive, withdrawing the rejections based on Kiessling and 
Anker and explaining that “[t]he most persuasive argument(s) related to the 
applicant[’s] assertion that there was a long felt need and the evidence of an 
unexpected result.” Id. at 2100. Shortly thereafter, however, the Examiner 
reinstated the anticipation rejection over Kiessling. Id. at 2124. In the same 
office action, the Examiner also made several obviousness rejections of 
certain of the dependent claims over Kiessling alone and in combination 
with various other prior art references. Id. at 2128–2132. In doing so, the 
Examiner explained that “absent an unexpected result [the claimed method] 
would have been prima facie obvious.” Id. at 2128, 2130, 2131. 
In response, Patent Owner argued that the Examiner misunderstood 
Kiessling, again arguing that the claimed method was distinguishable over 
Kiessling because “[t]he Kiessling methods do not involve the isolation of 
free nucleic acid from samples, and therefore, do not teach methods for 
detection of free nucleic acid.” Id. at 2148–49. Patent Owner also repeated 
its argument that the claimed method solved a long felt need and 
demonstrated unexpected results. Id. at 2150. 
The Examiner responded by maintaining the anticipation rejection 
over Kiessling and adding obviousness rejections over several different 
combinations of art. Id. at 2168–74. The Examiner added an obviousness 
rejection over the combination of Amicucci or Saito in view of Kiessling, 
finding that “both Amicucci et al. and Saito et al. teach a method of 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
12 
detecting free nucleic acid which comprises all of the limitations of Claim 1, 
except these authors do not teach that their maternal samples comprise[] an 
agent that impedes cell lysis.” Id. at 2168. The Examiner nonetheless found 
claim 1 obvious because Kiessling taught the use of a cell lysis inhibitor. Id. 
Patent Owner responded by amending claim 1 to recite that the free 
nucleic acid is isolated from “a non-cellular fraction” of the sample. Id. at 
2238. Appellant also argued that the claimed method was distinguishable 
over Kiessling because “Kiessling ‘fixes’ leukocytes, and subsequently 
DNA is isolated from the fixed leukocytes,” i.e., “isolation of DNA from a 
cellular fraction.” Id. at 2245. Thus, according to Patent Owner, Kiessling 
did not teach or suggest detecting free nucleic acid from a non-cellular 
fraction of a sample. Id. Patent Owner also repeated its argument that the 
claimed method solved a long felt need and demonstrated unexpected 
results. Id. at 2247–48. 
The Examiner subsequently stated that the pending claims were 
“deemed to be allowable over the prior art of record in light of the 
applicant’s amendment filed 02 JUN 09 and the persuasive argument(s) 
therein.” Id. at 2271. After the filing of a terminal disclaimer to address a 
non-statutory obviousness-type double patenting rejection (id. at 2280), the 
Examiner issued a notice of allowance (id. at 2286–88). 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
 Principles of Law 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
13 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). 
To show anticipation under 35 U.S.C. § 102, each and every claim 
element, arranged as in the claim, must be disclosed in a single piece of prior 
art. Net MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
“An element may be inherently disclosed only if it is necessarily present, not 
merely probably or possibly present, in the prior art.” Guangdong Alison 
Hi-Tech Co. v. Int’l. Trade Comm’n, 936 F.3d 1353, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2019). 
“[A] limitation or the entire invention is inherent and in the public domain if 
it is the natural result flowing from the explicit disclosure of the prior art.” 
Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharm., 339 F.3d 1373, 1379 (Fed. Cir. 2003) 
(internal quotation and citation omitted). 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the differences 
between the subject matter sought to be patented and the prior art are such 
that the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which that 
subject matter pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) secondary considerations of 
nonobviousness when presented. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 
17–18 (1966). When evaluating a combination of teachings, we must also 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
14 
“determine whether there was an apparent reason to combine the known 
elements in the fashion claimed by the patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 
418 (citing In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 2006)). Whether a 
combination of elements produces a predictable result weighs in the ultimate 
determination of obviousness. Id. at 416–417. 
 Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art (“POSA”) 
In determining the level of skill in the art, we consider the problems 
encountered in the art, the art’s solutions to those problems, the rapidity with 
which innovations are made, the sophistication of the technology, and the 
educational level of active workers in the field. Custom Accessories, Inc. v. 
Jeffrey-Allan Indus., Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 (Fed. Cir. 1986). 
Petitioner proposes the following POSA definition: 
[A POSA] would have had “a M.D. and/or Ph.D. in a related area 
such as genetics, biochemistry, molecular biology, cell biology, 
or microbiology and at least one to two years of work in one of 
those related areas . . . [or] a Bachelor’s degree in one of the 
foregoing areas and at least three to four years of work in that 
area.” . . . Based on this asserted level of skill, the POSA at the 
relevant time would have had academic or industry experience 
collecting and analyzing cell-free nucleic acid, such as DNA, 
from blood samples. 
Pet. 12 (quoting Ex. 1020 ¶ 15); see also Ex. 1043 ¶¶ 13–15. 
We applied this definition at the institution stage. Inst. Dec. 36–37. 
Patent Owner did not expressly contest this definition during trial, noting 
only that “Dr. Van Ness meets [this] definition” and “confirms [that] his 
opinions are the same under either party’s definition.” PO Resp. 6 (citing 
Ex. 2239 ¶¶ 20–25). To the extent there are minor differences in the above 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
15 
definition and the alternative definition offered by Dr. Van Ness (Ex. 2239 
¶ 23), Dr. Van Ness’s proposal is too broad for at least the reason that it does 
not require the POSA have experience collecting and analyzing cell-free 
DNA from blood samples—subject matter relevant to the claims and applied 
art. Accordingly, we continue to apply Petitioner’s proposed definition 
here.13 In any event, the parties’ technical declarants meet or exceed either 
definition and there is no indication that their opinions would change 
depending on which definition was applied, and no argument from the 
parties to the contrary. Ex. 1056 ¶¶ 5–10 (overview of qualifications and 
experience); Ex. 2239 ¶¶ 4–7 (same). 
 Claim Construction 
We interpret a claim “using the same claim construction standard that 
would be used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 
282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). Under this standard, we construe the claim 
“in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such claim as 
understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution history 
pertaining to the patent.” Id. 
A patent’s specification may provide a special definition to a claim 
term, or the intrinsic evidence may reveal an inventor’s intentional 
disclaimer or disavowal of claim scope. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d. 
 
13 We adopted a somewhat differently phrased definition for the POSA in the 
Labcorp cases based on the parties’ proposals in those matters. See, e.g., 
IPR2021-01026, Paper 51 at 9–11. On this record, we do not see that such 
differences are material or would alter the outcome of this Decision. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
16 
1303, 1316 (Fed. Cir. 2005). If the inventor acts as their own lexicographer 
to give a claim term a special definition, that definition must be set forth in 
the specification with reasonable clarity, deliberateness, and precision. 
Renishaw PLC v. Marposs Societa’ per Azioni, 158 F.3d 1243, 1249 (Fed. 
Cir. 1998). A disavowal, if any, can be made by language in the 
specification or the prosecution history. Poly-America, L.P. v. API Indus., 
Inc., 839 F.3d 1131, 1136 (Fed. Cir. 2016). “To disavow claim scope, the 
specification must contain ‘expressions of manifest exclusion or restriction, 
representing a clear disavowal of claim scope.’” Retractable Techs., Inc. v. 
Becton, Dickinson & Co., 653 F.3d 1296, 1306 (Fed. Cir. 2011) (quoting 
Epistar Corp. v. Int’l Trade Comm’n, 566 F.3d 1321, 1335 (Fed. Cir. 2009)). 
“[T]he standard for disavowal is exacting, requiring clear and unequivocal 
evidence that the claimed invention includes or does not include a particular 
feature.” Poly-America, 839 F.3d at 1136. 
Petitioner does not identify any claim terms as needing express 
construction. Pet. 21–22 (“[T]he Board need not construe any terms of the 
challenged claims to resolve the underlying controversy.”). Patent Owner 
argues that the claims should be construed to exclude alleged “anticoagulant 
chelators,” including EDTA and ACD, as satisfying the “agent” term. PO 
Resp. at 7. We discuss in more detail below. 
Claim 1 recites, among other limitations, that the sample comprises 
“an agent that impedes cell lysis, if cells are present.” See supra Section 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
17 
I(D).14 Patent Owner, citing a claim construction adopted by the district 
court in Patent Owner’s litigation with third-party Natera, argues that this 
“agent” limitation should be construed the same way by the Board. PO 
Resp. 6–7 (citing Ex. 2039, 1). The district court interpreted the “agent” 
limitation to mean: 
[A] substance that inhibits the rupture of cells that is selected 
from the group consisting of membrane stabilizer, cross-linker 
and cell lysis inhibitor, and does not include chelators used as 
anticoagulants nor endogenous substances. 
Id.; Ex. 2039, 1 (Supplemental Claim Construction Order) (emphasis 
added).15 According to Patent Owner, “[t]he specification, prosecution 
histories [of the ’277 and ’720 patents], and extrinsic evidence consistently 
and unambiguously support” this construction. PO Resp. 7. Because 
“chelators used as anticoagulants” encompasses both EDTA and ACD, 
Patent Owner argues, the “Board should thus construe the agent term to 
exclude anticoagulant chelators, including EDTA and ACD.” Id. 
 
14 The related ’277 patent includes claims that require “an agent that inhibits 
lysis of cells, if cells are present.” See IPR2021-01272, Ex. 1001, 473:2–3. 
We use the terms “inhibits” and “impedes” interchangeably, as the parties 
have done in these proceedings. 
15 Pursuant to our rules, we take this claim construction into account in 
construing the claims in this proceeding. 37 C.F.R. § 42.100. Although this 
construction also excludes “endogenous substances,” we need not further 
address that language because no challenge in this case cites endogenous 
substances as being the claimed “agent.” Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan 
Broad Ocean Motor Co. Ltd., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“[W]e 
need only construe terms that are in controversy, and only to the extent 
necessary to resolve the controversy.”) (internal quotation marks omitted). 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
18 
Patent Owner cites intrinsic evidence in support of its interpretation. 
Id. at 7–14. For example, Patent Owner contends the Specification 
distinguishes anticoagulant chelators from the claimed agent, including in a 
working example (Example 4) where a blood sample placed in a tube with 
only EDTA was treated as a control and compared with a sample purporting 
to illustrate the invention, which included EDTA in combination with 
formalin. Id. at 7–8 (citing Ex. 1001, 89:35–37, 89:46–47, 90:16–20). This 
example, the patent discloses, shows processing of blood samples “both in 
the absence and presence of cell lysis inhibitors,” which Patent Owner 
contends should be reasonably read as indicating that an agent that inhibits 
lysis of cells is “absent” in the EDTA-only sample. Id. (emphasis 
omitted).16 
Furthermore, Patent Owner cites portions of the prosecution history 
where the applicant argued that disclosures about EDTA in the applied art 
did not meet the “agent” term. Id. at 8–13 (citing, applicant’s argument 
during prosecution of the ’277 patent that the Office was “simply incorrect” 
in finding that EDTA in a prior art reference relied upon by the Examiner 
was an agent that inhibits lysis of cells; “Rather, EDTA is a well-known 
chelator of calcium and magnesium . . . routinely added to blood . . . as an 
anticoagulant due to its ability to chelate calcium.”) (emphasis omitted). 
 
16 The ’720 patent describes EDTA as a “magnesium chelator” and discusses 
EDTA separately from the listing of agents that inhibit cell lysis. Compare 
Ex. 1001, 32:61–63 (identifying EDTA), with id. at 33:12–33:28 (listing 
formaldehyde and glucose as, respectively, a cell lysis inhibitor and 
membrane stabilizer). 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
19 
According to Patent Owner, similar acknowledgments were made during 
prosecution of the ’720 patent about art that disclosed processing samples in 
ACD tubes. Id. at 11–12 (citing Ex. 1012, 1156 (Adams rejection), 2170 
(Holodniy rejection); Ex. 2075, 2 (Holodniy disclosing ACD); Ex. 2023, 
20:52–54 (Adams disclosing ACD)). Patent Owner contends that, during 
reexamination of the ’720 patent, it again disavowed any claim scope that 
would encompass ACD. PO Resp. 13 n.1 (citing Ex. 2238, 30–34, and 
Aylus Networks, Inc. v. Apple Inc., 856 F.3d 1353, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2017)).17 
Finally, Patent Owner cites extrinsic evidence, including several 
technical publications as showing that EDTA and ACD are routinely 
 
17 Although a patentee’s statements before the Office may evidence a 
disclaimer, Patent Owner’s statements in the cited reexamination do not 
weigh heavy here. There is no record here that the Examiner has acted on 
Patent Owner’s statements of alleged disavowal in the reexamination. In 
Aylus, by contrast, the district court relied on patentee’s earlier statements 
made in its preliminary response that contributed to the Board’s denial of 
inter partes review for the relevant claims. Aylus, 856 F.3d at 1362–63. In 
that light, the patentee could not advance a narrow claim interpretation 
before the Office that secured IPR denial and later maintain a broader (and 
inconsistent) interpretation before the courts, which the courts in Aylus 
viewed as a prosecution disclaimer. Here, however, the reexamination of 
the ’720 patent had just begun and was stayed so that the related IPRs could 
be completed first. We do not treat Patent Owner’s argument in the present 
IPR about the claims not covering ACD or its chemical components as a 
“disclaimer,” and we decline to elevate similar argument made in the stayed 
reexam to such status. Cf. Cupp Computing AS v. Trend Micro Inc., 53 
F.4th 1376, (Fed. Cir. 2022) (holding “a disclaimer is not binding on the 
PTO in the very proceeding in which it is made, just as a disclaimer in a 
district court proceeding would not bind the district court in that 
proceeding”). 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
20 
characterized as anticoagulants for blood-collection tubes, not as cell-lysis 
inhibitors, fixatives, or preservatives. PO Resp. 13–14. Patent Owner cites, 
for example, the FDA labeling for ACD classifying it as an anticoagulant 
and noting that ACD “acts as an anticoagulant by the action of the citrate ion 
chelating free ionized calcium.” Id. at 13 (quoting Ex. 2071, 1). Patent 
Owner also cites, for example, a published patent application from tube-
maker Streck, Inc., that lists EDTA and ACD among “anticoagulants,” while 
listing preservatives and polysaccharides separately. Id. at 14–15 (citing Ex. 
2073 ¶¶ 14 (listing formaldehyde as a preservative), 89 (listing 
anticoagulants), 90 (listing polysaccharides)). 
The question that Patent Owner’s proposed claim construction 
presents is whether a claimed agent that inhibits cell lysis may be a chelator 
used as an anticoagulant. The Specification and prosecution history make 
clear that at least one anticoagulant chelator—EDTA—is excluded from 
satisfying the claimed agent as recited in claim 1. As discussed above, the 
Specification describes an example where a sample processed in a tube with 
only EDTA is described as processing a sample in the “absence” of an agent 
that inhibits cell lysis. Ex. 1001, 89:35–57 (describing, in contrast, the 
EDTA + formalin sample as showing an example in the “presence of 
inhibitors of cell lysis”). If EDTA alone could be read as meeting the 
“agent” limitation, that example would make no sense. Petitioner provides 
no persuasive argument otherwise. 
The prosecution history buttresses the exclusion of the anticoagulant 
chelator EDTA from being the claimed “agent.” For example, during 
prosecution of the related ’277 patent, the Examiner at one point expressly 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
21 
identified the EDTA in the tubes of a prior art reference as satisfying the 
agent term, prompting applicant’s argument that the Office was “incorrect” 
in doing so, and further distinguishing EDTA as merely “a well-known 
chelator of calcium and magnesium” that is added to blood “as an 
anticoagulant due to its ability to chelate calcium.” Ex. 2064, 1196 (arguing 
“EDTA is clearly referred to as a chelator in Applicant’s specification, not as 
a cell lysis inhibitor”); supra Section I(E); Ex. 1001, 32:61–64 (listing 
EDTA and EGTA as chelators). This, in turn, convinced the Examiner to 
withdraw the finding that EDTA was an “agent” as claimed and move on to 
art that disclosed formaldehyde as meeting that claim term. Ex. 2064, 1024 
(Examiner interview summary noting that “applicant pointed out [that] 
EDTA could not be defined as a cell lysis inhibitor but rather was simply an 
anticoagulant”). This colloquy during prosecution evidences a clear and 
unmistakable disavowal of EDTA as being the claimed “agent.” 
Having determined that Patent Owner disavowed EDTA as the 
claimed “agent,” we next consider whether the disavowal extends more 
broadly to other anticoagulant chelators and, specifically, to ACD. On this 
record, we find that it does as explained below. In distinguishing EDTA 
from being the “agent,” Patent Owner relied not on properties that are 
unique to EDTA, but on the fact that it was a “well-known chelator” used as 
an anticoagulant in this technical field. Ex. 2064, 1196. Given Patent 
Owner’s clear intent to exclude EDTA from the scope of the claimed 
“agent” on the basis that it was simply an anticoagulant chelator, we find 
that a POSA would also have understood other anticoagulant chelators as 
subject to Patent Owner’s disavowal. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
22 
Consistent with this understanding, during prosecution of the ’720 
patent, the Examiner found that Holodniy (and at least one other reference) 
did not disclose the “agent” term—notwithstanding that such references 
disclosed processing samples in ACD tubes. Ex. 2041, 2170 (finding that 
Holodniy “teach[es] a method of detecting free nucleic acid which 
comprises all of the limitations of Claim 1, except these authors do not teach 
that their samples comprise an agent that impedes cell lysis”); see also id. at 
1156 (finding Adams “do[es] not teach adding an agent that impedes cell 
lysis to the sample”). Patent Owner confirmed the Examiner’s finding on 
this point. Id. at 2254 (asserting that Holodniy fails to teach or suggest the 
claimed method “wherein an agent that impedes cell lysis has been added”). 
And Patent Owner argues persuasively, without dispute from Petitioner, that 
ACD is the only addition to the collection tubes of Holodniy and Adams 
besides the sample itself. PO Resp. 12; PO Sur-reply 2–3; Ex. 2075, 2; 
Ex. 2023, 20:52–54.18 This lends further support that neither the Examiner 
nor Patent Owner considered ACD as an anticoagulant chelator to be an 
“agent” as claimed. 
For the reasons above, we construe the phrase “an agent that impedes 
cell lysis” to exclude chelators used as anticoagulants. Although the “agent” 
cannot itself be an anticoagulant chelator, the sample, as a whole, in the 
 
18 It appears to be the case, however, that ACD was never explicitly 
highlighted by the Examiner or applicant during prosecution in relation to 
the agent term or otherwise. As we discuss in more detail below, ACD is 
not a single chemical compound; instead it includes multiple compounds in 
solution, and some of them are not chelators. Ex. 1068 ¶ 3; Ex. 2071, 1; 
Ex. 2074, 4; Ex. 1067, 51:14–17; Ex. 1069, 114:17–20; Ex. 1067, 56:11–16. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
23 
claimed methods may still include chelators used as anticoagulants. The 
claims use the phrase “said sample comprises” indicating that the claims are 
open ended, and that the sample may include other unrecited components. 
Exergen Corp. v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., 575 F.3d 1312, 1319 (Fed. Cir. 
2009) (“The claim uses the term ‘comprising,’ which is well understood in 
patent law to mean ‘including but not limited to.’”). Indeed, as explained 
above, the Specification includes examples that purport to represent the 
invention where maternal blood samples are processed in tubes that combine 
EDTA (an anticoagulant chelator) with formalin/formaldehyde (the cell-lysis 
inhibitor), which samples are contrasted with a control where the maternal 
blood is processed in EDTA-only tubes.19 
 Overview of the Asserted Prior Art 
1. 
Landes (Exhibit 1003) 
Landes is an international patent application that published July 31, 
2003. Ex. 1003, code (43). Landes claims priority to a U.S. provisional 
patent application (No. 60/349,877) that was filed January 18, 2002 
(hereafter “the Landes Provisional” (Ex. 1006)). 
Landes relates generally to non-invasive methods used to distinguish 
 
19 Because we find that the intrinsic evidence is sufficiently clear, we need 
not rely on extrinsic evidence for purposes of construing the claims. That 
said, based on the present record, consistent with Patent Owner’s argument 
(PO Resp. 13–15), ACD is commonly characterized as an anticoagulant (not 
a preservative) in many external publications. But that is not always the 
case, as is plain from other extrinsic evidence of record. See, e.g., Ex. 1062, 
613 (describing ACD as a “preservative” of blood or blood cells). 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
24 
circulating fetal DNA from maternal DNA in samples from maternal blood, 
and thereby to detect fetal aneuploidies and alleles. Ex. 1003, code (57). 
Landes teaches, for example, that “maternal serum or plasma may be a 
relatively rich source of fetal DNA based on PCR determinations,” that 
“fetal DNA can be consistently detected in maternal serum as early as 7 
weeks,” and that such DNA increases during gestation. Id. at 2:19–25 
(disclosing that “the lowest fetal DNA concentration in plasma as measured 
by PCR was greater than 20 fetal cell equivalents per mL of maternal blood 
with some instances where fetal DNA constituted as much as 5% of the total 
DNA in plasma”). 
Landes discloses a plasma separation and fetal DNA isolation 
protocol where maternal blood is first collected into ACDA tubes supplied 
from Becton, Dickinson. Id. at 10:26–12:6. Landes teaches that, following 
centrifugation and plasma removal, DNA can be isolated from the plasma 
sample using commercially available kits. Id. Landes teaches that the DNA 
may then be treated with bisulfite to distinguish fetal and maternal DNA and 
the nucleotide sequence of interest may be subsequently amplified (e.g. via 
fetal-specific PCR) and analyzed. Id. at 12:9–15:3. More specifically, 
Landes teaches that isolated DNA may be treated “with a reagent which 
differentially modifies methylated and non-methylated DNA, e.g., bisulfite,” 
which recognizes that fetal DNA is generally “hypomethylated relative to 
adult DNA.” Id. at 8:22–28 (explaining that “[o]ne means of generating 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
25 
fetal-specific PCR products is to identify loci that are unmethylated in fetal 
DNA and methylated in adult/maternal DNA.”). 
2. 
Marx (Exhibit 1029) 
Marx is an article that published in 1991. Ex. 1029, 743. Marx 
relates to techniques that aim to prepare platelet rich plasma samples with 
reduced white blood cell contamination. Id. Marx teaches, for example, “an 
effective method of significantly decreasing the WBC content” involves 
“reduced centrifugation time and with the braking programs disengaged.” 
Id.; see also id. at 746 (“[N]o brakes gave much more reasonable yields . . . 
as well as low WBC contamination.”). 
3. 
Yen-Lieberman (Exhibit 1033) 
Yen-Lieberman is an article entitled “Diagnosis of Human 
Cytomegalovirus Disease,” that appears in the Clinical Microbiology 
Newsletter. Ex. 1033. The article is dated July 15, 2000. Yen-Lieberman is 
a review of the “methodological aspects of newer and current commercially 
available tests” for detecting human cytomegalovirus (“HCMV”). Id. at 
108. One of the tests discussed is the AMPLICOR CMV test, which “uses 
PCR nucleic acid amplification for qualitative detection of HCMV DNA in 
plasma separated from anticoagulated whole blood (EDTA or ACD 
anticoagulants).” Id. at 107. Yen-Lieberman teaches that “the detection of 
circulating HCMV DNA in plasma or whole blood predicts the subsequent 
development of HCMV disease.” Id. at 108 (internal citations omitted). 
“Additionally, quantitation of the amount of HCMV DNA in blood is a 
useful clinical tool to monitor patients on therapy.” Id. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
26 
4. 
Gocke (Exhibit 1034) 
Gocke is an issued U.S. Patent, entitled “Detection of Extracellular 
Tumor-Associated Nucleic Acid in Blood Plasma or Serum Using Nucleic 
Acid Amplification Assays.” Ex. 1034, code (54). It issued on December 5, 
2000. Id. at code (45). Gocke discloses “detection of specific extracellular 
nucleic acid in plasma or serum fractions of human or animal blood.” Id. at 
Abstract. Gocke states that the methods disclosed therein can be used to 
detect “[n]ucleic acid from any biological source, including but not limited 
to . . . viral . . .nucleic acid.” Id. at 7:57–60. 
 Ground 1: Anticipation by Landes 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 3–8, 21, and 24 are unpatentable as 
anticipated by Landes. Pet. 22–32. Petitioner contends Landes is prior art 
under §§ 102(a) and/or (e). Id. at 13.20 With respect to the “agent that 
 
20 Before institution, Patent Owner contested the sufficiency of Petitioner’s 
showing on whether Landes was entitled to the priority benefit of the filing 
date of the Landes provisional application. We disagreed that Petitioner’s 
showing was insufficient. Inst. Dec. 43–47. Patent Owner did not raise any 
issue during trial about Landes’s prior art status and, thus, has forfeited any 
argument that Landes is not prior art. On this record, we determine that 
Landes is § 102(a) prior art based on its July 31, 2003, publication date. On 
this record, we do not presume the claims of the ’720 patent are entitled to 
any earlier priority date of other applications listed in its ancestral chain. 
PowerOasis, Inc. v. T-Mobile USA, Inc., 522 F.3d 1299, 1305 (Fed. Cir. 
2008) (explaining that “there is simply no reason to presume that claims in a 
[CIP] application are entitled to the effective filing date of an earlier filed 
application”). That is especially true with the patent’s complex priority 
chain, involving several CIPs leading back to a provisional application filed 
 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
27 
impedes cell lysis, if cells are present” limitation, Petitioner points to 
Landes’s disclosure of a method for collecting maternal blood in tubes that 
contain ACD—and, more specifically, that such tubes will necessarily 
expose the blood to dextrose (i.e., glucose).21 Id. at 24–28 (citing, for 
example, Ex. 1003, 10:28–29 (disclosing use of an “ACDA blood collection 
tube”); Ex. 1007, 4:30–39 (listing components of Becton Dickinson’s ACD-
A formulation, including sodium citrate, citric acid, and 24.5 gm of 
dextrose•H2O)). According to Petitioner, “[t]he ’720 patent identifies 
glucose as ‘an agent that impedes cell lysis’ according to the alleged 
invention.” Id. at 24–25 (citing Ex. 1001, 33:12–28 (“In another 
embodiment, an agent that stabilizes cell membranes may be added to the 
maternal blood samples to reduce maternal cell lysis including . . . 
glucose.”) (Petitioner’s emphasis). 
Patent Owner raises multiple counterarguments. PO Resp. 16–36; PO 
Sur-Reply 2–12. First, essentially repeating its claim construction analysis, 
Patent Owner argues that Landes uses ACD only as an anticoagulant without 
disclosing any specific functionality of ACD’s dextrose component, and that 
 
on May 8, 2002. Ex. 1001, code (60), (63). Neither party has made any 
showing in this proceeding that the challenged claims are entitled to such 
earlier priority dates. Moreover, even if it the challenged claims could claim 
priority to the filing dates in 2002, the Landes provisional (filed Jan. 18, 
2002; Ex. 1006) predates those applications and Landes would be § 102(e) 
prior art based on the reasoning in the Institution Decision, which we adopt 
here. Inst. Dec. 43–47. 
21 The parties did not argue any material distinction between “dextrose” and 
“glucose” in this proceeding and, like the parties, we use the terms 
interchangeably herein. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
28 
Landes’s ACD should be excluded from satisfying the “agent” term. PO 
Resp. 17–21; see also id. at 26 (“[T]he sole role of ACD in Landes was to 
prevent coagulation so that plasma could be collected and frozen until DNA 
isolation”). Patent Owner contends that the public has been on notice that 
anticoagulant chelators are not the claimed “agent” and, accordingly, that 
“Landes’s disclosure of ACD (and its dextrose component) fails to meet the 
‘agent’ limitation.” Id. at 20–21. Second, even if the dextrose of ACD is 
not excluded from the scope of the “agent” term as a matter of claim 
interpretation, Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to provide evidence 
sufficient to show that dextrose in Landes’s ACD tubes and method 
necessarily “inhibits lysis of cells” as claimed. Id. at 21–22; 29–36 (arguing, 
inter alia, that a “mere possibility” of ACD’s dextrose component inhibiting 
lysis in Landes’s method is not enough); PO Sur-reply 10–12 (arguing that 
Petitioner’s contentions about dextrose regulating “isotonicity” or providing 
a “nutrient source” for cells are belated and otherwise substantively 
flawed).22 
There is no dispute on this record that ACD includes dextrose, and 
that dextrose is a species of glucose. Ex. 1043 ¶ 24 (Dr. Levy testimony that 
ACD includes dextrose, the dextrorotatory form of glucose); Ex. 1068 ¶ 3 
(Dr. Levy listing components of ACD); Ex. 2074, 4; Ex. 1067 54:2–6 (Dr. 
 
22 Patent Owner also argues that Landes does not disclose the claim step of 
“detecting the presence or absence of the free nucleic acid” because 
Landes’s method modifies portions of the cffDNA, changing certain 
nucleotides (i.e., C to T) in those DNA sequences. PO Resp. 36–39. We do 
not reach this argument because, as explained herein, Petitioner’s challenge 
to the claims fails for other reasons. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
29 
Van Ness agreeing that, “[b]y definition, an ACD tube to a person of skill in 
the art would contain glucose”). Nor is there any dispute that the ’720 patent 
identifies glucose as among several cell-stabilizing agents that may be added 
to a sample to inhibit maternal cell lysis. Ex. 1001, 6:49–65. Rather, the 
dispute here centers on two questions: 1) whether the exclusion of 
anticoagulant chelators from meeting the claimed “agent” limitation operates 
to exclude dextrose introduced to a sample through ACD, and 2) whether 
Petitioner has established, by a preponderance of the evidence, that the 
dextrose in ACD actually impedes lysis of cells in Landes’s method. We 
address each of these questions in turn below. 
1. 
Whether exclusion of anticoagulant chelators as the 
claimed “agent” also excludes glucose introduced to a 
blood sample in an ACD tube? 
As discussed above (Section II(C)), the claims exclude anticoagulant 
chelators from being the claimed “agent that impedes cell lysis, if cells are 
present.” We now consider whether that exclusion extends to the individual 
components of ACD—and dextrose, in particular. First, we provide a brief 
overview of ACD. 
ACD is a solution comprising three main components: (1) citric acid 
(2) sodium citrate and (3) dextrose. Ex. 1068 ¶ 3 (testimony of Dr. Levy); 
Ex. 2074 (FDA prescribing information for ACD A), 1 (indicating that the 
“[g]eneric name” for ACD A is of “citric acid monohydrate, dextrose 
monohydrate, and trisodium citrate dihydrate,” and identifying the “[d]osage 
form” as “injection, solution”), 4 (describing mechanism of action and 
identifying the function of each of the three components of ACD). As Dr. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
30 
Levy explains, “it is the citrate ion chelating free ionized calcium” that acts 
as an anticoagulant. Ex. 1068 ¶ 3; Ex. 2074, 4 (noting ACD Solution A 
“acts as an extracorporeal anticoagulant by binding the free calcium in the 
blood,” that “[c]alcium is a necessary co-factor to several steps in the 
clotting cascade,” and that “[s]odium [c]itrate anticoagulates”). The citric 
acid provides for “pH regulation” and dextrose is for “isotonicity”—
influencing movement of water across the cellular membrane. Ex. 1068 ¶ 3 
(Dr. Levy stating, “citric acid, for pH regulation” and “glucose (i.e., 
dextrose) for isotonicity”); Ex. 1067, 59:5–20 (Dr. Van Ness testifying to his 
understanding of “isotonicity”); Ex. 2074, 4 (stating “[c]itric acid for pH 
regulation” and “[d]extrose for isotonicity”). Dr. Levy testifies that “the 
glucose of ACD is not the anticoagulant chelator.” Ex. 1068 ¶ 3; see also 
Ex. 1067, 56:11–16 (Dr. Van Ness testifying he has no support for glucose 
of ACD itself acting as an anticoagulant chelator); id. at 58:5–15 (Dr. Van 
Ness testifying he has no basis to disagree with the description of ACD and 
its mechanism of action in the FDA prescribing information (Ex. 2074)). In 
short, ACD includes three main components in aqueous solution—a chelator 
(sodium citrate), a pH buffer (citric acid), and glucose (for isotonicity). 
The ’720 expressly identifies glucose as an agent that impedes cell 
lysis. See e.g., Ex. 1001, 6:49–56 (“An agent that stabilizes cell membranes 
may be added to the maternal blood sample to reduce maternal cell lysis[,] 
including . . . glucose”); see also, id. at 11:57–63; 33:12–20; 214: 4–11; 
219:55–62; 254:1–8; 260:29–37; 264:14–21; 269:26–34; 274:36–43; 
279:10–17; 285:1–8; 290:44–51. This presents the question whether glucose 
is nonetheless precluded from satisfying the claimed “agent” limitation 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
31 
because it was introduced into the blood sample in a solution that also 
includes a chelator (sodium citrate) and a pH buffer (citric acid). We find 
that glucose is not so precluded. As discussed above, the claims are open-
ended and may cover combinations that include an anticoagulant chelator 
(e.g., the compound EDTA) along with a lysis-inhibiting agent, such as 
formaldehyde. 
The claims place no apparent limitation on how the “agent” comes to 
be in the sample—no such limitation was argued in this case. The claims 
simply require that the “sample comprises” an “agent that impedes cell lysis, 
if cells are present.” It would seem incongruous that a blood sample to 
which is added a substance expressly called out as an “agent” in the 
specification of the ’720 patent would be excluded from meeting the “agent” 
limitation simply because that substance was introduced to the sample as one 
component of a solution also comprising an anticoagulant/chelator. This is 
particularly true where there is no indication on this record that glucose (in 
ACD or otherwise) plays any specific role in anticoagulation or chelation. 
Ex. 1068 ¶ 3 (Dr. Levy testimony identifying the functions of ACD’s 
components); Ex. 1069, 114:17–20 (Van Ness testifying he would not 
classify glucose as a chelator). 
For Patent Owner’s disavowal of claim scope to extend to an 
individual chemical component of the ACD solution that itself plays no role 
in anticoagulation or chelation, Patent Owner disavowal needed to make that 
unambiguously clear. Poly-America, 839 F.3d at 1136. As discussed above, 
the sodium citrate component of ACD is that solution’s anticoagulant 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
32 
chelator—glucose, which provides a different function, is not.23 
For the reasons discussed above, Patent Owner excluded 
anticoagulant chelators from being the claimed “agent.” See supra Section 
II(C). It is not, however, clear that the exclusion extends to all of the 
individual components of a multi-part “anticoagulant” solution—at least one 
of which is specifically identified in the ’720 patent as being among the 
agents that can inhibit cell lysis. As discussed already, during prosecution 
the Examiner considered at least two prior art references, Holodniy and 
Adams, each of which collected blood in ACD tubes, and found that they 
lacked a teaching of the claimed agent. But there is no indication that in 
doing so, the Examiner considered the position urged here by Petitioner, i.e., 
that the glucose sub-component within ACD meets the “agent” limitation. 
Pet. 26 (Petitioner focusing on ACD’s glucose, and the listing of glucose in 
the patent); Pet. Reply 1–2 (distinguishing ACD’s citrate component as the 
 
23 Patent Owner cites a docket entry in Ravgen v. Laboratory Corporation of 
America Holding, 6:20-cv-00969, ECF No. 199 (W.D. Tex. Sep. 13, 2022) 
as the district court’s order granting summary judgment of no anticipation by 
Landes. PO Sur-Reply 4; Ex. 2306, 1 (“[A]cid citrate dextrose (ACD) in . . . 
Landes . . . do[es] not disclose the claimed ‘agent’ . . . as a matter of law.”). 
Beyond noting that the motion was “GRANTED,” the order includes one 
sentence on this point (quoted in relevant part in the parenthetical above) 
without further explanation of the court’s reasoning. Petitioner argues that it 
was not a party to that litigation, it does not have access to all the briefing 
and evidence underlying the order, and the court applies a higher standard of 
proof than is required in this IPR. Pet. Sur-Sur-Reply 1–2. For these 
reasons, the court’s order is of limited persuasive value and plays no role in 
our analysis. 
 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
33 
anticoagulant chelator separate from glucose and its functionality). We 
conclude that Patent Owner’s disavowal does not unambiguously extend to 
glucose as relevant to Petitioner’s challenge here. Even short of disavowal, 
we are also not persuaded that POSA would interpret glucose as excluded 
from possibly satisfying the “agent” limitation when other parts of the 
intrinsic evidence unambiguously list it as a membrane stabilizer and lysis 
inhibitor.24 
2. 
Has Petitioner established that the dextrose component of 
ACD impedes cell lysis in Landes’s method? 
Landes describes processing maternal blood samples in Becton 
Dickinson’s ACDA collection tubes as part of a plasma separation protocol. 
See, e.g., Ex. 1003, 10:26–32. It is, however, undisputed on this record that 
there is no express disclosure in Landes about the effects of using those 
ACD tubes on cell lysis specifically—much less what effect, if any, the 
dextrose component in those tubes has on cell lysis in Landes’s method. 
Petitioner argues that “the method of Landes anticipates even though it does 
not discuss the effect of glucose in the blood sample.” Pet. 26. According 
to Petitioner, the ’720 patent itself “states that glucose was a known ‘agent 
that stabilizes cell membranes’ and ‘reduce[s] maternal cell lysis.’” Id. at 
 
24 In the remarks where applicant unambiguously disclaimed EDTA, 
explaining that it was merely a “well-known chelator,” applicant contrasted 
EDTA with examples of inhibitors of cell lysis expressly listed in the patent, 
including glucose. Ex. 2064, 1196 (arguing that “EDTA is clearly referred 
to as a chelator in Applicant’s specification, . . . whereas multiple examples 
of agents that inhibit cell lysis are provided separately (see, e.g., paragraphs 
[0166] to [0167])”); id. at 1381 (paragraph 167, listing “glucose”). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
34 
27. Petitioner asserts that Landes is anticipatory regardless of whether 
Landes intended or recognized that glucose was a lysis-inhibiting agent. Id. 
at 26–28 (citing precedents on inherency); see, e.g., Schering Corp., 339 
F.3d at 1377 (holding that a “prior art reference may anticipate without 
disclosing a feature of the claimed invention if that missing characteristic is 
necessarily present, or inherent, in the single anticipating reference”); Pet. 
Reply 5 (arguing recognition of an inherent feature is not needed). 
We agree with Patent Owner that a key issue here is whether 
“dextrose, when present in ACD under the conditions set forth in Landes, 
necessarily is the claimed agent.” PO Resp. 30. To be sure, the ’720 patent 
states that glucose is a membrane stabilizer that can be added to reduce cell 
lysis. And that statement is entitled to weight. But, as pointed out by Patent 
Owner, the patent “never states that ACD (or its components used in 
combination) disclosed in Landes is a membrane stabilizer that impedes cell 
lysis.” Id. at 32–33 (arguing that “[t]he mere possibility of ACD or its 
dextrose component impeding cell lysis is not sufficient to support 
inherency”); PO Sur-reply 6–7 (“Just because the ’720 patent identifies 
glucose as a membrane stabilizer does not mean that glucose under any and 
all conditions—or specifically in Landes’s ACD samples—necessarily 
impedes cell lysis.”). 
In route to deciding this issue, we reject the contention that a mere 
presence of glucose in Landes’s sample is all that must be shown for 
Petitioner to prevail. As confirmed at oral argument, Petitioner urges an 
alleged “plain and ordinary meaning” of the claims. Tr. 19:16–20:3. But, in 
Petitioner’s view, it is simply a “capability” of glucose to inhibit lysis of 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
35 
cells under some set of conditions that is needed—no specific level of 
inhibition, or even any inhibition of cell lysis, under Landes’s conditions is 
required. Id. at 18:7–12. By the plain language, however, claim 1 requires 
the sample include an “agent that impedes cell lysis, if cells are present,” 
and cells are doubtless present in the maternal blood samples taken in 
Landes’s methods. Petitioner cannot carry its burden simply by showing 
that glucose is introduced to Landes’s blood samples via ACD. Rather, 
Petitioner must show that glucose in Landes’s samples actually impedes at 
least some cell lysis, although we agree with Petitioner Landes itself need 
not have recognized that effect. We also agree with Patent Owner that the 
claims do not require “just any ‘agent’ . . . ; the claims require an agent that 
impedes/inhibits cell lysis, albeit without requiring that agent to impose a 
specific amount of inhibition.” PO Sur-reply 8. 
Petitioner contends we should accept as sufficient its mere presence-
of-glucose position because Patent Owner allegedly charged others with 
infringement based solely on the addition of an “agent” (formaldehyde or 
formaldehyde-releasing compounds). Pet. Reply 6 (citing certain testimony 
of Drs. Chalmers and Van Ness). We decline to do so on this record. 
Whether some of Patent Owner’s witnesses may be applying the claims too 
broadly here or in other proceedings relative to infringement or objective 
indicia matters is not decisive on this issue because the intrinsic evidence 
and plain meaning of the claims controls.25 
 
25 Similarly, the cited 2008 paper by Zhang (Ex. 2009, 1), which published 
many years after the application that issued as the ’720 patent was filed, 
 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
36 
If some inhibition of cell lysis attributable to glucose in Landes’s 
samples is required, Petitioner argues it has, nevertheless, made this 
showing. Tr. 22:10–22; Pet. Reply 8 (“Ravgen is incorrect that the glucose 
in the samples of Landes is not an agent that impedes cell lysis according to 
the patent claims.”). In support, Petitioner highlights two asserted properties 
of glucose that are alleged to prevent cell rupture: isotonicity, and providing 
a nutrient source to the cells. Pet. Reply 8. (citing, e.g., Ex. 1067, 59:5–20, 
60:3–13, 75:24–76:8; Ex. 1043 ¶ 25; Ex. 2294, 213:2–214:17, 216:18–
217:24; Ex. 1068 ¶¶ 2–7); Tr. 14:10–19 (Petitioner’s counsel confirming 
reliance on glucose’s two alleged functions: “isotonicity” and “nutrient 
source”). 
Patent Owner contends these arguments by Petitioner about glucose’s 
properties are untimely. PO Sur-reply 10–11. On this record, we do not 
agree. Isotonicity is discussed in Patent Owner’s relied-upon evidence. See 
e.g., Ex. 2074. We also find that the asserted properties of isotonicity and 
providing a potential nutrient source are fairly responsive to Patent Owner’s 
argument that cells in the sample could not metabolize glucose under 
Landes’s method, and that Petitioner has otherwise failed to show that 
glucose inherently inhibits lysis of cells as claimed. It was, thus, appropriate 
for Petitioner to address these matters further in its Reply. We address the 
alleged isotonicity and nutrient source properties in turn below. 
Starting with isotonicity, Petitioner contends “that glucose ‘maintains 
 
reporting “no effect” on cffDNA percentages for samples processed at six 
hours after collection in the presence of formaldehyde cannot change the 
meaning of the claims. Pet. Reply 7 (emphasis omitted). 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
37 
the isotonicity’ of the sample in the presence of the citrate” in ACD. Pet. 
Reply 8 (quoting Ex. 1067, 60:3–13 (deposition testimony of Dr. Van 
Ness)); Ex. 1068 ¶ 3 (Dr. Levy noting glucose’s isotonicity property). 
According to Petitioner, “Dr. Van Ness confirmed that, ‘[i]n the absence of 
an isotonic solution cells have the potential to rupture.’” Pet. Reply 8 
(quoting Ex. 1067, 59:5–20). Petitioner also cites to papers by Loutit 
(Ex. 1060) and Rapoport (Ex. 1062) as “compar[ing] citrate solution with 
acid citrate-glucose solution (ACD) and conclud[ing] that the addition of 
glucose improved cell stabilization.” Pet. Reply 8 (citing Ex. 1068 ¶¶ 4–6); 
Ex. 1068 ¶ 6 (Dr. Levy opining that “Rapoport explained that citrate creates 
a hypertonic solution, but with the addition of glucose, the solution ‘is 
actually almost isotonic with blood in terms of effective tonicity, owing to 
the permeability of the cellular membrane to glucose’”) (quoting Ex. 1062, 
601–602)). 
We agree that the cited evidence on isotonicity supports that glucose 
in ACD has the ability to inhibit cell rupture by helping to maintain fluid 
balance within the cells. Rapoport, for example, found that erythrocytes 
(RBCs) in an acid-citrate, glucose solution underwent osmotic hemolysis 
more slowly than RBCs in a simple citrate solution. Ex. 1062, 613. Patent 
Owner cites, however, rebuttal evidence, which we credit, that failure to 
maintain isotonicity does not necessarily lead to lysis. PO Sur-reply 11–12. 
The failure to maintain tonicity causes cells to shrink or swell 
depending on the solution in which those cells are placed, but does not 
necessarily result in cell lysis. This is admitted by Dr. Levy on cross 
examination: “When a cell swells, it doesn’t always lead to lysis.” Ex. 2299, 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
38 
31:22–32:12 (explaining it only increases the “potential” for lysis and “it’s 
only when the pressure on the membrane becomes I believe too great that 
you would get that lysis”); id. at 27:4–9 (discussing tonicity); Ex. 1068 ¶ 6 
(opining that “without the glucose of ACD, blood cells in a sample would 
have a greater potential for cell lysis”) (emphasis added). 
Dr. Levy also admits other variables can impact whether cells may 
lyse beyond tonicity. Ex. 2299, 33:19–25. Yet Dr. Levy did not consider 
such variables or conditions to show persuasively how the glucose of ACD 
under Landes’s conditions, would necessarily inhibit cell lysis in Landes’s 
method where samples are promptly processed within minutes and frozen. 
Id. at 37:19–22 (did not consider pH), 40:4–9 and 41:6–42:10 (did not 
consider temperatures); PO Resp. 34–36 (noting differences in, inter alia, 
processing times and temperatures, and glucose concentration compared to 
Landes); PO Sur-reply 9–1226 (arguing the conditions of Petitioner’s 
references do not resemble Landes’s conditions); Ex. 1060, 3 (“Blood was 
stored . . . for 4 weeks” in Loutit); Ex. 1062, 594 (storage of whole blood 
 
26 Patent Owner suggests Dr. Levy did not consider glucose concentrations 
(PO Sur-reply 12 (citing Ex. 2299, 39:11–21)), but that is not entirely 
accurate. Dr. Levy opines that the glucose concentration of ACD in Landes 
is “comparable” to the glucose concentrations in some cited references. Pet. 
Reply 8–9; Ex. 1068 ¶ 7 (comparing 24.5 g/L of the Becton Dickinson 
ACDA tubes to the concentrations of 27.3 g/L and 30 g/L of Loutit and 
Rapoport (Ex. 1060, 186 and Ex. 1062, 593, respectively); but see Ex. 2299, 
69:14–25 (Dr. Levy admitting, when asked whether he compared the 
concentrations of components in Rapoport’s solution to concentrations of 
ACDA (as in Landes) that he “didn’t look to draw an opinion on that”). 
 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
39 
samples in a refrigerator at 4° C, followed by transport to a laboratory for 
testing over the course of days and weeks in Rapoport); Ex. 1003, 10:28–
11:2, 16:20–24, 19:19–23 (Landes’s conditions where plasma is separated 
from the cellular fraction within about 20 minutes and promptly frozen at 
- 80 °C). 
Turning next to glucose as a “nutrient source,” this is not taught in 
Landes and Petitioner has not shown that glucose necessarily provided a 
lysis-inhibiting nutrient source in Landes’s method. Petitioner’s evidence, 
including Mollison,27 provides some support that glucose can be a nutrient 
source leading to increased RBC survival, and decreased cell breakdown and 
lysis, but we agree with Patent Owner and Dr. Van Ness that Mollison is 
discussing those effects upon longer-term storage of blood samples that are 
not applicable to Landes.28 Ex. 1011, 16 (disclosing that glucose can also 
 
27 Mollison, P.L., Historical Review: The Introduction of Citrate as an 
Anticoagulant for Transfusion and of Glucose as a Red Cell Preservative, 
British J. of Heamatology, 108:13–19 (2000) (Ex. 1011 or “Mollison”). 
Mollison provides a historical review of the development of citrate and 
citrate glucose compositions arising in connection with blood transfusions 
and experiences during World War I and afterward. See generally Ex. 1011 
(discussing citrate as an anticoagulant and glucose as a preservative: “[T]he 
use of citrate made it possible to separate donor and recipient in space; the 
use of glucose made it possible to separate donation and transfusion by a 
substantial period of time.”). 
28 Petitioner cites several references as purporting to show glucose’s 
“known” properties. Pet. 16 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1011 (Mollison), Ex. 1019 
(Lee), Ex. 1022 (Carter)). But Petitioner’s citation is conclusory, providing 
no substantive, supporting explanation pertinent to the present challenge. 
Dr. Levy’s corresponding testimony on this point cited by Petitioner is 
equally vague and unhelpful. Ex. 1056 ¶ 27. 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
40 
“support red cell metabolism during storage”); Ex. 1067, 75:24–76:5 (Van 
Ness testimony that “[g]lucose can be a nutrient for cells”); PO Resp. 35 
(citing Mollison’s teaching that samples were stored for weeks); Ex. 2239 ¶ 
131 (Van Ness’s testimony that “Mollison’s disclosure is not applicable to 
. . . Landes, where cells are not stored . . . over a four week span”). 
Relevant to Petitioner’s “nutrient source” theory, another condition, 
besides time, is temperature. On cross-examination, Dr. Levy testified that 
“it’s possible” cells “would be able to metabolize glucose [even] when they 
were stored at 3 to 7 degrees C.” Ex. 2299, 62:15–25. Dr. Levy further 
testified that “the colder you get, the slower the biochemical reactions 
occur” (id.) but ultimately conceded that “I didn’t look at these things or was 
asked to consider these things for . . . refuting or discussing the issues that I 
disagreed with Dr. Van Ness” (id. at 63:4–7); see also id. at 64:2–16 
(admitting “I wasn’t asked to consider temperatures” on the question of 
whether cells are nonfunctional at low storage temperatures). Petitioner 
provides no persuasive evidence to indicate that any cells in Landes’s 
samples were impeded from undergoing lysis by virtue of cells metabolizing 
glucose under Landes’s conditions. Quite the opposite, Dr. Levy admitted 
he could not say if any cells in Landes’s method used glucose as a nutrient 
and avoided lysis as a result. Id. at 59:25–60:7 (“Q. Do you know if the 
cells would have used that glucose and metabolized it as a nutrient source in 
the diluents 1 to 8 [of Landes]? A. That wasn’t the focus of what I looked 
into, and that wasn’t directly measured in this article.”). 
Patent Owner, on the other hand, cites evidence that cells are 
incapable of using glucose as a nutrient source under certain conditions—

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
41 
especially at low temperatures. PO Resp. 29–30. Noting McMillan 
(Ex. 2235, 662–665) and its disclosure that “[r]apid separation of the sample 
or cooling will also prevent glycolysis [(i.e., cellular metabolism of 
glucose)],” Dr. Van Ness opines that the POSA would understand that “cells 
collected by Landes did not—and could not—metabolize or use the dextrose 
component of ACD as a membrane stabilizer or cell lysis inhibitor.” 
Ex. 2239 ¶¶ 126–127. That is so, Dr. Van Ness explains, because Landes’s 
method rapidly processes the blood to separate plasma after which the 
plasma is transferred to a fresh tube and promptly frozen at -80°C. Id. 
¶¶ 124–125. And Dr. Levy agrees that, from Landes’s disclosure, this 
process takes only “twenty plus a couple of minutes.” Id. (citing Ex. 2294, 
151:19–152:7). Petitioner dismisses McMillan because it analyzed the cells’ 
inability to metabolize glucose already present in the blood, not glucose 
separately added as part of ACD. Pet. Reply 9. But if the cells are rendered 
nonfunctional and unable to consume endogenous glucose as a nutrient 
source at low temperatures, as suggested by McMillan and Dr. Van Ness, 
Petitioner fails to provide evidence or persuasive technical reasoning to 
suggest the cells’ behavior would change if more glucose were added. 
Ex. 2239 ¶¶ 126–127; Ex. 1068 ¶ 8. 
Altogether, considering the argument and evidence of record, 
Petitioner has shown, at best, that it is possible for glucose to help impede 
cell lysis by reason of isotonicity and providing a nutrient source. But such 
possibilities are not enough for Petitioner to prevail on its challenge to the 
claims as anticipated by Landes. In re Oelrich, 666 F.2d 578, 581 (CCPA 
1981) (“Inherency, however, may not be established by probabilities or 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
42 
possibilities. The mere fact that a certain thing may result from a given set 
of circumstances is not sufficient.”) (internal quotation and citation omitted); 
Guangdong Alison Hi-Tech, 936 F.3d at 1364 (same). Petitioner has not, on 
this record, met its burden to show that the glucose component of ACD in 
Landes’s specific method is an “agent that impedes cell lysis” in the manner 
claimed. 
Lastly, we address the argument about the comparative effects of 
EDTA and ACD. In its Response, Patent Owner cites a handful of 
references reporting no significant differences between use of EDTA and 
ACD as anticoagulants to prepare plasma samples as support for the 
proposition that the dextrose of ACD has not been shown to inhibit lysis of 
cells. PO Resp. 28–29 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1019, 5 (finding “no significant 
difference between EDTA and ACD plasma”); Ex. 2237, 2 (reporting “no 
statistically significant difference between log10 copy numbers in samples 
collected in ACD tubes and those samples collected in EDTA tubes”)). 
Petitioner responds that this is an improper attempt by Patent Owner to read 
a “significant” lysis-inhibiting effect into the claims. Pet. Reply 5–6 
(asserting such reading is “indefinite”). We disagree that was Patent 
Owner’s purpose. Instead, we understand that Patent Owner sought to show 
that EDTA (without dextrose) and ACD (with a dextrose element) were 
materially indistinguishable in terms of the reported results as anticlotting 
agents. PO Resp. 29. 
This argument and evidence about comparing results with EDTA and 
ACD is ultimately neutral to our analysis. We have not been directed to 
evidence that calls out any specific effect of dextrose in these references. As 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
43 
discussed above, EDTA is a chelator that prevents coagulation of the blood. 
ACD is also an anticoagulant, but includes a different chelator compound 
(sodium citrate/citrate ion). The argument and comparisons here between 
EDTA and ACD, which provide substantially the same anticoagulant effects 
using different chelators, shed little light on whether and to what extent any 
lysis inhibition is attributable to glucose in ACD, much less whether glucose 
had such an effect in Landes’s method. Put differently, this argument and 
evidence fail to show specific effects of dextrose in Landes’s ACD samples 
separate and apart from ACD’s anticoagulation function generally. 
3. 
Conclusion on Ground 1 
For the reasons discussed above, we find Petitioner has not 
established by a preponderance of the evidence that Landes discloses “an 
agent that impedes cell lysis, if cells are present” as recited in independent 
claim 1, and the claims depending therefrom. Accordingly, Petitioner has 
not established that claims 1, 3–8, 21, and 24 are anticipated by Landes. 
 Ground 2: Obviousness over Landes and Marx 
Petitioner asserts that claim 22 would have been obvious over Landes 
and Marx. Pet. 33–36. The art is summarized above. Claim 22 ultimately 
depends from claim 1. Petitioner relies on the dextrose in Landes’s ACD for 
satisfying the “agent” limitation incorporated in claim 22 by virtue of its 
dependence on claim 1. Pet. 33. For the reasons explained above under 
Ground 1, Petitioner has not established by a preponderance of the evidence 
that Landes discloses the “agent” limitation of claim 1. As Petitioner’s 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
44 
Ground 2 relies on Petitioner prevailing on Ground 1 and the threshold 
showing for claim 1, Ground 2 also fails here.29 
 Ground 3: Anticipation by Yen-Lieberman 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 3–6, and 24 are unpatentable as 
anticipated by Yen-Lieberman. Pet. 36–41. Petitioner contends 
Yen-Lieberman is prior art under § 102(b). Id. at 20.30 With respect to the 
“agent that impedes cell lysis, if cells are present” limitation, Petitioner 
points to Yen-Lieberman’s disclosure that “the AMPLICOR CMV detects 
DNA from plasma prepared from blood collected in an ACD tube.” Pet. 38. 
According to Petitioner, “[t]his is a reference to Becton Dickinson’s ACD 
blood collection tubes, which contain dextrose (i.e., glucose).” Id. Thus, 
Petitioner concludes, “[f]or the same reasons explained . . . above with 
respect to Landes, Yen-Lieberman discusses a method using glucose, which 
the ’720 patent provides is ‘an agent that impedes cell lysis.’” Id. 
 
29 We need not reach Patent Owner’s argument on objective indicia of 
nonobviousness. See Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc. v. f’real Foods, LLC, 
908 F.3d 1328, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (holding “objective indicia of 
nonobviousness” “need not [be] address[ed]” because the court “affirm[ed] 
the Board’s findings regarding the failure of the prior art to teach or suggest 
all [claim] limitations”). 
30 Before institution, Patent Owner contested the sufficiency of Petitioner’s 
showing that Yen-Lieberman was publicly accessible as of the date on the 
face of the document. We disagreed that Petitioner’s showing was 
insufficient. Inst. Dec. 53–55. Patent Owner did not raise any issue during 
trial about Yen-Lieberman’s prior art status and, thus, has forfeited any 
argument that Yen-Lieberman is not prior art. On this record, we determine 
that Yen-Lieberman is § 102(b) prior art based on the reasoning in the 
Institution Decision, which we adopt here. Inst. Dec. 54–55. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
45 
Patent Owner argues that Yen-Lieberman “includes only one brief 
mention of ACD” and in that brief mention, “discloses only that ACD is an 
anticoagulant.” PO Resp. 40. According to Patent Owner, “Yen-Lieberman 
provides no disclosure that ACD (or its dextrose component) is a membrane 
stabilizer, cell lysis inhibitor, or crosslinker that impedes cell lysis.” Id. 
Nor, according to Patent Owner does the Petition provide evidence “to 
support an inherency theory that the dextrose component of ACD as used in 
Yen-Lieberman is necessarily the claimed agent.” Id. at 42. Patent Owner 
thus asserts: 
Petitioner argues that the dextrose component of ACD in Yen-
Lieberman must necessarily impede cell lysis, but Petitioner and 
its expert provide no analysis of how or why this must 
necessarily occur, and Yen-Lieberman does not provide any 
detail (e.g., the concentration of dextrose in ACD tubes, the 
volume of blood collected, the temperature at which samples 
were processed, and buffer, all of which could potentially change 
how ACD affects a blood sample) to support Petitioner’s 
conclusory allegations and assumptions. 
Id. at 45–46. Moreover, Patent Owner contends that the “blood collection 
and plasma separation in Yen-Lieberman would have occurred promptly and 
the plasma frozen until further processing as was standard for anticoagulant-
based plasma preparation at the time.” Id. at 46 (citing Ex. 1003, 10:28–
11:2; Ex. 1033, 7:6–19; Ex. 2286; Ex. 2239 ¶ 160; Ex. 2235, 1). Patent 
Owner concedes that “the ’720 patent states that glucose is a membrane 
stabilizer,” but argues that it “never states that ACD (or its components used 
in combination) is a membrane stabilizer that impedes cell lysis under the 
conditions disclosed in Yen-Lieberman.” Id. at 47. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
46 
 
As discussed supra § II.E.2, claim 1 requires the sample include an 
“agent that impedes cell lysis, if cells are present,” and Petitioner cannot 
carry its burden simply by showing that glucose is introduced to a blood 
sample. Rather, Petitioner must show that the glucose actually impedes at 
least some unspecified amount of cell lysis. In the context of Yen-
Lieberman, this means that Petitioner must show that the glucose present in 
ACD impedes some degree of cell lysis under the conditions disclosed in 
Yen-Lieberman. 
Yen-Lieberman mentions ACD in only a single sentence, which reads 
as follows (with the preceding and following sentences included for 
context): 
The AMPLICOR CMB Test (Roche Diagnostics Corporation, 
Indianapolis, IN) is commercially available for research use only. 
This test uses PCR nucleic acid amplification for qualitative 
detection of HCMV DNA in plasma separated from 
anticoagulated whole blood (EDTA or ACD anticoagulants). 
This test permits the simultaneous amplification of HCMV target 
DNA and HCMV internal control DNA. 
Ex. 1033, 107. We agree with Patent Owner that this passage does not 
expressly disclose that “ACD (or its dextrose component) is a membrane 
stabilizer, cell lysis inhibitor, or crosslinker that impedes cell lysis.” PO 
Resp. 40. Petitioner does not direct us to, and we do not find, any other 
passage in Yen-Lieberman that expressly supports that ACD impedes cell 
lysis. 
Having determined that Yen-Lieberman does not expressly disclose 
that ACD impedes cell lysis, we next consider whether the glucose 
component of Yen-Lieberman’s ACD would inherently have that effect. As 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
47 
Dr. Van Ness explains, Yen-Lieberman provides no information on the 
conditions under which ACD is used: 
Yen-Lieberman provides no details that would inform a POSA 
of the use and function of the dextrose component of ACD or 
how the purported claimed agent impedes cell lysis in the 
sample. Yen-Lieberman does not convey the type of ACD tubes, 
the concentration of dextrose in the ACD tubes, the volume of 
the blood collected, the temperature at which the sample was 
processed, any buffer added to the sample, or information on any 
other factors that would impact the effects of dextrose in the 
sample. 
Ex. 2239 ¶ 157. We agree with Dr. Van Ness. 
As discussed supra § II.E.2, the conditions under which glucose is 
present with cells can affect whether the glucose acts to impede cell lysis. 
Absent such information, we lack an evidentiary basis to conclude, for 
example, that sample processing took place at a temperature and over a time 
period sufficient for the nutrient provision and tonicity maintaining 
properties of glucose to have a lysis-impeding effect. See supra § II.E.2. In 
short, there is insufficient evidence to conclude that glucose necessarily 
impedes cell lysis under the conditions present in Yen-Lieberman. 
Petitioner does not address the conditions under which ACD is used in 
Yen-Lieberman. See generally, Pet. 37–38 (addressing the “agent” 
limitation without addressing conditions in Yen-Lieberman); Pet. Reply 11 
(same). Instead, Petitioner argues that Yen-Lieberman’s ACD meets the 
claimed “agent” limitation “[f]or the same reasons explained in Section 
X.A.1 above with respect to Landes.” Pet. 38; see also, Pet. Reply 11 (“For 
the same reasons explained in Section II.A above with respect to Landes, 
Yen-Lieberman discusses a method using glucose, which is an agent that 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
48 
impedes cell lysis according to the claims”). For the reasons discussed 
supra § II.E.2, these reasons are insufficient for Petitioner to carry its burden 
with respect to the “agent” limitation. 
Accordingly, we find Petitioner has not established by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Yen-Lieberman discloses “an agent that 
impedes cell lysis, if cells are present” as recited in independent claim 1, and 
the claims depending therefrom. Thus, we find that Petitioner has not 
established that claims 1, 3–6, and 24 are unpatentable as anticipated by 
Yen-Lieberman. 
 Ground 4: Obviousness over Yen-Lieberman and Gocke 
Petitioner asserts that claims 7–9, 21, and 25–30 would have been 
obvious over Yen-Lieberman and Gocke. Pet. 41–51. The art is 
summarized above. Claims 7–9, 21, and 25–30 ultimately depend from 
claim 1. For the reasons explained above with respect to Ground 3, 
Petitioner has not established by a preponderance of the evidence that Yen-
Lieberman discloses the “agent” limitation of claim 1. As Petitioner’s 
Ground 4 relies on Petitioner prevailing on Ground 3 and the threshold 
showing for claim 1, Ground 4 also fails here. 
 Ground 5: Obviousness over Yen-Lieberman, Gocke, and 
Marx 
Petitioner asserts that claim 22 would have been obvious over Yen-
Lieberman, Gocke, and Marx. Pet. 51–53. The art is summarized above. 
Claim 22 ultimately depends from claim 1. Petitioner relies on the dextrose 
in Yen-Lieberman’s ACD for satisfying the “agent” limitation incorporated 
in claim 22 by virtue of its dependence on claim 1. Id. For the reasons 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
49 
explained above with respect to Ground 3, Petitioner has not established by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Yen-Lieberman discloses the “agent” 
limitation of claim 1. As Petitioner’s Ground 5 relies on Petitioner 
prevailing on Ground 3 and the threshold showing for claim 1, Ground 5 
also fails here. 
III. 
MOTIONS FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER AND TO SEAL 
Patent Owner moves for entry of a stipulated protective order and for 
an order sealing portions of the Patent Owner Response (Paper 19), all of 
Exhibits 2170–2173, and portions of Exhibit 2080. See Paper 21 (attaching 
stipulated protective order as Appendix A). That motion is unopposed. 
A party may move to seal confidential information including, inter 
alia, sensitive commercial information. Consolidated Patent Office Trial 
Practice Guide, 19 (Nov. 2019); 37 C.F.R. § 42.54. It is the movant’s 
burden to show good cause for sealing such information, and we balance the 
party’s asserted need for confidentiality with the strong public interest in 
open proceedings. Argentum Pharms. LLC v. Alcon Research, Ltd., 
IPR2017-01053, Paper 27 at 4 (PTAB Jan. 19, 2018) (informative). 
Patent Owner provides a sufficient explanation for sealing the relevant 
portions of the Patent Owner Response and the identified exhibits. 
Exhibits 2170–2173 are license or settlement agreements between Patent 
Owner and third parties setting forth, for example, payment terms and sales 
data. Patent Owner states that it produced those agreements with the 
permission of third parties on the condition that the agreements remain 
sealed. Paper 21, 3–4. The subject portions of the Patent Owner Response 
and Exhibit 2080 include discussions about those agreements. Patent Owner 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
50 
has also provided public redacted versions of Exhibit 2080 and the Patent 
Owner Response (Paper 20) so the record may remain clear and reasonably 
open. 
Patent Owner has established good cause for sealing Exhibits 2170–
2173, portions of Ex. 2080, and the Patent Owner Response. The stipulated 
Protective Order includes minor changes from our default language. That 
Protective Order, Appendix A to Paper 21, is entered. 
Petitioner also filed a Motion to Seal (Paper 28). Petitioner contends 
that portions of its Reply (Paper 29) and portions of Exhibit 1066 
(deposition transcript of Paul K. Meyer) should be sealed because those 
papers include information that Patent Owner considers contain confidential 
business information (e.g., licensing practices). Paper 28, 1. Petitioner has 
also filed public redacted versions of the Petitioner Reply (Paper 30) and 
Exhibit 1066. We find that, Petitioner has shown good cause for granting its 
motion. Petitioner’s Reply (Paper 29) and Exhibit 1066 are sealed. 
IV. 
CONCLUSION 
On this record, Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that any of the challenged claims are unpatentable based on 
grounds advanced in the Petition. 
In Summary: 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 3–8, 
21, 24 
102(a), 
(e) 
Landes 
 
1, 3–8, 21, 24 
22 
103(a) 
Landes, Marx 
 
22 
1, 3–6, 
102(b) 
Yen-Lieberman 
 
1, 3–6, 24 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
51 
 
V. 
ORDER 
 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that the Petitioner has not proved by a preponderance of 
the evidence that claims 1, 3–9, 21, 22, and 24–30 are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion for Entry of 
Stipulated Protective Order (Appendix A to Paper 20) and to Seal is granted; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Seal (Paper 28) is 
granted; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
 
Naveen Modi 
Eric Dittmann 
Daniel Zeilberger 
Max Yusem 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
ericdittmann@paulhastings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
24 
7–9, 21, 
25–30 
103(a) 
Yen-Lieberman, 
Gocke 
 
7–9, 21, 25–
30 
22 
103(a) 
Yen-Lieberman, 
Gocke, Marx 
 
22 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1, 3–9, 21, 22, 
24–30 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2021-01271 
Patent 7,727,720 B2 
52 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Gabrielle Higgins 
Brian Matty 
Theodoros Konstantakopoulos 
DESMARAIS LLP 
ghiggins@desmaraisllp.com 
bmatty@desmaraisllp.com 
tkonstantakopoulos@desmaraisllp.com