--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 38 
571-272-7822 
Dated: March 23, 2026 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
PREOMICS GMBH AND BIOGNOSYS AG., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE BRIGHAM AND WOMEN’S HOSPITAL, INC., 
Patent Owner 
 
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
 
 
Before JEFFREY N. FREDMAN, MICHAEL A. VALEK, and 
JAMIE T. WISZ, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
VALEK, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining Some Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
PreOmics GmbH and Biognosys AG (collectively “Petitioner”) filed a 
Petition (Paper 1, “Pet.”), seeking inter partes review of claims 1–4, 6, 7, 17, 
and 22–25 of U.S. Patent No. 11,435,360 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’360 patent”). 
We instituted review. Paper 11, 26 (“Dec.”). 
The Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Inc., (“Patent Owner”) filed a 
Response to the Petition (Paper 18, “Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 
27, “Reply”) and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 33, “Sur-reply”). We 
heard argument on January 15, 2026, and a transcript is of record. Paper 36 
(“Tr.”). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and evidence, we find that 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 4, 6, 
17, 22, and 25 are unpatentable as anticipated by and obvious over Cai.1 
However, Petitioner has not met its burden for its grounds based on Hu2 and 
Zaccaria,3 and the additional claims challenged in those grounds. Our 
reasoning is explained below. 
 
1 Cai et al., “Characterization of Carbon Nanotube Protein Corona by Using 
Quantitative Proteomics,” Nanomedicine: Nanotechnology, Biology and 
Medicine 9 (2013) 583–593, including supplementary data (Ex. 1005) 
(“Cai”). 
2 Hu et al., “Nanoparticle Size Matters in the Formation of Plasma Protein 
Coronas on Fe3O4 Nanoparticles,” Colloids and Surfaces B: Biointerfaces 
121 (2014) 354–361, including supporting information (Ex. 1008) (“Hu”). 
3 Zaccaria et al., “Accessing to the Minor Proteome of Red Blood Cells 
Through the Influence of the Nanoparticle Surface Properties on the Corona 
Composition,” International Journal of Nanomedicine 10 (2015) 1869–
1883, including supplementary data (Ex. 1007) (“Zaccaria”). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
3 
II. 
BACKGROUND 
A. Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself as real parties-in-interest. Pet. 1. Patent 
Owner identifies The Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Inc. and Seer, Inc., 
respectively the owner and exclusive licensee of the ’360 patent, as real 
parties-in-interest. Paper 29, 1. 
B. Related Matters 
The parties do not identify any other matters involving the ’360 
patent. Pet. 1; Paper 29, 1. 
C. The ’360 Patent 
The ’360 patent issued on September 6, 2022, and claims priority to a 
series of applications, the earliest of which was filed on December 16, 2016. 
Ex. 1001, codes (45), (60). 
The ’360 patent discloses “sensor arrays for detecting biomolecules 
and methods of use.” Ex. 1001, code (57). This method involves contacting 
a biological sample with a plurality of particles with different particle types, 
allowing biomolecules from the biological sample to bind and form 
“coronas” around them, where the coronas differ based on particle type and 
may comprise overlapping and distinct proteins. See id. at 86:52–87:3. A 
“biomolecule corona” forms when a particle is covered with a layer of 
different biomolecules, including proteins. Id. at 15:7–22. According to the 
’360 patent, its “sensor array is able to detect changes in the compositions of 
the biomolecule corona,” which “allows for determining a unique 
biomolecule fingerprint” that can “stratify different health and disease states 
of subjects.” Id. at 14:49–58. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
4 
Figure 65 of the ’360 patent is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 65 above is a “[s]chematic diagram of a method of distinguishing 
states of a complex biological sample.” Ex. 1001, 14:25–26. In the first step 
of the diagramed method, biological sample 704 is collected from a subject 
702 expressing a biological state 703 (e.g., a disease state). The plasma 706 
is then separated from the blood cells 708 of subjects expressing a biological 
state 703 in step 2. Id. at 21:14–29. In step 3, plasma 706 is incubated with 
sensor array 710 that includes a plurality of particles 712 with different 
properties to allow biomolecules (e.g., proteins) in the plasma to bind to the 
particles. Id. at 21:30–36. Next in step 4, biomolecules bound to the particles 
are isolated in a protein solution 714 to be analyzed “to determine the 
compositions of the proteins bound to each type of particle 712.” Id. at 
21:36–42. In Figure 65, for example, the protein solution is characterized by 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
5 
“liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) 716” (step 
5) and the proteins identified by that analysis are used to determine a 
biomolecule fingerprint 718 (step 6). Id. at 21:43–50. 
 
According to the ’360 patent, “[t]he present sensor array has a 
sensitivity and dynamic range of ten (10) orders of magnitude in terms of 
protein detection using mass-spectroscopy approaches,” which is a “greater 
dynamic range than current assays” using mass spectrometry that “only 
ha[ve] a dynamic range 4-6 order[s] of magnitude.” Ex. 1001, 20:20–29. 
D. Challenged Claims 
Independent claim 1 is reproduced below. 
1. A method for assaying a biological sample, comprising: 
(a) contacting the biological sample with a plurality of 
particles comprising different particle types to permit 
biomolecules of the biological sample to bind to the plurality of 
particles and form coronas around the plurality of particles, 
wherein the coronas corresponding to the different particle 
types (i) differ based on p article type, and (ii) comprise 
overlapping and distinct proteins; 
(b) separating at least a subset of the plurality of particles 
comprising the coronas from the biological sample by removing 
the subset of the plurality of particles thereby producing a 
subset of proteins from the biological sample 
 
(c) assaying the subset of proteins of (b) with an 
instrument to detect, in the subset, proteins in the biological 
sample at concentrations across a dynamic range comprising at 
least 6 orders of magnitude, thereby assaying the biological 
sample. 
Ex. 1001, 86:51–87:3. As shown above, claim 1 has three steps: 
“contacting” (step 1(a) or limitation 1(a)), “separating” (step 1(b) or 
limitation 1(b)), and “assaying” (step 1(c) or limitation 1(c)). Id. Claims 2–4, 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
6 
6, 7, 17, and 22–25 depend from and thus incorporate the limitations of 
claim 1. 
E. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
The Petition raises four grounds of unpatentability. Pet. 3. 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §4 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–4, 6, 7, 17, 22–25 
103 
Hu 
1, 4, 6, 17, 22, 25 
102 
Cai 
1, 4, 6, 17, 22, 25 
103 
Cai 
1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 17, 22, 
23, 25 
103 
Zaccaria 
 
In addition to other evidence, Petitioner offers the declaration of Dr. Jessica 
Vargas (Ex. 1003) in support of these grounds. Patent Owner relies on the 
declaration of Dr. Michael J. Cima (Ex. 2023). 
 
Each of Petitioner’s grounds rely on one of three references: Hu, Cai, 
or Zaccaria. We begin our analysis with the two grounds based on Cai 
before turning to the ground based on Hu, and finally the ground based on 
Zaccaria. 
III. 
ANALYSIS OF PETITIONER’S GROUNDS 
A. Legal Standard 
To establish anticipation, each and every element in a claim, arranged 
as recited in the claim, must be found in a single prior art reference. Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008); 
 
4 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 
(2011) (“AIA”), included revisions to 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 that became 
effective prior to the filing of the application that led to the ’360 patent. 
Therefore, we apply the AIA versions of 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
7 
Karsten Mfg. Corp. v. Cleveland Golf Co., 242 F.3d 1376, 1383 (Fed. 
Cir. 2001). While the elements must be arranged or combined in the same 
way as in the claim, “the reference need not satisfy an ipsissimis verbis test,” 
i.e., identity of terminology is not required. In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 
1334 (Fed. Cir. 2009); In re Bond, 910 F.2d 831, 832 (Fed. Cir. 1990). 
Thus, the dispositive question “is whether one skilled in the art would 
reasonably understand or infer from a prior art reference that every claim 
element is disclosed in that reference.” Eli Lilly and Company v. Los 
Angeles Biomedical Research Inst. at Harbor–UCLA Med. Ctr., 849 F.3d 
1073, 1074–75 (Fed. Cir. 2017). Still further, “it is proper to take into 
account not only specific teachings of the reference but also the inferences 
which one skilled in the art would reasonably be expected to draw 
therefrom.” In re Preda, 401 F.2d 825, 826 (CCPA 1968). 
A claim is unpatentable for obviousness if, to one of ordinary skill in 
the pertinent art, “the differences between the subject matter sought to be 
patented and the prior art are such that the subject matter as a whole would 
have been obvious at the time the invention was made to a person having 
ordinary skill in the art to which said subject matter pertains.” 35 U.S.C. 
§ 103(a); see also KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). 
The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying factual 
determinations including (1) the scope and content of the prior art; (2) any 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level 
of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) when in evidence, objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
8 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Factors pertinent to determining the level of ordinary skill in the art 
include the type of problems encountered in the art, prior art solutions to 
those problems, as well as the education level of the inventors and active 
workers in the field. Daiichi Sankyo Co. v. Apotex, Inc., 501 F.3d 1254, 
1256 (Fed. Cir. 2007). The disclosure in the prior art may also reflect an 
appropriate skill level. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. 
Cir. 2001). 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) 
“would have had at least a bachelor’s degree in chemistry, biochemistry, 
bioengineering, or a related field, and three years’ experience in the field of 
proteomics, protein analysis, or mass spectroscopy.” Pet. 11 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 24–27). Petitioner further contends, “[t]his description is approximate – a 
higher education or skill level might make up for less experience, and vice 
versa. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 26). According to Petitioner, its declarant Dr. 
Vargas, “was at least a POSA as of the ’360 Patent’s earliest possible 
priority date, December 16, 2016.” Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 5–10, 27; 
Ex. 1004, 1–3). 
In the Decision on institution, we found “Petitioner’s description of 
the level of ordinary skill in the art to be sufficient.” Dec. 8. We noted that 
the record “supports that a POSA would have an understanding of both 
proteins and the analytical techniques, e.g., mass spectrometry, that can be 
used to characterize them.” Id. at 9. We also explained that we understood 
Petitioner’s definition “to encompass these elements” because it requires “a 
formal degree in chemistry[], which itself entails some knowledge of 
proteins and related analytical techniques, along with several years’ 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
9 
additional experience in proteomics, protein analysis, or mass spectrometry.” 
Id. We also rejected the arguments offered in Patent Owner’s Preliminary 
Response, suggesting that Dr. Vargas was not qualified because she 
allegedly lacked experience applying mass spectrometry specifically for 
protein analysis. See id. at 9–10. 
Patent Owner does not directly continue those arguments in its 
Response, but asserts the “petition challenge is improperly constructed from 
the perspective of a hypothetical person” who could lack sufficient formal 
training (i.e., only a bachelor’s as opposed to a graduate degree) and 
experience only in mass spectrometry with no understanding of proteomics. 
See Resp. 65–66. 
We disagree with Patent Owner and again find Petitioner’s description 
of the level of ordinary skill in the art sufficient for the reasons explained in 
the Decision on institution. See Dec. 8–10. As explained before, the formal 
training required by Petitioner’s description of a POSA includes 
understanding of both proteins and analytical techniques for studying them. 
See Dec. 9. Neither Patent Owner, nor its declarant, Dr. Cimas, clearly 
articulates a competing POSA description at trial, but both suggest more 
formal training, e.g., a graduate degree, is required. See Resp. 65–66; Ex. 
2023 ¶ 8 (agreeing with our observation that the educational backgrounds of 
the inventors and authors of Cai, Zaccaria, and Hu “suggests that a graduate 
degree is more typical for a POSA”) (quoting Dec. 9, n. 5). Even if we were 
to accept that modification, it would not change our findings herein. Nor 
does it suggest that Dr. Vargas, who holds a Ph.D. in chemistry from 
Stanford University and has substantial experience with mass spectrometry 
and other analytical techniques, is unqualified to testify from the perspective 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
10 
of one of ordinary skill in the art. See Ex. 1004 (Vargas CV). Accordingly, 
our findings and conclusions would be the same, even assuming the 
perspective of a POSA possessing the higher level of formal training and 
specific proteomics experience that Patent Owner suggests is appropriate 
here.5 
C. Claim Construction 
 
In an inter partes review, claim terms “shall be construed using the 
same claim construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in 
a civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b), including construing the claim in 
accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such claim as 
understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution history 
pertaining to the patent.” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). 
 
The Petition states “that no express construction of terms is 
necessary.” Pet. 15. At the institution stage, we agreed that no formal claim 
construction was necessary, but noted our concerns “regarding the parties’ 
apparent interpretation of the claim language, or in some instances Patent 
Owner’s attempt to read-in unrecited limitations.” Dec. 11. 
 
At trial, Patent Owner identifies two terms in claim 1 for express 
construction: (1) “a biological sample,” and (2) “a subset of the plurality of 
particles comprising the coronas.” Resp. 13–20. We address the parties’ 
arguments concerning the construction of these terms below. To the extent 
 
5 If anything, the higher level of ordinary skill in the art that Patent Owner 
advocates would strengthen Petitioner’s arguments that the challenged 
claims are anticipated by or obvious over the asserted prior art. See Kinetic 
Concepts, Inc. v. Smith & Nephew, Inc., 688 F.3d 1342, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 
2012) (“[I]t is generally easier to establish obviousness under a higher level 
of ordinary skill in the art.”). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
11 
the parties’ other arguments raise additional questions of claim 
interpretation, we address those arguments in the context in which they were 
raised later in our analysis of Petitioner’s grounds.6 
i. 
“a biological sample” 
Patent Owner contends that the term “sample” is expressly defined in 
the Specification as “a biological sample or a complex biological sample 
obtained from a subject.” Resp. 14 (citing Ex. 1001, 20:33–45). “Thus,” 
urges Patent Owner, “the claimed ‘biological sample’ is limited by definition 
to what is obtained from an individual subject or patient.” Id. According to 
Patent Owner, this construction would exclude the HeLa cell7 lysate assayed 
in Cai as well as the pooled plasma and red blood cell (RBC) samples 
assayed in Hu and Zaccaria. Id. 
Petitioner replies, urging that the definition Patent Owner relies upon 
is for a different term (“sample”) and that in the next sentence the 
Specification “explains what the term ‘biological sample’ . . . means in the 
context of the patent stating” that it specifically includes both cell lysates 
and blood/plasma samples. Reply 1–2. Petitioner characterizes Patent 
Owner’s attempt to exclude the particular samples assayed in Cai, Hu, and 
Zaccaria as “injecting two artificially narrow, negative limitations in the 
definition,” i.e., that a lysate taken from an immortalized cell line grown in a 
 
6 For example, some of Patent Owner’s arguments disputing Petitioner’s 
showing for step 1(c) present implicit issues of claim interpretation. 
7 HeLa cells are an “immortal cell line” commonly used in scientific 
research. Ex. 1037, 71 (Abstr.); Ex. 1038, 2. This cell line is derived from 
cervical cancer cells originally taken from “Henrietta Lacks, a patient who 
died of her cancer” in 1951. Id. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
12 
laboratory (Cai) and samples pooled from different donors (Hu/Zaccaria) are 
not obtained from “a subject.” Id. at 3–4. 
We agree with Petitioner. Both parties refer to the same passage in the 
Specification to support their competing interpretations, it states: 
The term ‘sample’ refers to a biological sample or a complex 
biological sample obtained from a subject. Suitable biological 
samples include, but are not limited to, biological fluids, 
including but not limited to, systemic blood, plasma, serum, 
lung lavage, cell lysates, menstrual blood, urine, processed 
tissue samples, amniotic fluid, cerebrospinal fluid, tears, saliva, 
semen and the like. 
Ex. 1001, 20:33–39. As Petitioner points out, the first sentence in this 
passage does not define the term “biological sample,” but rather the term 
“sample.” Id. According to that sentence, the term “sample” refers to either 
“a biological sample or a complex biological sample obtained from a 
subject.” Id. (emphasis added). Patent Owner’s argument assumes, without 
explanation, that the phrase “obtained from a subject” modifies both 
instances of “biological sample” in the first sentence. Id. But it need not be 
read that way. Indeed, that sentence is more naturally read to define 
“sample” as one of two things––either a “biological sample” or a “complex 
biological sample” with only the latter being “obtained from a subject.” Id. 
 
In addition, the second sentence in the passage above supports 
Petitioner’s view that the term “biological sample” is not limited to a sample 
obtained directly from a subject. It provides a broad, non-exhaustive list of 
“[s]uitable biological samples” that specifically includes the types of 
biological samples, i.e., “cell lysates,” “systemic blood,” “plasma,” assayed 
in Petitioner’s cited references. Ex. 1001, 20:36–39. It also lists as an 
example “processed tissue samples,” which would include samples that have 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
13 
been modified (i.e., “processed”) from the form in which they were 
originally obtained. Id.; see also Ex. 1001, 20:52–57 (describing tissue 
processing). Given this broad description, we agree with Petitioner that there 
is no basis in the cited intrinsic evidence for reading in the “negative 
limitations” Patent Owner seeks to try to distinguish the particular biological 
samples assayed in Cai, Hu, and Zaccaria. See Reply 3–4. 
 
For these reasons, we do not adopt Patent Owner’s proposed 
construction requiring the recited “biological sample” to be one directly 
“obtained from a subject” such that it would exclude either the HeLa cell 
lysate in Cai or the pooled samples from multiple subjects in Hu and 
Zaccaria. 
ii. 
“a subset of the plurality of particles comprising the coronas” 
This phrase appears in step 1(b), which recites “separating at least a 
subset of the plurality of particles comprising the coronas” formed in step 
1(a). Ex. 1001, 86:52–65. As recited in step 1(a), those coronas are formed 
by contacting the biological sample with “a plurality of particles comprising 
different particle types . . . wherein the coronas corresponding to the 
different particle types (i) differ based on particle type, and (ii) comprise 
overlapping and distinct proteins.” Id. 
At the institution stage, we observed that there was nothing in the 
language of claim 1 requiring that all of the contacting in step (a) or the 
separating in step 1(b) to “occur in the same reaction vessel or at precisely 
the same time.” Dec. 21–22. We also observed that step 1(b) “does not 
require that all of the protein coronas formed in limitation 1(a) be 
separated,” because the claim language recites separating just a “subset” of 
the particles comprising those coronas and “[g]iven its ordinary meaning, 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
14 
this language suggests limitation 1(b) could be met by separating particles 
from only one of the different particle types in limitation 1(a).” Id. at 22. 
At trial, Patent Owner urges that the “subset” of particles separated in 
step 1(b) must comprise coronas from each of the different particle types in 
step 1(a). See Resp. 15–20. That is, Patent Owner argues: 
The plain and ordinary language of the claims . . . requires a 
subset (singular) of the plurality of particles comprising the 
coronas (plural). The definition for the term “the coronas” is 
found unambiguously in step 1(a), which requires that “the 
coronas” correspond “to different particle types” and “differ 
based on particle type” and “comprise overlapping and distinct 
proteins.” Ex. 1001, 86:52-87:3. Accordingly, step 1(b) is not 
satisfied where the corona on the identified subset of particles 
does not differ based on particle type (i.e., where the subset of 
particles consists of only one particle type). Here, where the 
claim recites separating at least a subset (singular) of the 
plurality of particles comprising “the coronas” (plural), the 
plain language of the claim requires a single subset of particles 
that comprises “the coronas,” as recited in the claims. 
Id. at 15. Thus, while acknowledging that “limitation 1(b) does not require 
separating literally every single one of the particles” in step 1(a), Patent 
Owner contends the subset in step 1(b) must “comprise coronas (plural) 
defined in the claims as differing on particle type and comprising 
overlapping and distinct proteins.” Id. at 17 (internal quotations omitted). 
 
Petitioner replies, urging that our prior observation that the plain and 
ordinary meaning of step 1(b) would encompass separating a subset of 
particles of just one of the different particle types in step 1(a) is correct. See 
Reply 9–12 (urging that “the Board already expressly rejected Patent 
Owner’s attempt to read limitations” into step 1(b) “and the result should be 
no different” now). Petitioner characterizes Patent Owner’s claim 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
15 
construction argument as an attempt to import a “negative limitation,” i.e., 
that “the claimed subset excludes subsets that contain only one particle 
type,” that “fails as a matter of plain English and lacks specification 
support.” Id. at 9. 
 
We agree with Petitioner. Step 1(a) recites forming coronas around a 
plurality of particles of “different particle types.” Ex. 1001, 86:53–60. Step 
1(b) recites separating a “subset of the plurality of the particles comprising 
the coronas.” Id. at 86:61–65. As Petitioner correctly observes, as a matter of 
ordinary English parlance, “there is no requirement whatsoever that the 
‘subset’ have all of the same characteristics as the set from which it is 
separated.” Reply 10. By way of analogy, consider a jar containing a 
plurality of coins of different coin types, e.g., nickels and dimes. One can 
separate out a “subset” of that plurality of coins (plural) by removing any 
two coins from the jar—this is true even if the two coins are both nickels or 
both dimes. In the same way, nothing in the ordinary meaning of the claim 
language requires the subset in step 1(b) to include particles with coronas 
representative of each of the different particle types in step 1(a). Nor has 
Patent Owner identified any other evidence that supports its attempt to read 
such a requirement into the claims. See Resp. 16, 18 (citing expert testimony 
that is not inconsistent with the broader, ordinary meaning of the claim 
language and, even if it was, would not be a proper basis for limiting the 
same). 
 
For these reasons, we reject Patent Owner’s interpretation of “a subset 
of the plurality of particles comprising the coronas” in step 1(b) as limited to 
a subset of each type of particle comprising the coronas formed in step 1(a). 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
16 
D. Asserted References 
i. 
Cai 
Cai is a journal article bearing a September 2012 publication date. 
Ex. 1005, 1; see also Ex. 1012 ¶¶ 26–33 (supporting qualification as prior 
art). It is undisputed that Cai, including the supplementary data in Exhibit 
1005, is prior art to the challenged claims. 
According to Cai, “[t]he protein corona of a nanomaterial is a 
complex layer of proteins spontaneously and stably formed when the 
material is exposed to body fluids or intracellular environments.” Ex. 1005, 
Abstr. Cai describes a study “utili[zing] stable isotope labeling by amino 
acids in cell culture (SILAC)-based quantitative proteomics to characterise 
the binding of human cellular proteins to two forms of carbon nanoparticles: 
namely multi-walled carbon nanotubes (MWCNTs) and carbon black (CB).” 
Id. 
In Cai’s study, HeLa cell lysates were incubated with CB or carbon 
nanotubes (CNTs), and in some instances with “CNTs of different sizes.” 
Ex. 1005, 584. The proteins bound to those particles were then eluted for 
further analysis. Id. Figure 1 of Cai, reproduced below, illustrates this 
process. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
17 
 
Ex. 1005, 586. Figure 1A (top left above) schematically shows the 
incubation of a cell lysate with carbon nanotubes or carbon black, followed 
by elution of the proteins that bind to the particles. Id. at 585. Figure 1B 
(bottom left) shows separation of the bound proteins by SDS-PAGE8 in a 
“CNT-pulldown” and “CB-pulldown.” Id. at 586. The figure also shows 
TEM [transmission electron microscopy] images of the carbon nanotubes 
(C) and carbon black (D) on the right. Id. 
Cai describes further testing “to compare the types of proteins that 
bound to . . . MWCNT with those that bound to CB.” Ex. 1005, 586. “Cell 
lysates were prepared from three populations of HeLa cells that had been 
 
8 “Sodium Dodecyl Sulfate-Polacrylamide Gel-Electorphoresis (SDS-
PAGE)” is a technique “widely used for protein separation.” Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 34, 
179. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
18 
metabolically encoded using three different SILAC media (‘light’, ‘medium’ 
and ‘heavy’, Figure 3, A and Methods).” Id. Figure 3A of Cai, reproduced 
below, illustrates this process. 
 
Id. Figure 3A above schematically shows a “CNT pull-down . . . performed 
on the ‘medium’ lysate, and a CB pull-down . . . performed on the ‘heavy’ 
lysate.” Id. “Equal volumes of the proteins eluted from these pull-down 
experiments were mixed” and “spiked with an equal amount of 
unfractionated ‘light’ lysate.” Id.; see also id. at 584 (referring to the light-
labeled lysate as a “control”). “The mixtures were then separated by SDS-
PAGE, and analyzed with the ‘gel-LC-MS/MS’ approach,” i.e., liquid 
chromatography (LC) and mass spectrometry (MS). Id. at 586–587. The 
obtained spectra where then “quantified by the MSQuant programme” to 
identify unique peptides and “[t]he abundance distribution of each identified 
peptide among the ‘light’, ‘medium’ and ‘heavy’ categories.” Id. at 587. 
Cai discloses the “empirical peptide abundance index (emPAI),” 
which it describes as “a semi-quantitative indication of the overall 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
19 
abundance of protein in the mixture,” for each protein detected in this assay. 
Ex. 1005, 587 (citing Ishihama9); see also Ex. 1005, 12–17 (Supplementary 
Table 2 reporting emPAI values). Cai discloses that “[t]he relative 
abundance of the MWCNT-binding proteins” identified through this analysis 
“spread over 8 orders of magnitude.” Ex. 1005, 587. Cai further discloses 
that “while a small number of CB-binding proteins also bind to MWCNTs 
. . . most of the proteins with high CB-binding efficiencies bind to 
MWCNTs only marginally or not at all,” which indicates that these 
nanoparticles have both different protein binding capacities and different 
protein binding specificities. Id. According to Cai, this demonstrates “that 
CNTs are able to selectively enrich some specific proteins from protein 
mixtures.” Id. at 592. 
ii. 
Hu 
Hu is a journal article bearing a June 2014 publication date. Ex. 1008, 
354; see also Ex. 1012 ¶¶ 16–25 (supporting qualification as prior art). It is 
undisputed that Hu, including the supporting information in Exhibit 1008, is 
prior art to the challenged claims. 
Hu describes a study investigating “whether nanoparticle size affects 
the formation of protein coronas around Fe3O4 [nanoparticles].” Ex. 1008, 
Abstr. In Hu’s study, Fe3O4 nanoparticles (NPs) of varying sizes were mixed 
with human plasma to form nanoparticle-protein complexes that “were 
collected by a magnet and washed at least 3 times to remove the loosely 
 
9 Ishihama et. al., “Exponentially Modified Protein Abundance Index 
(emPAI) for Estimation of Absolute Protein Amount in Proteomics by the 
Number of Sequenced Peptides per Protein,” Molecular & Cellular 
Proteomics 4.9 (2005) 1265–1272 (Ex. 1018) (“Ishihama”). 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
20 
bound and unbound proteins.” Id. at 355. The complexes were then 
resuspended and divided into two parts, wherein one part was purified by 
SDS-PAGE “to illustrate the binding patterns of the plasma proteins on the 
Fe3O4 NPs.” Id. “The other portion was analyzed” with a “nanoparticle 
digestion shotgun proteomics method,” involving digestion with trypsin 
followed by analysis of “[t]he digested peptides from the human plasma 
protein corona” using LC-MS/MS. Id. A software program was then used to 
compare the MS/MS spectral data with a database to identify and quantify 
unique proteins. Id. at 356. 
According to Hu, the results from these experiments show that 
“particle size does play an important role in the formation of plasma protein 
coronas on Fe3O4 NPs,” affecting both protein composition and abundance. 
Ex. 1008, Abstr.; see also id. at 359, Fig.4 (Venn diagram identifying 
overlap and non-overlap of proteins bound by different sizes of Fe3O4 NPs). 
iii. 
Zaccaria 
Zaccaria is a journal article bearing a March 2015 publication date. 
Ex. 1007, 1869; see also Ex. 1012 ¶¶ 12–15 (supporting qualification as 
prior art). It is undisputed that Zaccaria, including the supporting 
information in Exhibit 1007, is prior art to the challenged claims. 
Zaccaria describes a study of protein coronas formed on “three 
[different] kinds of superparamagnetic NPs.” Ex. 1007, Abstr. In Zaccaria’s 
study, “each kind of NPs were individually incubated” with a red blood cell 
(RBC) lysate prepared from human blood samples. Id. at 1871. “Then, NPs 
were attracted to one side of the vial by an external magnet, and supernatant 
was removed.” Id. Bound proteins were then purified by SDS Page and 
analyzed using mass spectrometry (i.e., nano-LC-MS/MS) to identify and 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
21 
quantify the proteins in the coronas of each of the three different kinds of 
NPs. Id. at 1871, 1873–1874. Zaccaria reports that the different types of NPs 
bound different proteins. See, e.g., Id. at 1873, Fig. 2A–C. 
E. Anticipation by Cai 
Petitioner contends claims 1, 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25 are anticipated by 
Cai. See Pet. 46–61. Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s contentions, raising 
arguments against Petitioner’s showing for claim 1 that also apply to 
dependent claims 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25. Resp. 21–34. 
For the reasons explained below, we find that Petitioner has shown by 
a preponderance of the evidence that Cai anticipates these claims. We begin 
our analysis with claim 1. 
i. 
Claim 1 
Petitioner asserts that “Cai’s method of analyzing the protein lysate 
from HeLa cells using various CNTs alone or with CB discloses the claimed 
method.” Pet. 48 (internal quotations omitted). In particular, Petitioner relies 
on Cai’s experiments involving MWCNT and CB, which it maps to 
step 1(a)’s recitation of contacting a “plurality of particles comprising 
different particle types” with the biological sample to form coronas 
comprising “overlapping and distinct proteins.” See id. at 50–57 (citing 
evidence).10 According to Petitioner, after the lysate is incubated with the 
 
10 Petitioner presents this as an “alternative” argument to its separate reliance 
on Cai’s experiments involving different types of CNTs “alone constituting 
the claimed ‘plurality of particles comprising different particle types’” in 
limitation 1(a). Pet. 50. However, because Petitioner’s showing for the other 
claim limitations is largely focused on Cai’s disclosure as it relates to 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
22 
MWCNT or CB, Cai discloses that the proteins bound in the coronas are 
eluted to produce a subset of proteins that are then further analyzed by SDS-
PAGE. Id. at 57–58 (citing Ex. 1005, 585, Fig. 1A; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 223–224). 
Petitioner illustrates its position with an annotated version of Figure 1A of 
Cai, reproduced below. 
 
Petitioner’s annotated version of Figure 1A above includes an orange box 
around the incubation step on the far left, identifying the HeLa cell lysate 
(biological sample) that is incubated with the “CNT or CB” (plurality of 
particles) identified with a red box to form coronas of bound proteins. 
Petitioner annotates the “elute bound proteins” step on the far right with a 
purple box and a smaller green box around the proteins themselves, which it 
contends constitute a “subset of proteins” as recited in step 1(b). Id. at 57 
(quoting Ex. 1005, 585 (“The proteins bound stably to [the MWCNT and 
CB particles] were eluted after extensive washing and then analyzed by 
SDS-PAGE.”)). 
For step 1(c), Petitioner argues that Cai “discloses multiple methods 
of assaying the isolated protein coronas taken from the bound carbon 
nanoparticles, including gel electrophoresis, LC-MS/MS with SILAC 
 
MWCNT and CB (see Pet. 51–60), we view it as the stronger of Petitioner’s 
arguments and focus on it here. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
23 
encoding and Western Blotting.” Pet. 59. In particular, Petitioner relies on 
the results from the LC-MS/MS with SILAC encoding testing that Cai states 
show “[t]he relative abundance of the MWCNT-binding proteins spread over 
8 orders of magnitude.” Id. at 60 (quoting Ex. 1005, 587) (emphasis in 
original). According to Petitioner, this result demonstrates “that Cai’s MS 
analysis detected protein concentrations in the subset across a dynamic range 
comprising the claimed ‘at least 6 orders of magnitude,’ which is further 
confirmed by the concentrations [of proteins] detected in Cai.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 97, 229). 
We credit Petitioner’s showing above and agree that Cai discloses a 
method comprising all of the steps in claim 1. Beginning with step 1(a), Cai 
discloses contacting two different particle types, i.e., MWCNT and CB, with 
HeLa cell lysate (i.e., a biological sample) to form protein coronas around 
those particles. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 199–206; Ex. 1005, Abstr. (describing MWCNT 
and CB as distinct “forms of carbon nanoparticles” that bind “vastly 
different sets of proteins”). Cai’s results show the coronas formed around the 
MWCNT and CB particles comprise overlapping and distinct proteins as 
recited in step 1(a). Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 216–222; Ex. 1005, 587 (“a small number 
of CB-binding proteins also bind to MWCNTs”). A subset of the proteins 
from the coronas on these particles is then prepared by eluting the bound 
proteins and analyzing them with SDS-PAGE in a MWCNT and CB “pull-
down,” which reads on step 1(b). Ex. 1005, 586 (Fig. 1A–B depicting 
scheme for “pull-down experiment” and describing other “pull-down 
experiments” used with SILAC media in Fig. 3), 588 (Fig. 3). 
Regarding step 1(c), Cai discloses assaying the proteins in those 
subsets using LC-MS/MS with SILAC encoding to characterize and quantify 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
24 
the relative abundance of the proteins that bind to each type of particle.11 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 225–229; Ex. 1005, 586–587 (describing “systemic 
characterization of carbon nanoparticle-protein corona”), 588 (Fig. 3). Cai’s 
results show “the relative abundance of the MWCNT-binding proteins 
spread over 8 orders of magnitude” and that “some of the proteins with the 
highest binding efficiencies” are actually “low abundance proteins” in the 
lysate, meaning that that Cai’s method selectively enriches such proteins for 
detection. Ex. 1005, 587. We credit Dr. Vargas’s testimony that these results 
demonstrate that Cai’s method achieves the “dynamic range” recited in step 
1(c). Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 225–229. 
Patent Owner’s arguments to the contrary are unavailing. See Resp. 
21–34. We address each of these arguments in turn. 
Patent Owner’s first argument is that the HeLa cell lysate used in Cai 
is not a “biological sample,” as recited in claim 1, because those cells “are 
not obtained from an individual subject but are instead vendor-purchased 
immortalized cells from a cell line cultured in a lab.” Resp. 23. 
Patent Owner’s “biological sample” argument is unavailing for 
several reasons. First, Patent Owner’s argument is premised on its 
construction of “biological sample,” which we do not adopt for the reasons 
explained above. See supra § III.C.i. 
 
11 To the extent Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s showing is deficient 
because it relies on “piecemeal mapping of different aspects of the claim to 
different experiments in Cai,” we disagree. See Resp. 25. As we explained at 
institution, all of the experiments in Cai are part of the same proteomics 
study and an ordinarily skilled artisan would understand that the procedures 
used to form coronas and separate out a subset of proteins in Cai’s Figure 1 
are also used to prepare the pulldowns analyzed in Cai’s SILAC analysis. 
See Dec. 18–20 (analyzing disclosure). 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
25 
Second, even if we adopted Patent Owner’s construction, HeLa cells 
are a biological sample obtained from a subject––Henrietta Lacks. Ex. 1037, 
71 (“The line was derived from cervical cancer cells taken on February 8, 
1951 from Henrietta Lacks.”); Ex. 1038, 2 (same); see also Ex. 2026, 167 
(“HeLa cancer-cell line derived from Henrietta Lacks”). Patent Owner 
asserts that the HeLa cell line is “a laboratory engineered, immortalized cell 
line” that is “genetically distinct from whatever was derived from the 
original donor many decades ago.” Sur-reply 2. Even so, it is undisputed that 
this cell line originates from cells obtained from a subject (Mrs. Lacks). 
Ex. 1036, 57:4–11 (Dr. Cima acknowledging “all HeLa cells derive” from 
Henrietta Lacks). Patent Owner identifies no persuasive reason to exclude 
them from claim 1, particularly given that the broad description of 
“[s]uitable biological samples” in the Specification includes both “cell 
lysates” and “tissue samples” that have been “processed” after being taken 
from a subject. See Ex. 1001, 20:34–39. Accordingly, Cai’s method is 
performed on a “biological sample” even under the construction Patent 
Owner proposes for that term. 
Patent Owner next contends that Cai does not disclose separating a 
subset of proteins as recited in step 1(b). Resp. 28–32. According to Patent 
Owner, claim 1 “require[s] the separated particles [in step 1(b)] to have both 
(1) different particle types and (2) coronas corresponding to the different 
particle types comprising overlapping and distinct proteins.” Id. at 28–29. 
Patent Owner urges that Cai does not “disclose[] separating a subset of 
particles comprising coronas from more than one particle type” because, as 
shown in Figure 1A, “samples are incubated individually in parallel.” Id. at 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
26 
29–30 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 202; Ex. 1005, Fig. 1A; Ex. 2022, 104:1–17, 
106:22–107:1, 118:17–20, 119:19–120:9; Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 57–59). 
Patent Owner’s step 1(b) argument is unavailing for several reasons. 
First, this argument is premised on interpreting the phrase “a subset of the 
plurality of particles comprising the coronas” in step 1(b) in a manner that is 
contrary to its ordinary meaning. As explained above, that claim language 
does not require separating particles of each of the multiple types in step 1(a) 
and can be met by separating any subset of those particles, including a 
subset that comprises only one particle type. See supra § III.C.ii. According 
to Patent Owner, “the different particle types were always individually 
incubated in Cai’s pull-downs, and that every separation step created a 
subset of particles comprising a corona from only one particle type.” 
Resp. 30 (citing Ex. 2022, 104:1–17, 106:22–107:1, 118:17–20, 119:19–
120:9 (cross-examination of Dr. Vargas)). Even accepting that 
characterization, and putting aside the fact that Cai discloses these separation 
steps were performed in parallel on both particle types, the separation of just 
one type of particle, e.g., either MWCNT or CB individually, to produce a 
subset of proteins from that particle type’s coronas, still reads on step 1(b). 
Second, Cai discloses the separation of two different particle types 
comprising coronas with different sets of proteins to produce a subset of 
proteins from both particle types for subsequent assay. See Ex. 1005, 586–
587, Fig. 3A (describing preparation of CNT and CB pulldowns). The 
proteins from each of those pulldowns are then mixed, providing a subset of 
proteins for the subsequent assay. Id. The fact that Cai’s pulldowns are 
prepared separately by contacting each type of particle with HeLa cell 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
27 
lysate12 to form coronas and then eluting proteins bound in those coronas in 
distinct pulldowns does not distinguish the method of claim 1 because 
nothing in the claim requires that those steps be carried out in the same 
reaction vessel or at exactly the same time.13 
Patent Owner’s remaining arguments are all directed to the assaying 
recited in step 1(c). As explained above, Cai describes assaying the subset of 
proteins separated in its MWCNT and CB pulldowns using a 
gel-LC-MS/MS assay that detects the relative abundance (emPAI) of the 
MWCNT-binding proteins over a range of 8 orders of magnitude. Ex. 1005, 
587. Patent Owner argues this does not demonstrate the abundance of those 
 
12 In its Sur-reply, Patent Owner asserts that Cai’s “Fig. 3 experiment used 
three populations of HeLa cells, and never contacted a single biological 
sample with the asserted multiple particle types.” Sur-reply 7 (quotations 
omitted). This argument misreads Cai. The same HeLa cell line is lysed to 
provide the proteins for each pulldown in that experiment. The difference is 
that the “light,” “medium,” and “heavy” populations are “metabolically 
encoded” with “different SILAC media” so that the proteins bound by 
MWCNT particles can be distinguished from those bound by CB particles in 
the subsequent mass spectrometry analysis. Ex. 1005, 586. Contrary to 
Patent Owner’s suggestion, an ordinarily-skilled artisan would not 
understand this encoding to transform those lysates into distinct biological 
samples. If it did, it would undermine the stated purpose of Cai’s 
experiment, i.e., “identifying the proteins that selectively bind to MWCNTs” 
using “[a] complete protein lysate of HeLa cells . . . as an archetypal human 
proteome.” Ex. 1005, 586 (emphasis added), 591. 
13 As we noted in the institution decision, the fact that claim 13 expressly 
recites the performance of a step (i.e., assaying to detect proteins from the 
coronas of the different particle types) “at the same time” further supports 
that the steps of claim 1 carry no such requirement. See Dec. 25 (quoting 
Ex. 1001, 87:40–45); see also Interactive Gift Express, Inc. v. Compuserve 
Inc., 256 F.3d 1323, 1342 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (“Unless the steps of a method 
[claim] actually recite an order, the steps are not ordinarily construed to 
require one.”). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
28 
proteins in the biological sample, but rather their abundance in the 
pulled-down coronas, i.e., the alleged subset of proteins from step 1(b). 
Resp. 32–33; Sur-reply 4 (asserting “both parties’ experts agree (and Cai 
states explicitly), emPAI reflects an estimate of abundance in the pulled-
down corona” and thus “Cai’s emPAI range is, at best a range “in the 
subset,” not the range in the biological sample”). According to Patent 
Owner, “the claimed assaying step (element 1[c]) . . . requires detecting 
‘proteins in the biological sample at concentrations across a dynamic range 
comprising at least 6 orders of magnitude.” Sur-reply 1 (emphasis in 
original). 
Petitioner acknowledges that Cai’s stated 8 orders of magnitude range 
refers to measurements on the subset of proteins in Cai’s pulldowns, but 
asserts that is what step 1(c) requires. That is, Petitioner contends “the claim 
language expressly requires ‘assaying the subset of proteins of (b) with an 
instrument to detect, in the subset’ proteins in the sample at the required 
concentration range. Thus[,] the actions claimed in limitation 1(c) occur with 
respect to the subset, not the biological sample.” Reply 19; see also Tr. 8:7–
9:8 (explaining Petitioner’s position the dynamic range in step 1(c) refers to 
the concentrations of proteins in the subset of step 1(b)).14 
 
14 To the extent Patent Owner contends that Petitioner waived this argument, 
we disagree. See Ex. 2031, 9 (Patent Owner demonstrative). Petitioner 
presented exactly this interpretation of the claim language in the Petition. 
See Pet. 60 (“A POSA would have understood that the relative abundance of 
bound proteins ‘spread over 8 orders of magnitude’ shows that Cai’s MS 
analysis detected protein concentrations in the subset across a dynamic range 
comprising the claimed ‘at least 6 orders of magnitude’”) (first emphasis 
added)). 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
29 
These competing arguments therefore turn on a question of claim 
interpretation––does the “dynamic range” in step 1(c) refer to the 
concentration range in the subset of proteins of step 1(b), or instead, as 
Patent Owner contends, to the range in the original biological sample? 
We agree with Petitioner that the recited “dynamic range” refers to 
concentrations in the subset of step 1(b). Step 1(c) recites: “assaying the 
subset of proteins of (b) with an instrument to detect, in the subset, proteins 
in the biological sample at concentrations across a dynamic range 
comprising at least 6 orders of magnitude.” Ex. 1001, 86:66–87:3 (emphases 
added). Because the claim language specifically states that both the assaying 
and detecting are performed on the subset of proteins from step 1(b), the 
most natural reading of step 1(c) is that “concentrations across a dynamic 
range at least 6 orders of magnitude” also refers to that subset. 
In addition to the claim language, Petitioner’s position is supported by 
the Specification, which asserts that Patent Owner’s “sensor array” has a 
larger dynamic range than that of “current assays” such as “mass 
spectrometry.” Ex. 1001, 20:20–29. That is, the Specification refers to the 
“dynamic range” of the instruments used to do the assaying, which step 1(c) 
makes clear is conducted on the subset of proteins from step 1(b). 
Extrinsic evidence similarly indicates that the term “dynamic range” 
is understood in the art to refer to the “range over which a technique has a 
measurable response to the presence of an analyte.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 44; 1032, 3 
(emphasis added). The analyte in step 1(c) is the subset of proteins from step 
1(b). See Ex. 1001, 86, 66 (“[1](c) assaying the subset of proteins of [1](b) 
with an instrument”). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
30 
In contrast, Patent Owner’s interpretation is unavailing because it 
relies on parsing the language of step 1(c) to shift focus away from the 
“subset” and redirect it to the phrase “in the biological sample.” See 
Sur-reply 1 (omitting the entire first half of step 1(c) from its quotation of 
the claim language). Such an approach is improper because it does not 
consider that phrase in context of the surrounding claim language. See 
Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1314 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc) 
(explaining that the “surrounding words of the claim . . . must be 
considered”) (internal quotations omitted). In context, the better reading is 
that “in the biological sample” refers to the source of the proteins in the 
subset, whereas the “dynamic range” refers to the sensitivity of the assay to 
detect proteins from the sample that are present in the subset at 
concentrations across a range of at least 6 orders of magnitude. For these 
reasons, Patent Owner’s argument that Cai only demonstrates an 8-order of 
magnitude detection range for the subset of step 1(b) (i.e., the proteins 
separated in the MWCNT and CB pulldowns) is not persuasive. 
Patent Owner also asserts that Petitioner’s showing is deficient 
because “emPAI is not a measure of concentration.” Resp. 32. Patent Owner 
points to Cai’s description of emPAI as “a semi-quantitative indication of 
the overall abundance of protein in the mixture.” Id. (quoting Ex. 1005, 
587) (Patent Owner’s emphasis). According to Patent Owner, “abundance is 
not the same as concentration.” Id. (citing Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 63–64). Patent Owner 
further suggests that the emPAI values Petitioner relies upon in Cai are 
inaccurate because they “are not found within the narrow range that had 
been validated for this procedure.” See id. at 33–34 (citing Ex. 2023 ¶ 66). 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
31 
Patent Owner’s emPAI arguments are unavailing for several reasons. 
First, we credit Dr. Vargas’s testimony that a POSA would understand that 
“a dynamic range of 6 orders of magnitude is a relative concentration range 
between high abundant proteins and low or rare abundant proteins” and that 
“the emPAI values of detected proteins disclosed by Cai that span from 0.02 
to 2254683 are relative concentration ranges that are at least 6 orders of 
magnitude. Ex. 1003 ¶ 229 (citing Ex. 1005, 12–17 (Supplementary Table 
2)).15 Dr. Vargas’s testimony is supported by Ishihama, which Cai cites to 
explain the emPAI values in its LC-MS/MS analysis. Ex. 1005, 587. 
Ishihama shows that emPAI is directly correlated with and can be 
mathematically converted to protein concentration. Ex. 1018, 1268 
(explaining that emPAI “is directly proportional to protein content” and can 
be used to “calculate the absolute concentrations”), Fig. 1(E) (showing 
linearity between emPAI and “Protein concentration (fmol/µL)” over tested 
range). Dr. Vargas shows that when Cai’s largest and smallest emPAI values 
are converted using Ishihama’s formula, the resulting molar percent values 
continue to span 8 orders of magnitude. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 239–240. Thus, the 
record supports that emPAI and concentration are sufficiently related such 
that a POSA would understand that Cai’s disclosure of emPAI values 
spanning 8 orders of magnitude is a dynamic concentration range of “at least 
6 orders of magnitude” as recited in step 1(c). 
 
15 Table S2 is part of Cai’s “[s]upplementary data,” which can be obtained at 
a URL referenced in Cai. Ex. 1012 ¶ 33 (quoting Ex. 1005, 592). Patent 
Owner does not dispute that this supplementary data is part of Cai’s 
disclosure for purposes of Petitioner’s patentability challenges. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
32 
Second, it is no moment that Cai only reports emPAI values because 
no particular measure of protein concentration is required by claim 1. 
Indeed, claim 1 does not require any quantification of the concentration of 
proteins detected in step 1(c). See Tr. 36:14–37:1 (Patent Owner’s counsel 
acknowledging that claim 1 does not require concentration quantification to 
occur). All that is required is that the subset be assayed to “detect” proteins 
present at concentrations spanning at least 6 orders of magnitude––a 
threshold that Cai’s span of emPAI values exceeds by a very wide margin. 
Thus, even accepting that there are differences between abundance and 
concentration, the differences identified by Dr. Cimas (see Ex. 2023 ¶ 64) 
are not significant enough to undermine Dr. Vargas’s testimony above. 
Third, Patent Owner and Dr. Cimas’s assertions about the relationship 
between emPAI and concentration not being validated for over the full range 
of values in Cai are overstated. Both Ishihama and Cai indicate that emPAI 
is a reliable measure both for detecting and quantifying the detected proteins 
in a proteomic assay. Ex. 1018, 1268 (“the emPAI approach seems to 
provide a reasonably accurate estimate for comprehensive absolute 
quantification”), 1271 (suggesting “routine use” of emPAI “in reporting of 
proteomic results”); see also Ex. 1005, 587 (adopting Ishihama’s emPAI 
approach for its study). Indeed, Dr. Cimas’s testimony confirms that Isikawa 
“validated” the linear relationship between emPAI and protein concentration 
with empirical data spanning a significant range. See Ex. 2023 ¶ 66 
(concentration tested over range from 30 fmol/µL to 1.8 pmol/µL). 
Dr. Cimas observes that Cai’s emPAI values span a wider range than those 
tested in Ishihama, but does not identify any reason why one of ordinary 
skill in the art would not expect the correlation shown in Ishihama to 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
33 
continue through the full extent of Cai’s wider range. Id. Thus, Patent 
Owner’s arguments based on that testimony are just speculation that we do 
not find persuasive to overcome Petitioner’s showing for step 1(c). 
 
In sum and based on the full trial record, Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Cai anticipates claim 1. 
ii. 
Claims 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25 
Each of these claims depends directly from claim 1. Claims 4, 6, and 
17 recite limitations relating to the assaying in step 1(c). Ex. 1001, 87:11–16 
(assaying performed “using gel-electrophoresis, liquid chromatograpy, mass 
spectrometry” and other techniques), 20–21 (“dynamic range of the proteins 
detected spans 6 or more orders of magnitude”), 54–55 (“assaying further 
comprises digesting the proteins”). Claim 22 limits the recited “biological 
sample” to a Markush group of options that includes “any lysates.” Id. at 
88:12–17. Claim 25 further recites that the “different particle types” in step 
1(a) differ “by one or more physicochemical properties” including 
“composition, size, surface charge, hydrophobicity, hydrophilicity, surface 
functionality, surface topography, surface curvature, shape, and any 
combination thereof.” Id. at 88:31–37. 
Petitioner provides argument, supported by evidence, explaining that 
Cai also discloses the additional limitations in claims 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25. 
See Pet. 60–61. Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s showing for any 
of these claims separately from the arguments already addressed above for 
claim 1. See Resp. 34 (asserting that “the petition fails to establish Cai 
anticipates claim 1” and thus the challenge to these dependent claims 
“similarly fails”). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
34 
We adopt Petitioner's undisputed analysis of the additional limitations 
of claims 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25, and credit its supporting evidence. See 
Pet. 60–61; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 94–97, 199–200, 206, 230–235. Accordingly, 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that Cai anticipates 
these claims. 
F. Obviousness over Cai 
Petitioner contends claims 1, 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25 are obvious over 
Cai. See Pet. 62–64. This ground relies on the same showing as in the 
anticipation ground with some additional obviousness contentions relating to 
step 1(c). Id. As before, Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s contentions. See 
Resp. 35–36. 
We find that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence 
that these claims would also have been obvious over Cai. To the extent this 
ground presents the same issues and arguments as the anticipation ground, 
we have addressed those above. See supra § III.E. Below, we focus on 
Petitioner’s additional contentions for step 1(c) and Patent Owner’s 
arguments against the same. 
i. 
Claim 1 
Petitioner contends that “[t]o the extent that Cai is found not to 
disclose limitation 1[c] regarding the orders of magnitude . . . Cai would still 
render obvious claims 1, 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25.” Pet. 62. Petitioner relies on 
calculations by Dr. Vargas, who uses equations disclosed in Ishihama, to 
convert the largest and smallest emPAI values in Cai’s Table S2 into “more 
traditional concentration numbers,” i.e., molar percent or “mol %” values. 
Id.at 63 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 239–240; Ex. 1018, 1267 (conversion formula)). 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
35 
Petitioner further asserts that “a POSA would have been motivated to search 
out protein concentration,” and could use the equations disclosed in 
Ishihama to confirm the concentration of proteins detected using Cai’s 
method. Id.; see also Tr. 47:13–48:13 (explaining argument). 
We find Petitioner’s showing above credible. That is, Cai discloses 
emPAI values for proteins detected in its LC-MS/MS analysis that span 8 
orders of magnitude. Ex. 1005; see also Ex. 1003 ¶ 229 (“emPAI values of 
detected proteins disclosed by Cai . . . span from 0.02 to 2254683”). Relying 
on Ishihama’s Equation 3, Dr. Vargas converts the highest and lowest 
emPAI values into molar percent values and observes that those “more 
traditional concentration numbers” likewise span 8 orders of magnitude. Ex. 
1003 ¶¶ 239–240. 
Neither Patent Owner, nor Dr. Cimas, dispute the accuracy of 
Dr. Vargas’s calculations. See Resp. 35–36. Instead, Patent Owner relies on 
Dr. Cimas’s testimony that “[m]olar percent (mol %) of protein content is 
indicative of relative abundance; it is not a measure of concentration.” 
Ex. 2023 ¶ 69. But, other than Ishihama itself, Dr. Cimas does not cite any 
support for his assertion that a POSA would not understand molar percent to 
be a measure of concentration. See id. This is a problem for Patent Owner 
because Ishihama expressly refers to the values calculated using its formulae 
as “absolute concentrations.”16 Ex. 1018, 1268. In other words, there is 
 
16 Ishihama refers to “absolution concentrations . . . calculated using 
Equation 4.” Ex. 1018, 1268. Equation 4 calculates “Protein content (weight 
%)” from emPAI. Ex. 1018, 1267. The same characterization of protein 
content as a measure of concentration would apply to Equation 3, which 
likewise calculates “Protein content” from emPAI, but as a molar percent. 
Id. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
36 
competing expert testimony on this point––but Dr. Vargas’s testimony that 
molar percent is a measure of concentration (Ex. 1003 ¶ 239) is supported by 
the other evidence of record (Ishihama), whereas Dr. Cimas’s is not. For this 
reason, we credit this aspect of Dr. Vargas’s testimony over the competing 
testimony from Dr. Cimas. 
Dr. Cimas’s suggestion that Ishihama’s conversion formulae are 
inaccurate is also unavailing. See Ex. 2023 ¶ 69 (referring to “observed error 
as high as three-fold the detected values”). First, contrary to Dr. Cimas’s 
suggestion, Ishihama specifically states that its “emPAI-based 
concentrations,” i.e., concentrations calculated from measured emPAI values 
using its formulae, are “highly consistent with the actual values.” Ex. 1018, 
1268. Second, as explained above, claim 1 only requires that proteins be 
detected over the recited dynamic range; it does not require the 
quantification of those proteins. Moreover, this dynamic range is a relative 
range and Cai teaches that its method detects proteins at a concentration over 
a much larger dynamic range (8 orders of magnitude) than the “at least 6 
orders” recited in claim 1. Ex. 1003 ¶ 229. Accordingly, even if some error 
would have been expected in the mathematical conversion of emPAI to 
molar percent, the record does not suggest that this error would be 
significant enough to undermine Petitioner’s showing that the dynamic range 
of detection achieved by Cai’s method meets the “at least six orders of 
magnitude” threshold required by claim 1. 
Indeed, this would seem to be true both for the protein concentration 
in Cai’s pull-downs (i.e., the subset of step 1(b)) as well as the concentration 
in the underlying biological sample. Cai teaches that the binding of proteins 
to its MWCNT and CB particles is “protein-selective” and that “[s]ome of 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
37 
the proteins with the highest binding efficiencies . . . are low abundance 
proteins” in the HeLA lysate. Ex. 1005, 587. Thus, Cai teaches that these 
particles are able to “selectively enrich” proteins that may be of low 
abundance in the sample so that they may be detected by assaying the 
protein subset from the MWCNT and CB-pull downs. Id. at 592. The broad 
eight orders of magnitude range of protein concentration values detected in 
Cai’s subset suggests that its assay is sensitive enough to detect both high 
and low abundant proteins and would be capable of detecting proteins 
present in a similar dynamic range of concentrations in the underlying 
biological sample. See Ex. 1003 ¶ 228 (“A POSA would have understood 
that these results from assaying the biological sample using MS across a 
dynamic range large enough to detect both low abundant and high abundant 
proteins in the biological sample, as disclosed in Cai.”), 241 (“[I]t was well-
known and desirable in the field (and in fact, a necessity when assessing 
datasets from research such as the proteins detected in Cai’s method) to look 
up the proteins concentration to determine the orders of magnitude of the 
dynamic range for the detected low abundant and high abundant proteins.”). 
For these reasons, and those set forth above (supra § III.E.i.), 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 1 would 
have been obvious over Cai. 
ii. 
Claims 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25 
There are no separate obviousness contentions offered for the 
additional limitations recited in dependent claims 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25. 
Pet. 62–63. Petitioner apparently relies on the same showing in its 
anticipation ground for those limitations. See id. As before, Patent Owner 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
38 
does not dispute Petitioner’s showing for the dependent claims separately 
from the arguments addressed above for claim 1. 
Accordingly, for the same reasons discussed above, Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25 
would have been obvious over Cai. See supra § III.E.ii. 
G. Obviousness over Hu 
Petitioner contends claims 1–4, 6, 7, 17, and 22–25 would have been 
obvious over Hu. Pet. 21–46. Patent Owner disputes those contentions. See 
Resp. 36–53. 
For the reasons explained below, we find that Petitioner has not 
shown that claims 1–4, 6, 7, 17, and 22–25 would have been obvious over 
Hu. More specifically, Petitioner has not sufficiently shown that Hu teaches 
or suggests step (c) of claim 1. Because this issue is dispositive for all of the 
claims challenged in this ground, our analysis below focuses on the parties’ 
arguments and evidence pertaining to step 1(c). 
Petitioner argues that Hu teaches contacting a biological sample 
(blood plasma) with different particle types (Fe3O4 NPs of varying size) to 
form protein coronas, separating a subset of proteins from those coronas, and 
then using “‘RPLC’ (i.e., Reverse Phase Liquid Chromatography) in 
conjunction with tandem mass spectrometry (RPLC-MS/MS)” to assay the 
proteins in those coronas. See Pet. 21–33. According to Petitioner, Hu 
discloses using software to “search the known International Protein Index 
[IPI] for MS/MS spectral data protein matches.” Id. at 33 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 155; Ex. 1008, 356). 
Petitioner acknowledges that Hu does not disclose the dynamic range 
of its method in numeric form, but asserts that it would have been obvious 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
39 
that Hu’s method achieves a dynamic range of at least six orders of 
magnitude based on its detection of two specific proteins––serum albumin 
and LTBP-1. Pet. 35–36. Hu identifies serum albumin as one of the “most 
abundant plasma proteins bound on the Fe3O4 NPs.” Id. at 34 (quoting 
Ex. 1008, Table 2). LTBP-1 is one of more than a hundred other proteins 
listed in Hu’s supplementary data table. Id. (citing Ex. 1008, 18 (IPI entry 
“IPI00973177.1”)). Petitioner relies on what it calls “reference values” in 
other exhibits, to assert that “serum albumin is normally present in healthy 
human plasma at concentrations ranging from 35 to 52 mg/mL and LTBP-1 
in concentrations ranging from 1.7 to 6.0 ng/mL.” Id. at 36 (citing Ex. 1015, 
786–87, Table 2 (serum albumin); Ex. 1016, 16046–48, Table 1 (LTBP-1). 
Based on those reference values, Petitioner concludes that “the method of 
Hu detects the bound proteins in the biological sample at a concentration 
greater than 10 mg/mL (10-2) (i.e., serum albumin) and less than 10 ng/mL 
(10-9) (i.e., LTBP-1), comprising a dynamic range of at least six orders of 
magnitude.” Id. at 36 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 166, 103–104). 
 
Petitioner’s showing is deficient in multiple respects. First, 
Petitioner’s showing is premised on reference values that purportedly show 
the concentrations of serum albumin and LTBP-1 normally present in human 
blood plasma (i.e., the biological sample), as opposed to their concentration 
in the subset of proteins separated from the coronas on the Fe3O4 NPs (i.e., 
the subset of step 1(b)). As explained above, for the Cai-based grounds 
Petitioner takes the position that the dynamic range in step 1(c) refers to the 
concentrations in the subset of step 1(b) and we agree with that 
interpretation. See supra § III.E.i. Even if we were to credit Petitioner’s 
evidence that the concentration of serum albumin and LTBP-1 in human 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
40 
blood plasma typically differs by at least six orders of magnitude, it would 
not show that the concentrations of those proteins in the subset separated 
from the coronas on Hu’s Fe3O4 NPs also differ by at least six orders of 
magnitude. Thus, Petitioner has not shown that a POSA would have 
understood Hu’s method to be sensitive enough to detect proteins in the 
subset at concentrations over a dynamic range of at least six orders of 
magnitude, as recited in step 1(c). 
 
Second, we agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner’s evidence does 
not show that there is an at least six orders of magnitude difference in the 
typical concentration of the proteins Petitioner relies upon in its showing for 
step 1(c). See Resp. 47–49. Hu indicates that it was “LTBP1 isoform 4” that 
was detected in its spectral data.17 Ex. 1008, 18 (IPI entry “IPI00973177.1”). 
But the evidence Petitioner offers as a “reference value” for that protein’s 
concentration is not for isoform 4, but rather a different isoform, isoform 1. 
Compare Ex. 1016, 16051 (“There are four isoforms of LTBPs (LTBP-1, -2, 
-3, -4)” with 16048 (Table 1 showing “LTBP-1” concentration). 
Accordingly, Petitioner’s evidence does not show the concentration of 
protein corresponding to the spectral data it relies upon. 
Moreover, Patent Owner offers evidence from another source 
suggesting that the typical concentration of LTBP1 isoform 4 in human 
blood plasma is much higher than the value Petitioner relies upon. Ex. 2027, 
1 (reporting an estimated concentration of 220 ng/ml). As Dr. Cimas 
 
17 Patent Owner asserts that “a POSA would be highly skeptical that Hu 
actually detected LTBP-1” because the signal data Hu reports for that 
protein is “extremely small” and not observed for all replicates. Resp. 44–
45. We need not resolve that issue because even assuming the data Petitioner 
relies upon is not experimental error, Petitioner’s showing still fails. 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
41 
explains, using this higher reference value there are only 5 orders of 
magnitude difference between the concentration of serum albumin and the 
particular LTBP1 protein detected in Hu. Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 98–99. We credit this 
testimony because it is supported by the record. Indeed, Petitioner offers no 
particular response, either to the failure of its own evidence to show a 
concentration for LTPB1 isoform 4 or to Patent Owner’s evidence 
suggesting a higher concentration for that protein, in the Reply. Accordingly, 
even assuming the recited “dynamic range” could be shown based on typical 
concentrations of proteins in the biological sample, Petitioner has not shown 
that those concentrations extend over a broad enough range for the proteins 
detected by Hu’s method. 
 
Third, to the extent Petitioner attempts to rely on general assertions 
regarding the sensitivity of “known mass spectrometry” techniques to 
supplement the teachings in Hu, those arguments are unpersuasive. See 
Pet. 37–38 (arguing the ’360 Patent “admits that known mass spectrometry 
can detect proteins at a dynamic range of 4-6 order[s] of magnitude” and 
“there is nothing inventive . . . by claiming a dynamic range that was already 
well known and understood”); Reply 24 (urging that “Patent Owner should 
not be heard to argue that” mass spectrometry and shotgun methods “fail to 
provide sufficient sensitivity and specificity for use with the patented 
method because the patent says they do”). We do not doubt that mass 
spectrometry techniques sensitive enough to achieve a dynamic range of at 
least six orders of magnitude were known in the art.18 But Petitioner does 
 
18 Indeed, as explained above, Cai discloses a prior art method that uses 
mass spectrometry to detect proteins at concentrations over a dynamic range 
that exceeds six orders of magnitude. See supra § III.E–F. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
42 
not assert that it would have been obvious to modify Hu to use one of these 
other known techniques. See generally Pet. 33–39. Rather, Petitioner’s 
ground is premised on the use of Hu’s particular RPLC-MS/MS assay and 
Petitioner has not demonstrated that Hu’s assay teaches or suggests the 
recited dynamic range. 
 
For these reasons, Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claim 1 would have been obvious over Hu. Petitioner’s 
showing for dependent claims 2–4, 6, 7, 17, and 22–25 relies upon the same 
showing for the limitations incorporated from base claim 1. Accordingly, 
Petitioner has not met its burden to show that these claims would have been 
obvious over Hu for the same reasons as claim 1. 
H. Obviousness over Zaccaria 
Petitioner contends claims 1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 17, 22, 23, and 25 would have 
been obvious over Zaccaria. Pet. 64–80. Patent Owner disputes those 
contentions. See Resp. 53–65. 
For the reasons explained below, we find that Petitioner has not 
shown that claims 1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 17, 22, 23, and 25 would have been obvious 
over Zaccaria. More specifically, Petitioner has not sufficiently shown that 
Zaccaria teaches or suggests step (c) of claim 1. Because this issue is 
dispositive for all of the claims challenged in this ground, our analysis below 
focuses on the parties’ arguments and evidence pertaining to step 1(c). 
Petitioner argues that Zaccaria teaches contacting a biological sample 
(RBC lysate) with different particle types (superparamagnetic NPs) to form 
protein coronas around the NPs, separating a subset of proteins from those 
coronas, and then using “nano-LC-MS/MS protein identification” to assay 
the proteins in those coronas. See Pet. 64–73. Similar to its contentions for 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
43 
the ground based on Hu, Petitioner acknowledges that “Zaccaria does not 
specifically state the dynamic range in numerical form,” but instead points to 
particular proteins identified in Zaccaria’s assay as evidence of its dynamic 
range. Id. at 74. That is, Petitioner relies on Zaccaria’s identification of 
“Hemoglobin subunit beta and Hemoglobin subunit alpha (HBA1)” as 
amongst the “twenty most abundant proteins identified from NPs corona” 
and “myotubularian-related protein 5 (SBF1)” as an example of a lower 
abundant protein allegedly identified through Zaccaria’s method. Id. at 73–
74 (citing Ex. 1007, 1875–76 (Table 2 identifying HPA1), 58 
(supplementary data table)). Petitioner relies on another reference, as 
evidence that an ordinarily-skilled artisan “would have understood that 
HBA1 is normally present in RBC lysate in a concentration of 1.47 x 104 
pmol/mg and SBF1 in a concentration of 6.62 x 10-6 pmol/mg because both 
proteins are well-known components of RBC.” Id. at 74–75 (citing Ex. 1009, 
33, 34). In addition, for claim 7, Petitioner relies on a similar analysis for 
another lower abundant protein, “PIK3R4.” See id. at 79. Petitioner alleges 
that the range between the normally present concentrations of these proteins 
in RBC lysate teaches or suggests the “dynamic range” recited in step 1(c). 
Id. at 75. 
Petitioner’s showing is deficient in multiple respects. First, it suffers 
from the same defect as the ground based on Hu, i.e., Petitioner does not 
show that Zaccaria’s assay detects proteins present in the subset separated 
from the NP coronas at concentrations that differ by at least six orders of 
magnitude. Rather, Petitioner attempts to show that Zaccaria’s method can 
detect proteins present in the biological sample (RBC lysate) at 
concentrations that vary by the recited six orders of magnitude. But the 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
44 
concentration range in the RBC lysate is not the same as the range in the 
subset separated from the NP coronas. As Petitioner observes, Zaccaria 
teaches that “low-abundant proteins identified in nontreated sample [i.e., the 
RBC lysate] were present in higher abundance on NPs” and at the same 
there was a “respective decrease of high-abundant proteins” on those NPs. 
Pet. 75 (quoting Ex. 1007, 1881). This results in a “greatly reduce[d] range 
of concentrations in the [NP treated] sample” that was assayed by mass 
spectrometry. Id. Petitioner has not shown that this reduced range comprises 
at least six orders of magnitude. Accordingly, even if we credit Petitioner’s 
evidence as showing a greater than six orders of magnitude difference 
between the typical concentrations of these proteins in RBC lysate, 
Petitioner’s evidence does not show that Zaccaria teaches or suggests that its 
assay is sensitive enough to detect proteins present in the subset of step 1(b) 
at concentrations across the recited dynamic range. 
Second, we agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner has not 
demonstrated that SBF1 and PIK3R4 were actually detected in Zaccaria’s 
assaying step. As Dr. Cimas explains, an ordinarily-skilled artisan would 
understand that Zaccaria’s mass spectrometry analysis involves degrading 
the proteins “into small peptide fragments, acquir[ing] spectral data, and 
analyz[ing] the raw mass spectral data to make ‘predictions’ of the 
‘theoretical peptides possible.’” Ex. 2023 ¶ 114 (quoting Ex. 1003 ¶ 39). 
Zaccaria does this by mapping the data to “different accession numbers 
(e.g., different numbers identifying difference proteins in a database).” Id. 
¶ 112; see also Ex. 1007, 24–118 (Zaccaria’s supplemental data tables 
listing accession numbers (AC) for spectral data). Zaccaria indicates that, in 
some instances, the spectral data for particular peptide fragments will match 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
45 
to several different proteins and “if several proteins match the same set of 
peptides, only one member of the protein group is indicated in [its] concise 
lists.” Ex. 1007, 17; Ex. 2023 ¶ 117. Petitioner relies on lists identifying the 
accession numbers for SBF1 and PIK3R4 for certain spectral data. See 
Pet. 73–74 (citing Ex. 1007, 58 (listing AC identifier O95248 for SBF1); 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 119, 270–271, 281, 284. However, as Dr. Cimas credibly 
demonstrates (Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 114–118), Zaccaria elsewhere indicates that the 
same data also matches to other proteins having different accession numbers 
and that Petitioner offers no evidence for the concentration range of these 
other proteins. The fact that neither Petitioner in its Reply, nor Dr. Vargas in 
her declaration, confront this issue undermines the credibility of Petitioner’s 
showing for step 1(c). See Reply 25–26; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 119, 270, 281 (failing 
to address the multiple accession number issue for the spectral data they 
contend shows Zaccaria’s detection of SBF1 and PIK3R4). 
Finally, Petitioner’s argument that “there is nothing inventive in 
claim 1 by claiming a dynamic range that was admittedly already well 
known and understood” is unpersuasive. See Pet. 76 (referring back to 
Petitioner’s argument that the Specification acknowledges that mass 
spectrometry was already known to achieve a dynamic range of up to six 
orders of magnitude). As was the case with the Hu-based ground, Petitioner 
does not assert that it would have been obvious to modify Zaccaria to use a 
different or more sensitive assay. Instead, the Petition relies on Zaccaria’s 
existing nano-LC-MS/MS assay, but Petitioner has not sufficiently 
demonstrated that assay teaches or suggests the recited dynamic range. 
For these reasons, Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claim 1 would have been obvious over Zaccaria. Petitioner’s 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
46 
showing for dependent claims 2, 4, 6, 7, 17, 22, 23, and 25 relies upon the 
same showing for the limitations incorporated from base claim 1. 
Accordingly, Petitioner has not met its burden to show that any of the 
challenged claims would have been obvious over Zaccaria. 
IV. 
CONCLUSION19 
 
Petitioner has shown that claims 1, 4, 6, 17, 22, and 25 are anticipated 
by and would have been obvious over Cai. Petitioner has not shown that 
claims 1–4, 6, 7, 17, and 22–25 would have been obvious over Hu. 
Petitioner has also not shown that claims 1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 17, 22, 23, and 25 
would have been obvious over Zaccaria. 
 
 
19 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claims 
 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–4, 6, 7, 17, 
22–25 
103 
Hu 
 
1–4, 6, 7, 17, 
22–25 
1, 4, 6, 17, 22, 
25 
102 
Cai 
1, 4, 6, 17, 22, 
25 
 
1, 4, 6, 17, 22, 
25 
103 
Cai 
1, 4, 6, 17, 22, 
25 
 
1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 
17, 22, 23, 25 
103 
Zaccaria 
 
1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 
17, 22, 23, 25 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
47 
 
V. 
ORDER 
 
Accordingly, it is: 
 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown that claims 1, 4, 6, 17, 22, and 
25 of U.S. Patent 11,435,360 B2 are unpatentable; 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not shown that claims 2, 3, 7, 23, and 
24 of U.S. Patent 11,435,360 B2 are unpatentable; 
 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
Claims 
 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1, 4, 6, 17, 22, 
25 
2, 3, 7, 23, 24 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-01473 
Patent 11,435,360 B2 
48 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Patrick Colsher 
Christine Lehman 
Gina Cremona 
REICHMAN JORGENSEN LEHMAN & FELDBERG LLP 
pcolsher@reichmanjorgensen.com 
clehman@reichmanjorgensen.com 
gcremona@reichmanjorgensen.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Michael Rosato 
Jad Mills 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
mrosato@wsgr.com 
jmills@wsgr.com 
 
Michael Piery 
Matthew Holochan 
QUARLES & BRADY LLP 
michael.piery@quarles.com 
Matthew.holohan@quarles.com