--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
Paper: 58 
571-272-7822 
 
Date: August 26, 2025 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
_____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
SYNAFFIX B.V., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
HANGZHOU DAC BIOTECH CO., LTD., 
Patent Owner. 
____________ 
 
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
____________ 
 
Before ZHENYU YANG, DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, and 
CYNTHIA M. HARDMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining Some Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
Dismissing Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence as Moot 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
This is a Final Written Decision in an inter partes review challenging 
the patentability of claims 1–17, 20, 21, 24–26, and 29–34 of U.S. Patent 
No. 10,131,682 C1 (“the ’682 patent,” Ex. 1001). We have jurisdiction 
under 35 U.S.C. § 6. 
Petitioner has the burden of proving unpatentability of the challenged 
claims by a preponderance of the evidence. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Having 
reviewed the parties’ arguments and cited evidence, for the reasons we 
discuss below, we find that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 1–17, 20, 21, 24, 26, 29–31 are unpatentable over 
the cited prior art. However, we find that Petitioner has not demonstrated by 
a preponderance of the evidence that claims 25 and 32–34 are unpatentable 
over the cited prior art. 
A. 
Procedural History 
Petitioner, Synaffix B.V., filed a Petition requesting inter partes 
review of claims 1–17, 20, 21, 24–26, and 29–34 of the ’682 patent. Paper 2 
(“Pet.”), 1, 3. Patent Owner, Hangzhou DAC Biotech Co., Ltd., filed a 
Preliminary Response (Paper 9, “Prelim. Resp.”). We initially determined 
that the information presented in the Petition did not establish a reasonable 
likelihood that Petitioner would prevail with respect to at least one of the 
challenged claims, and did not institute inter partes review. Paper 17. 
Petitioner requested Director review of our decision denying institution 
(Paper 18 (“Request”)). The Director delegated review of the decision to a 
Delegated Rehearing Panel (“DRP”). Paper 19. Patent Owner was granted 
the option to file a response to Petitioner’s Request (Paper 22 (“Request 
Resp.”)). The Delegated Review Panel vacated our decision and remanded 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
3 
the case to this panel with a revised claim construction for claim 1. Paper 23 
(“DRP Dec.”). 
On August 30, 2024, we instituted an inter partes review after remand 
from the Director. Paper 25 (“Inst. Dec.”). Patent Owner subsequently filed 
a Patent Owner Response (Paper 31, “Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply 
(Paper 36, “Reply”), Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 44, “Sur-reply”), 
and Petitioner filed a Sur-sur-reply (Paper 48, “Sur-sur-reply”). 
We held a final hearing on June 12, 2025; a transcript is in the record. 
Paper 57 (“Tr.”). 
B. 
Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner states that the “real-parties-in-interest are Petitioner, 
Synaffix B.V., and Lonza Group, AG, which recently acquired Synaffix.” 
Paper 12, 21 (Updated Mandatory Notices). 
Patent Owner states that it is the real party-in-interest and the assignee 
of the ’682 patent. Paper 8, 1.2 
C. 
Related Matters 
Petitioner states that the ’682 patent was “re-examined as 
Reexamination Control Number 90/014,390, yielding, inter alia, amended 
claims 1, 3, 20, and new claims 24-26 and 29-34.” Pet. 1; see Ex. 1002 (ex 
parte reexamination certificate with amended claims). 
Patent Owner lists the following related matters: U.S. Patent No. 
10,131,682 issued from U.S. Patent Application No. 14/432,073, filed on 
 
1 Paper 12 is not paginated. We reference the pages therein as if Paper 12 
had been paginated beginning at the first page after the cover sheet. 
2 Paper 8 is not paginated. We reference the pages therein as if Paper 8 had 
been paginated beginning at the first page after the cover sheet. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
4 
March 27, 2015, which is a U.S. National Stage of International Application 
No. PCT/IB2012/056700, filed on November 24, 2012; and U.S. 
Application No. 90/014,390, filed on October 16, 2019, which is a 
reexamination of U.S. Patent No. 10,131,682. Paper 8, 1. 
D. 
The ’682 Patent (Ex. 1001) 
 
Specification Overview 
The ’682 patent is titled “Hydrophilic Linkers and Their Uses for 
Conjugation of Drugs to A Cell Binding Molecules” and issued from U.S. 
Application No. 14/432,073 (the ’073 Application), a national stage entry of 
PCT/IB2012/056700 that was filed on November 24, 2012. Ex. 1001, codes 
(54), (10), (21), (86), and (22). 
The ’682 patent regards protein/drug conjugates for targeted delivery 
of drugs to specific cells. Ex. 1001, code (57, Abstract). The Specification 
discloses that 
the use of the cell binding molecule – drug conjugates, such as 
antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs), in developing therapies for a 
wide variety of cancers has been limited both by the availability 
of specific targeting agents (carriers) as well as the conjugation 
methodologies which result in formation of protein aggregates 
when the amount of the drugs that are conjugated to the carrier 
(i.e., the drug loading) is increased. 
Id. at 2:25–33. The Specification states that “[n]ormally the tendency for 
cytotoxic drug conjugates to aggregate is especially problematic when the 
conjugation reactions are performed with hydrophilic linkers.” Id. at 2:33–
37. Moreover, “higher drug loading increases the inherent potency of the 
conjugate,” making it desirable to have “as much drug loaded on the carrier” 
as possible while maintaining binding ability to the protein. Id. at 2:37–39. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
5 
The ’682 patent discloses “hydrophilic linkers containing phosphinate, 
sulfonyl, and/or sulfoxide groups to link drugs to a cell-binding agent (e.g., 
an antibody).” Ex. 1001, 2:53–55. The Specification discloses that the 
hydrophilic linkers containing these specific groups confer the following 
advantageous hydrophilic properties to the cell binding molecule-drug 
conjugates: reduced aggregation in water-based media, enabling higher 
drug-per-cell binding to molecule ratio; permitting higher potency; and 
increased drug retention in the target cell after the drug is released from the 
conjugate. Id. at 2:60–65. 
Using these hydrophilic linkers, the Specification discloses antibody-
drug conjugates with the preferred formula “Cb-(-L-Drug)n, wherein Cb is a 
cell-binding agent, L is a hydrophilic linker, Drug is a drug molecule and n 
is an integer from 1 to 20.” Ex. 1001, 2:55–60. The drug is a cytotoxic 
agent and is a “small molecule drug” identified in the Specification as “an 
organic, inorganic, or organometallic compound that may have a molecular 
weight of for example 100 to 1800, more suitably from 120 to 1400.” Id. at 
29:46–50. The cell-binding agent “may be of any kind presently known, or 
that become[s] known, molecule that binds to, complexes with or reacts with 
a moiety of a cell population sought to be therapeutically or otherwise 
biologically modified.” Id. at 14:39–44. When an antibody is used as a cell-
binding agent, this may permit immune-targeted delivery of the drug to a 
specific cell population, such as “cancer cell antigens, viral antigens, 
microbial antigens or a protein generated by the immune system that is 
capable of recognizing, binding to a specific antigen or exhibiting the 
desired biological activity.” Id. at 14:54–58. 
 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
6 
 
Examination of the ’682 Patent 
During examination, the Examiner issued a rejection of claim 1 based 
on a disclosure in Lees3 of N-hydroxysuccinimide vinyl sulfone,4 copied 
below. 
 
The graphic above shows the structure of N-hydroxysuccinimide (“NHS”) 
vinyl sulfone, as disclosed in Lees. Ex. 2026, 22. The Examiner found that 
Lees discloses NHS vinyl sulfone as a heterobifunctional linker used to 
attach a derivatized polysaccharide to one end and a protein to the other. Ex. 
1018, 42. The Examiner found that NHS vinyl sulfone anticipated formula 
55 of the Specification, shown below: 
 
Id. at 42–43. Shown above is formula 55 of the Specification, which was 
encompassed by then-pending claim 1. Ex. 1001, Fig. 6, p. 12. In response, 
 
3 Lees, Andrew, WO 97/41897, published November 13, 1997 (Ex. 2026, 
“Lees”). 
4 The parties and documents of record use “vinyl sulfone” and “vinyl 
sulfone” to refer to the same compound. We use “vinyl sulfone” 
consistently herein. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
7 
Applicant (now Patent Owner) amended claim 1 as follows to overcome the 
rejection.5 
 
Ex. 1018, 45. This amendment required that where claim elements Q or T 
were sulfone, m and n could be an integer from 1 to 5, not zero. Id. 
Moreover, Applicant stated that the amendment was made to overcome 
Lees. Id. at 62. “[C]laim 1 of the present application recites that when Q or 
T is -S(O)2)-, m and n are not 0, thereby excluding the above noted 
compound described in Lees.” Id. The Examiner subsequently allowed 
claim 1. Id. at 77. 
 
Reexamination of the ’682 Patent 
The ’682 patent was reexamined, which resulted in an ex parte 
reexamination office action dated June 12, 2020. Ex. 1019, 1. The 
Applicant filed a response that included an amendment to claim 20, which 
adds the following limitation: 
when (i) Q is -S(O2)-, m is 1, and n is 0, or (ii) T is -S(O2)-, n is 
1 and m is 0, Y is an N-hydroxysuccinimide (NHS) ester, p-
nitrophenyl ester, dinitrophenyl ester, pentafluorophenyl ester, 
 
5 Only the relevant portion of the amended claim (now claim 1) is shown. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
8 
pyridyldisulfide, nitropyridyldisulfide, maleimide, haloacetate, 
carboxylic acid chloride, hydrazide or hydroxylamine. 
Id. at 50–51. 
In response to a rejection over WO ’497,6 the Applicant provided the 
following remarks: 
“IV-2. WO ‘497 
The Office Action cited WO ‘497 as allegedly disclosing the 
following formula:” 
 
Ex. 1019, 74–75. The diagram above is a reproduction of a formula as 
annotated by the Examiner. Id. Applicant continued: 
In the above formula of WO ‘497, the portion allegedly 
corresponding to Y in formula (IV) recited in claim 20 of the 
present patent, is a vinyl group (-=). 
On the other hand, claim 20 of the present patent, as 
amended, recites that “when (i) Q is -S(O2)-, m is 1, and n is 0, 
or (ii) T is -S(O2)-, n is 1 and m is 0, Y is an N-
hydroxysuccinimide (NHS) ester, p-nitrophenyl ester, 
dinitrophenyl ester, pentafluorophenyl ester, pyridyldisulfide, 
nitropyridyldisulfide, maleimide, haloacetate, carboxylic acid 
chloride, hydrazide or hydroxylamine,” which does not 
encompass a vinyl group. 
For at least this reason, the above compound of WO ‘497 
does not meet all the requirements of formula (IV) recited in 
 
6 WO 02/087497 A2. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
9 
claim 20 of the present patent, which the Examiner agreed 
during the Interview. 
 
Ex. 1019, 75. 
A reexamination certificate subsequently issued January 4, 2021. Ex. 
1002, code (45). 
E. 
Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges the patentability of claims 1–17, 20, 21, 24–26, 
and 29–34 (“challenged claims”) of the ’682 patent.7 Pet. 1. The claims 
recite three types of linker structures that can be used to form antibody-drug 
conjugates, which are designated as formulas I, II, and IV. These structures 
are shown in the table below along with the corresponding formula and the 
independent challenged claims that recite these structures: 
 
 
7 All claims at issue were amended during reexamination, either directly or 
by dependency except claims 22–34, which were added during 
reexamination. Ex. 1002, 1:13–21. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
10 
Prelim. Resp. 1; Ex. 1001, 48:31–36, 49:16–20; 54:52–55. The table above 
shows three types of linker structures, designated as formulas I, II, and IV, 
which can be used to form antibody-drug conjugates of the recited claims. 
Id. 
Claim 1 of the ’682 patent is representative. The text of claim 1 
pertinent to the parties’ dispute8 recites: 
1. 
A hydrophilic linker of formula (I) 
 
wherein: 
Y represents a functional group that enables reaction of 
the hydrophilic linker with a cell-binding agent; 
Q and T are either —P(═O)(OM)-, or —S(O2)—, or —
S(O); 
m and n are integers from 0 to 5, but not 0 at the same 
time; provided that when m=1, n=0, Q is not —P(═O)(OM)-; 
when n=1, m=0, T is not —P(═O)(OM)-; and when Q or T is 
—S(O2)—, m and n are not 0; 
Z represents a functional group that enables linkage of 
the hydrophilic linker to a cytotoxic drug via a disulfide, 
thioether, thioester, hydrazone, ether, ester, carbamate, 
carbonate, secondary, tertiary, or quaternary amine, imine, 
cycloheteroalkane, heteroaromatic, alkoxime or amide bond; … 
Ex. 1002, 1:22–2:13. Claim 1 is directed to structures represented by 
formula I, the basic hydrophilic linker. Id. Independent claims 3, 24, and 26 
 
8 The R groups are not central to the dispute in this matter. The full text of 
claim 1 is shown at Exhibit 1002, 1:22–2:13. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
11 
are directed to structures represented by formula II, wherein the linker is 
conjugated to a cell-binding agent and a drug. Id. at 2:14–3:12, 6:30–7:21; 
7:28–8:25. Independent claims 20, 29, and 30 are directed to formula IV, 
wherein the linker is conjugated to a drug. Id. at 4:3–5:3, 9:55–12:19. The 
challenged dependent claims recite additional structures or conjugates 
falling within the respective formulae and their qualities, or recite 
pharmaceutical compositions containing the structures. Ex. 1001, 49:10–
55:29 (amended by dependency). 
F. 
Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
We instituted trial based on the following grounds of alleged 
unpatentability: 
Ground Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §9 
Reference(s)/Basis 
 1 
1–3, 6, 24–25, 33 
102(a) 
Morales-Sanfrutos10 as 
evidenced by Straus11 
 2 
1, 20, 21, 29–31 
102(a)/103(a) 
Harris12 
 
9 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 
(2011) (“AIA”), amended several provisions of 35 U.S.C., including §§ 102 
and 103. The ’682 patent issued from Application No. 14/432,073, filed 
Nov. 24, 2012. Ex. 1001, codes (21), (86). Hence, the pre-AIA versions of 
35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 apply. 
10 Julia Morales-Sanfrutos, et al., Vinyl Sulfone Bifunctional Tag Reagents 
for Single-Point Modification of Proteins, 75: J. ORG. CHEM., 4039–4047 
(2010) (Ex. 1005, “Morales-Sanfrutos”). 
11 W. Straus et al., Unusual binding sites for horseradish peroxidase on the 
surface of cultured and isolated mammalian cells: Suppression of binding by 
certain nucleotides and glycoproteins, and a role for calcium, 85: 
HISTOCHEMISTRY 277–286 (1986) (Ex. 1006, “Straus”). 
12 J. Milton Harris, WO 95/13312, published May 18, 1995 (Ex. 1007, 
“Harris”). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
12 
Ground Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §9 
Reference(s)/Basis 
 3 
1–8, 10–12, 14–
17, 20, 21, 24, 26, 
29–31 
103(a) 
Singh,13 Harris 
 4 
9, 13 
103(a) 
Singh, Harris, Bhakta14 
 5 
2, 25, 32–34 
103(a) 
Singh, Harris, Snow15 
Inst. Dec. 11–12; Pet. 2–3. Petitioner supports its allegations with the 
declarations of Ravi Chari, Ph.D. (Ex. 1003; Ex. 1076) and Dr. Sheila Baker 
(Ex. 1075), among other evidence. Patent Owner supports its allegations in 
opposition with declarations of Lawrence Nathan Tumey, Ph.D. (Ex. 2001; 
Ex. 2038). 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. 
Principles of Law 
In an inter partes review, “the petitioner has the burden from the onset 
to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.” 
Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review petitions to 
identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the grounds for the 
challenge to each claim”)). This burden never shifts to Patent Owner. 
Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 
 
13 Rajeeva Singh, et al., US 2010/0129314 A1, published May 27, 2010 
(Ex. 1008, “Singh”). 
14 Sunil Bhakta et al., US 2011/0301334 A1, published December 8, 2011 
(Ex. 1011, “Bhakta”). 
15 Robert A. Snow et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,414,135, issued May 9, 1995 
(Ex. 1010, “Snow”). 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
13 
(Fed. Cir. 2015). To prevail, Petitioner must demonstrate unpatentability by 
a preponderance of the evidence. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). 
Anticipation under 35 U.S.C. § 102 requires that a prior art reference 
set forth each and every element of a claim as set forth in the claim. 
Verdegaal Bros. v. Union Oil Co., 814 F.2d 628, 631 (Fed. Cir. 1987); 
see also Net MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1371 (Fed. Cir. 
2008) (anticipation not only requires that each element of a claim be present 
in a prior art reference, but also the arrangement or combination of those 
elements as claimed). 
A claim is unpatentable as obvious under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the 
differences between the subject matter sought to be patented and the prior art 
are such that the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the 
time the invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to 
which said subject matter pertains. 35 U.S.C. § 103(a); see also KSR Int’l 
Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness 
is resolved based on underlying factual determinations including: (1) the 
scope and content of the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed 
subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and 
(4) any objective indicia of nonobviousness.16 Graham v. John Deere Co., 
383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). An obviousness determination requires finding a 
reason to combine accompanied by a reasonable expectation of achieving 
what is claimed in the challenged patent. Intelligent Bio-Sys., Inc. v. 
Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2016). “[A]ny 
need or problem known in the field of endeavor at the time of invention and 
 
16 Patent Owner does not assert objective indicia supporting nonobviousness 
of the challenged claims. See generally Resp. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
14 
addressed by the patent can provide a reason for combining the elements in 
the manner claimed.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 419–20. 
B. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
We consider the grounds of unpatentability in view of the 
understanding of a person of ordinary skill in the art (sometimes abbreviated 
herein as “POSA”) at the time of the invention. Graham, 383 U.S. at 17–18. 
Petitioner alleges that an ordinarily skilled artisan of the ’682 patent 
would have had . . . a PhD degree in organic chemistry, 
biochemistry, medicinal chemistry and/or pharmacology, along 
with 1-2 years of relevant applied research and/or industry 
experience in the field of linkers and conjugates for biologically 
active molecules. Alternatively, a POSA would have had a 
Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in one of these same fields with, 
respectively, at least 3-5 or 5-7 years work experience. 
. . . Such a person would have been familiar with 
protein/drug conjugates, including antibody-drug conjugates, the 
use of antibodies to selectively target cells and tissues associated 
with various diseases and conditions, linker design and selective 
attachment of the linker to proteins/antibodies and drugs, 
including targeted release of the drugs, as well as the need for 
water soluble conjugates for use with hydrophobic drugs, and 
methods for enhancing the potency of the protein/antibody-drug 
conjugates. 
Pet. 18–19 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 23, 44–79). 
Patent Owner adopts Petitioner’s definition. Resp. 17 (citing Pet. 18–
19). 
We adopt Petitioner’s proposed level of ordinary skill in the art 
because it is consistent with the cited prior art and is undisputed on this 
record. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) 
(indicating that the prior art itself may reflect an appropriate skill level). 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
15 
Based on his statement of qualifications, we find Petitioner’s 
declarant, Dr. Chari, is qualified to provide technical opinions regarding the 
perspective of a person of ordinary skill in the art. See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 4–12 
(Dr. Chari’s statement of qualifications). 
Based on her statement of qualifications, we find Petitioner’s 
declarant, Dr. Baker, is qualified to provide technical opinions regarding the 
perspective of a person of ordinary skill related to the limited subjects about 
which she is called to testify, namely “various techniques used in relation to 
cell-binding research and studies.” See Ex. 1075 ¶¶ 4–8 (Dr. Baker’s 
statement of qualifications). 
Finally, based on his statement of qualifications, we find Patent 
Owner’s declarant, Dr. Tumey, is qualified to provide technical opinions 
regarding the perspective of a person of ordinary skill in the art. See Ex. 
2001 ¶¶ 6–13 (Dr. Tumey’s statement of qualifications). 
C. 
Claim Interpretation 
In AIA proceedings we interpret a claim “using the same claim 
construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a civil 
action under 35 U.S.C. 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). Under this standard, 
we construe the claim “in accordance with the ordinary and customary 
meaning of such claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and 
the prosecution history pertaining to the patent.” Id.; see also Phillips v. 
AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–19 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 
In the Institution Decision, we construed the terms “Y,” “Z,” “Q,” and 
“T” as well as the term “cell-binding agent.” Inst. Dec. 16–21. The parties 
provide arguments for the terms “Y” and “cell-binding agent,” which we 
address below. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
16 
 
“Y” (claims 1, 20, 29–30 and dependent claims) 
Claim 1 recites “A hydrophilic linker of formula (I) . . . wherein Y 
represents a functional group that enables reaction of the hydrophilic linker 
with a cell-binding agent.” Ex. 1001, 1:22–32. Thus, we know from the 
claim language that “Y” is “a functional group that “enables reaction of the 
hydrophilic linker with a cell-binding agent.” The parties’ primary 
disagreement regards the meaning of the term “enable” as it applies to Y’s 
function, namely whether Y must enable of the hydrophilic linker with a 
cell-binding agent alone or can act in concert with another claim element. 
We summarize the parties’ positions before construing this term. 
 
Patent Owner’s Response arguments 
Patent Owner summarizes its position by stating that “the construction 
of ‘Y’ turns on whether the claimed ‘Y’ must by itself be a functional group 
that independently enables reaction with a cell-binding agent.” Resp. 19 
(emphasis omitted). According to Patent Owner, “the plain claim language 
requires that ‘Y’ alone ‘represents a functional group that enables reaction,’” 
which means Y enables the reaction, not a combination of Y with another 
claim element, such as Q or T. Id. (emphasis omitted). 
Specifically, Patent Owner asserts that the claims themselves support 
Patent Owner’s position because “the claims that recite ‘Y’ each expressly 
define ‘Y’ as ‘a functional group that enables reaction’ of the hydrophilic 
linker (claim 1), or the compound (claims 20, 29, 30), with a cell-binding 
agent, without referring to any other claim element to enable that reaction.” 
Resp. 19–20 (citing Ex. 1002, 1:31–32, 4:12–13, 9:64–65, 11:2–3) 
(emphasis omitted). According to Patent Owner, “[t]he claim language thus 
requires that Y itself be a functional group that independently enables the 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
17 
reaction with a cell-binding agent” and that a functional group unable to do 
so would not satisfy the claim’s requirement of Y. Id. at 20 (citing Ex. 2038 
¶¶ 138–141). Patent Owner contends that testimony by Petitioner’s expert, 
Dr. Chari, indicates that he agrees. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 25–26). 
Patent Owner further notes how Y is used in claimed Formulas I and 
IV, which each depict Y at an end of a linker, adjacent to R1 (which “can be 
absent or a non-reactive alkyl group, among others”), and which in turn is 
“adjacent to ‘Q’ (or ‘T’, if Q and R2 are both absent).” Resp. 20–21 (citing 
Ex. 2038 ¶ 141). Patent Owner contends that the claims recite linkers as 
separate and distinct elements from Y, not that Y and one of these elements 
“enables reaction” with the cell-binding agent. Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 1002, 
1:22–34, 4:3–15, 9:55–67, 10:60–11:5; Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 111, 139–140). To 
further support this position, Patent Owner cites case law regarding how 
separate elements of a claim are considered distinct components of an 
invention. Id. at 21–22 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 138–141). 
Patent Owner argues that its position is also supported by the 
Specification, which “consistently and repeatedly defines Y as ‘a functional 
group that enables reaction’ with a cell-binding agent.” Resp. 22 (citing Ex. 
1001, 3:12–13, 4:14–15, 8:21–22). According to Patent Owner, “[t]he 
specification describes the Y functional group as specifically attracted to and 
independently reactive with certain chemical groups present in a cell-binding 
agent and provides examples of reactive functional groups as Y.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1001, 8:61–67, 13:51–63, 14:8–10; Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 142–144). Patent 
Owner contends that “[n]othing in the specification redefines or alters the 
plain meaning of the claims requiring that ‘Y’ by itself be a functional group 
that independently enables reaction with a cell-binding agent,” “none of the 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
18 
compounds from the patent’s figures relied upon by the Board in instituting 
review had vinyl alone as Y,” and “[t]he vinyl alone is Z, as it is linked to a 
drug, not reacted with a cell-binding agent.” Id. at 22–23 (citing Inst. Dec. 
6–7). 
Patent Owner also addresses the prosecution history for the ’682 
patent. According to Patent Owner, “[t]here is no clear and unmistakable 
prosecution disclaimer of the ‘Y’ term.” Resp. 23. First, Patent Owner 
addresses the prosecution of the ’682 patent by contending that, “when 
describing the rejection over Lees, the Examiner and the Applicant mapped 
‘Z’ to vinyl, but never mapped ‘Y’ to vinyl” and instead mapped the entirety 
of an NHS ester group to Y. Id. (citing Ex. 1018, 42–43, 62; Ex. 2038 
¶ 145) (emphasis omitted). Patent Owner asserts this mapping of vinyl to 
“Z” does not disclaim or alter the meaning of “Y,” which is a different claim 
term. Id. at 23–24 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 145–146; Ex. 1002, 1:31–32, 1:40–
45; Ex. 1001, 8:61–67, 9:1–7; Ex. 2037, 15:23–16:3, 22:4–9, 33:6–14). 
According to Patent Owner, “allowing Y to be mapped to only vinyl 
of a vinyl sulfone, without sulfone, would render claim 1 anticipated by two 
other compounds expressly disclosed in Lees” and “Petitioner’s construction 
of ‘Y’—where vinyl alone may be mapped to Y—would improperly 
construe the claims ‘as encompassing the prior art that was . . . disclaimed 
during prosecution.’” Resp. 24 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 132). Patent Owner also 
asserts that its construction does not exclude embodiments of the ’682 
patent. Id. at 24–25 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 147–148; Ex. 1018, 59) (alteration 
in original). 
Patent Owner further addresses the reexamination history for the ’682 
patent. Specifically, Patent Owner asserts that the Examiner’s intention 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
19 
regarding claim 3 when rejecting it during reexamination is ambiguous or 
amenable to multiple reasonable interpretations because claim 3 does not 
recite “Y.”17 Resp. 25–26. 
In addition, Patent Owner argues that both extrinsic evidence 
regarding the meaning of “functional group” and Dr. Chari’s deposition 
testimony support its position that Y as a functional group must act 
independently. Resp. 26–28 (citing Ex. 2037, 10:5–11, 19:15–21:3, 21:11–
22:9, 48:6–49:12, 52:5–53:1; Ex. 2042; Ex. 2043; Ex. 2044; Ex. 2045; Ex. 
2038 ¶¶ 150–152). 
 
Petitioner’s arguments 
Petitioner asserts that the DRP Decision dictates our construction for 
Y, Z, Q, and T and that the DRP’s finding regarding vinyl sulfone meeting Q 
and Y should be maintained for purposes of the final decision.18 Reply 1–4. 
Petitioner further argues that Z is commensurate with Y but the claims 
define Z more narrowly than Y because the claims do not require a specific 
bond type for Z. Id. at 4–5. 
 
17 Petitioner cited this rejection in its Request for Rehearing of the first 
Institution Decision (Request 12). 
18 In the Institution Decision after remand, we considered the parties’ 
arguments and adopted the DRP’s reasoning for claim 1 that “when there is 
a terminal vinyl sulfone, Y (or Z) is mapped to vinyl, and Q (or T) is 
mapped to sulfone, such that there must be at least one additional 
phosphinate, sulfonyl, or sulfoxide group as Q (or T)” and that, “when the 
hydrophilic linker contains a vinyl sulfone group, we determine that the 
vinyl group should be mapped to Y or Z, and the sulfone group should be 
mapped to Q or T.” Inst. Dec. 17 (citing DRP Dec. 16). We further 
determined that this interpretation and understanding regarding vinyl sulfone 
should apply to the remaining independent claims (“i.e., that the sulfone 
should be mapped to Q or T and the vinyl should be mapped to Y or Z”). Id. 
at 18–19. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
20 
Petitioner contends the Specification supports Q and Y being met by 
vinyl sulfone because: 
The specification discloses Formulas I-IV, with Formula I 
covering the linker still possessing Y and Z groups, i.e., before 
the linker has reacted with either a drug or a CBA; Formula III 
covering the linker partially reacted to link with a CBA but not 
yet a drug; Formula IV covering the linker partially reacted to 
link with a drug but not yet a CBA; and Formula II covering the 
linker fully reacted to be linked with a CBA and a drug at 
opposite ends. 
Reply 5 (citing Ex. 1001, 3:1–4:35). In view of this, Petitioner argues that 
one of ordinary skill in the art, having read the ’682 patent Specification, 
would conclude that it discloses that Formula I’s linkers are used to create 
the molecules of Formulas III–IV, which in turn are used to create Formula 
II’s conjugates. Id. at 5–6 (citing Ex. 1076 ¶ 4; Ex. 1063, 89:9–90:18). 
According to Petitioner, Patent Owner’s construction for Y would result in a 
linker having a terminal vinyl sulfone group for attachment to a cell-binding 
agent, which would not meet the linker of claim 1 (Formula I) but would fall 
within the scope of claim 3 (Formula II). Id. at 6–7 (citing Resp. 14–15; Ex. 
1063, 90:8–101:4). 
Petitioner further cites the prosecution history of the ’682 patent to 
support its position. Specifically, Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner is 
incorrect in arguing that Y was not mapped to a vinyl group because this 
occurred during a rejection of claim 20 in view of WO ’497 during 
reexamination. See Reply 8–9 (citing Ex. 1019, 9–10). According to 
Petitioner, the Applicant reiterated and acknowledged the Examiner’s 
mapping of vinyl to Y and then addressed this by amending claim 20 to 
require that when Q or T is sulfone, Y must be selected from a Markush 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
21 
group that excluded vinyl. Id. at 9–10 (citing Ex. 1019, 51, 63–65, 74–75; 
Ex. 1002, 4:62–5:2). Petitioner likens this situation with the one considered 
by the DRP (DRP Dec. 11) because “the Applicant understood that Y was 
mapped to the vinyl of WO ’497 . . . and subsequently provided a disclaimer 
equal in scope to its amendments to claim 20 to avoid vinyl sulfone 
altogether.” Id. at 10 (emphases omitted). Petitioner argues that “[t]his 
amendment would have been wholly unnecessary had Applicant intended 
that ‘Y’ not encompass the vinyl of a vinyl sulfone.” Id. 
Petitioner also cites the rejection of claim 3 during reexamination, in 
which vinyl sulfone was mapped to Q and Y together, and the Applicant 
repeated the Examiner’s mapping. Reply 10 (citing Ex. 1019, 12–13). 
Petitioner contends that the Applicant distinguished claim 3 based on R2 but 
this “exchange makes it clear that the Applicant—not the Examiner—again 
mapped Y to the vinyl group of vinyl sulfone” and the Applicant did not 
protest this mapping, or “identify any disclaimer limiting the scope of Y.” 
Id. at 11. 
 
Patent Owner’s Sur-reply arguments 
Patent Owner responds by arguing that the DRP Decision does not 
dictate the post-institution construction of Y because it was based on a 
limited pre-institution record and the Board is not bound by its Institution 
Decision. Sur-reply 1–2. According to Patent Owner, its proposed 
construction for Y is consistent with the DRP’s analysis because “[t]he DRP 
concluded that compounds 75 and 138 of the ’682 patent fall within claim 1” 
and Patent Owner’s “proposed construction of ‘Y’ does not exclude such 
compounds from claim 1.” Id. at 2 (citing DRP Dec. 11, 13, 15; Ex. 2038 
¶¶ 147–148). Patent Owner further asserts that the DRP observed mapping 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
22 
of Z to vinyl during prosecution “but never once found ‘Y’ mapped to vinyl” 
and its construction is consistent with prosecution statements mapping “‘Z’ 
to vinyl, and ‘Y’ to a reactive functional group, such as NHS ester or vinyl 
sulfone, which independently enables reaction with a CBA.” Id. at 2–3 
(citing DRP Dec. 13–15; Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 128–136, 145–149). Patent Owner 
contends that, although the DRP stated that the vinyl group should be 
mapped to Y or Z and sulfone mapped to Q or T and would satisfy the 
“enable reaction” and “enable linkage” limitations of claim 1, the DRP did 
not separately analyze or construe Y in view of the specification or 
prosecution history. Id. at 3. 
Patent Owner further asserts that case law regarding separately listed 
claim elements being separate and distinct applies. Sur-reply 3–6. As part 
of this argument, Patent Owner argues that, “when discussing the rejection 
over Lees, the Applicant mapped ‘Y’ to the entire reactive NHS ester group, 
and ‘Q (or T)’ to a separate sulfone” and “[n]othing in the prosecution 
history suggests that the reactive ‘Y’ functional group that enables reaction 
with a CBA may be divided and mapped partly to Q.” Id. at 5–6 (citing Ex. 
2038 ¶¶ 129–131). 
Patent Owner reiterates its argument that the claim language requires 
Y to independently enable reaction with a cell-binding agent. Sur-reply 6. 
Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s argument relating Y to Z, asserting that 
the claims define these terms differently and the Specification demonstrates 
that Z is broader than Y. Id. at 6–7 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 63–66, 111, 139–
141, 143–144; Ex. 1063, 15:11–16:3, 18:7–21; Ex. 1001, 8:61–67, 9:1–7; 
Ex. 2046, 89:2–97:19). Patent Owner also disagrees with Petitioner’s 
assertion regarding Formulas I–IV of the ’682 patent, arguing that “claim 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
23 
scope is defined by the claim language, not the specification,” “[e]ach claim 
sets forth its own requirements for the claimed formula,” and that “a linker 
outside the scope of claim 1 may indeed form a conjugate that falls within 
the scope of claim 3.” Id. at 7–8 (citing Ex. 1002, 1:22–2:13, 2:14–4:2). 
Patent Owner also repeats its contention that Petitioner’s 
“construction would lead to the nonsensical result that claim 1 would be 
anticipated by Lees, a reference both the Examiner and the Applicant 
specifically considered during prosecution.” Sur-reply 8 (citing Ex. 1018, 
42–43, 62). 
With regard to prosecution history, Patent Owner argues that the 
Examiner and the Applicant mapped vinyl to Z and the entirety of an NHS 
ester to Y during examination. Sur-reply 8–9 (citing Ex. 1018, 42–43, 62; 
Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 129–131). For the rejection of claim 20 during reexamination, 
Patent Owner asserts that it was the Examiner who mapped vinyl to Y and 
that the Applicant did not agree to the Examiner mapping vinyl to Y but 
“instead stated that claim 20, as amended, recites a list of functional groups” 
that each independently enabled reaction with a cell-binding agent and “[t]he 
patentee then stated that ‘Y … does not encompass a vinyl group.’” Id. at 9 
(citing Ex. 1019, 9–10, 63, 75; Ex. 1001, 8:61–67) (second alteration in 
original). According to Patent Owner, the Applicant’s statement “makes 
clear that Y does not include a vinyl group” and does not “constitute a clear 
and unmistakable disclaimer to broaden the plain and ordinary meaning of ‘a 
functional group that enables reaction … with a [CBA]’ to include an 
unreactive vinyl group.” Id. at 9–10 (citing H. Lundbeck A/S v. Lupin Ltd., 
87 F.4th 1361, 1374 (Fed. Cir. 2023); 3M Innovative Props. Co. v. Tredegar 
Corp., 725 F.3d 1315, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 2013); 3M Innovative Props. Co. v. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
24 
Avery Dennison Corp., 350 F.3d 1365, 1373–74 (Fed. Cir. 2003)) 
(alterations in original). 
With regard to the rejection of claim 3 during reexamination, Patent 
Owner reiterates that claim 3 does not recite Y and remarks made in 
response to claim 3’s rejection “are at best ‘amenable to multiple reasonable 
interpretations’ and cannot constitute a clear and unmistakable disclaimer to 
alter the plain-and-ordinary meaning of Y.” Sur-reply 11. 
 
Analysis 
We begin our analysis of the evidence regarding the interpretation of 
“Y” by first considering the language of the claims. See Phillips, 415 F.3d 
at 1314 (“[T]he claims themselves provide substantial guidance as to the 
meaning of particular claim terms.”). As noted above, Patent Owner asserts 
that the claims support Patent Owner’s position that Y itself must 
independently enable reaction with a cell-binding agent because “the claims 
that recite ‘Y’ each expressly define ‘Y’ as ‘a functional group that enables 
reaction’ of the hydrophilic linker (claim 1), or the compound (claims 20, 
29, 30), with a cell-binding agent, without referring to any other claim 
element to enable that reaction.” Resp. 19–20 (citing Ex. 1002, 1:31–32, 
4:12–13, 9:64–65, 11:2–3) (emphasis omitted). 
As argued by Patent Owner, claim 1 recites that “Y represents a 
functional group that enables reaction of the hydrophilic linker with a cell-
binding agent.” Ex. 1002, 1:31–32. Similarly, claim 20, 29, and 30 recite 
that “Y represents a functional group that enables reaction of the compound 
with a cell-binding agent.” Id. at 4:12–13, 9:64–65, 11:2–3. 
We note, however, that claims 1, 20, 29, and 30 do not expressly 
recite that Y as a functional group must enable the claimed reaction alone or 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
25 
independently, merely that Y as a functional group “enables reaction” of the 
linker or compound with a cell-binding agent. This language “enables 
reaction” does not convey independence, absent express definition connoting 
that restriction. See Optical Disc Corp. v. Del Mar Avionics, 208 F.3d 1324, 
1334, 54 USPQ2d 1289, 1295 (Fed. Cir. 2000) (“Without evidence in the 
patent specification of an express intent to impart a novel meaning to a claim 
term, the term takes on its ordinary meaning.”) In this regard, we do not 
view the extrinsic evidence definitions provided by Patent Owner (see Resp. 
26–28 (citing Ex. 2037, 10:5–11, 19:15–21:3, 21:11–22:9, 48:6–49:12, 
52:5–53:1; Ex. 2042; Ex. 2043; Ex. 2044; Ex. 2045; Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 150–152)) 
as overcoming the Specification’s need to expressly define Y as acting 
independently, to achieve Patent Owner’s proposed definition. Rather, we 
find that “enables reaction” could encompass instances where Y as a 
functional group works in concert with something else (e.g., another 
component of the linker or compound) to permit the reaction to occur. In 
this manner, Y would be assisting the reaction to occur, but not 
accomplishing the reaction alone or independently. 
We next turn to the testimony of the witnesses about the meaning of Y 
in the challenged claims. Patent Owner cites Dr. Tumey’s testimony (see 
Resp. 20), which mirrors Patent Owner’s arguments that “enables reaction” 
means that Y alone or independently causes the reaction with a cell-binding 
agent (Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 138–139), the claims recite distinct components, and Y 
does not require other components to enable the reaction (id. ¶ 140). This 
testimony is conclusory in nature and does not sufficiently explain why one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have understood Y’s functional group to act 
alone or independently to enable the claimed reaction with a cell-binding 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
26 
agent. Therefore, we accord Dr. Tumey’s testimony little weight for this 
issue. “Expert testimony that does not disclose the underlying facts or data 
on which the opinion is based is entitled to little or no weight.” 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.65(a); Ashland Oil, Inc. v. Delta Resins & Refractories, Inc., 776 F.2d 
281, 294 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (“Opinion testimony rendered by experts must be 
given consideration, and while not controlling, generally is entitled to some 
weight. Lack of factual support for expert opinion going to factual 
determinations, however, may render the testimony of little probative value 
in a validity determination.” (citations omitted)); see also Xerox Corp. v. 
Bytemark, Inc., IPR2022-00624, Paper 9 (Aug. 24, 2022) (precedential) 
(holding declarant’s testimony is entitled to little weight when it contains an 
exact restatement of the petition’s unsupported, conclusory assertions 
without any additional supporting evidence or reasoning). 
Patent Owner also cites a portion of Dr. Chari’s testimony as 
supporting its position. See Resp. 20, citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 25–26). Patent 
Owner alleges that Dr. Chari’s statement “agrees” with Patent Owner’s 
position that “[a] functional group that is unable to enable that reaction 
would not satisfy the claims’ requirement of ‘Y’”. Id. Patent Owner’s 
reading of Dr. Chari’s explanatory background statements about Y as his 
complete opinion is a strained interpretation that contradicts. Dr. Chari’s 
later – quite clear – testimony that Y can be a component that acts in concert 
with another, e.g., vinyl and sulfone, to enable the claimed reaction with a 
cell-binding agent. See, e.g., Ex. 1003 ¶ 83. Like Dr. Tumey’s conclusory 
testimony above, paragraphs 25 and 26 of Dr. Chari’s testimony, which 
provide background information restating the claim limitations, should be 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
27 
accorded little weight with regard to interpreting Y’s enablement function as 
a whole. 
Specifically with regard to whether vinyl could act as limitation Y, 
both experts testified that vinyl could not act independently, and relied upon 
sulfone to enable connection of an antibody to a linker. When deposed and 
questioned about whether vinyl would enable linkage via a thioether bond, 
Petitioner’s expert Dr. Chari stated, “No. Vinyl won't react unless there is 
some reactivating thing. It doesn’t react by itself. You would have 
something else other than vinyl.” Ex. 2037, 19:20–22. Dr. Chari further 
stated that vinyl needs to have something next to it, such as sulfone, so that 
vinyl is reactive. Id. at 20:1–7; 21:20–22:9. 
Dr. Chari’s testimony comports with that of Dr. Tumey, who explains 
that a conjugation moiety, which is a “structure[] on the two terminal ends of 
the linker that enable[s] reaction with, or linkage to, a reactive site on the 
antibody or a reactive site on the drug . . . typically requires chemical 
functional groups that enable a reaction with the antibody or drug to form a 
covalent bond.” Ex. 2038 ¶ 59 (citing Ex. 2012, 523). Without such a 
moiety, “the conjugation reaction will not take place, a covalent bond will 
not form, and the linker will not attach to the antibody or drug, 
respectively.” Id. Dr. Tumey opines that Y, which “enables reaction” in 
claim 1, cannot be vinyl alone because “vinyl itself is not a reactive 
functional group that would enable the reaction,” because vinyl cannot serve 
as the conjugation moiety alone, whereas vinyl sulfone can. Id. ¶¶ 63–65; 
see also Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 51–53 (“vinyl requires the presence of sulfone or 
another strong electron withdrawing group linked to the vinyl to become 
reactive and enable a conjugation reaction with an antibody.”). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
28 
This testimony from Dr. Tumey, relied on by Patent Owner (see Resp. 
20), mirrors Patent Owner’s arguments that “enables reaction” means that Y 
alone or independently causes the reaction with a cell-binding agent (Ex. 
2038 ¶¶ 138–139), the claims recite distinct components, and Y does not 
require other components to enable the reaction (id. ¶ 140). Like Patent 
Owner’s arguments, Dr. Tumey’s testimony is conclusory in nature and does 
not sufficiently explain why one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood Y’s functional group to act alone or independently to enable the 
claimed reaction with a cell-binding agent. Therefore, we accord Dr. 
Tumey’s testimony little weight for this issue. “Expert testimony that does 
not disclose the underlying facts or data on which the opinion is based is 
entitled to little or no weight.” 37 C.F.R. § 42.65(a); Ashland Oil, Inc. v. 
Delta Resins & Refractories, Inc., 776 F.2d 281, 294 (Fed. Cir. 1985) 
(“Opinion testimony rendered by experts must be given consideration, 
and while not controlling, generally is entitled to some weight. Lack of 
factual support for expert opinion going to factual determinations, however, 
may render the testimony of little probative value in a validity 
determination.” (citations omitted)); see also Xerox Corp. v. Bytemark, Inc., 
IPR2022-00624, Paper 9 (August 24, 2022) (designated: February 10, 2023) 
(holding declaration’s testimony is entitled to little weight when it contains 
an exact restatement of the petition’s unsupported, conclusory assertions 
without any additional supporting evidence or reasoning). The portion of 
Dr. Chari’s testimony that Patent Owner points to as supporting its position 
(see Resp. 20) is an explanation that repeats claim terms without opining 
upon the meaning or scope of those terms. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 25–26. For the 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
29 
same reasons, we accord this portion of Dr. Chari’s testimony little weight 
with regard to interpreting Y. 
Finally, Patent Owner cites Formulas I and IV, one of which is recited 
by each of claims 1, 20, 29, and 30, and contends that the Formulas include 
the intervening structure R1 between Y and Q as evidence that Y must act 
alone. Resp. 20–21. However, Patent Owner and its expert both 
acknowledge that the claims permit R1 to be absent. Id.; Ex. 2038 ¶ 141. 
We view the issue of whether the claims themselves indicate that Y 
alone or independently enables reaction of a linker or compound with a cell-
binding agent to be a close one. However, given the apparent nature of vinyl 
when backed by sulfone (such as in a vinyl sulfone group), which is utilized 
by the claimed compounds to enable the stated reactions, along with the lack 
of express claim language or supporting evidence indicating that Y should 
be construed according to Patent Owner’s position, we do not view the 
language of the claims as clearly resolving the question of whether Y is 
limited to functional groups that enable the claimed reaction alone or 
independently. We thus to turn to other intrinsic evidence for additional 
insight. “In determining the meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we 
look principally to the intrinsic evidence of record, examining the claim 
language itself, the written description, and the prosecution history, if in 
evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 
1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–1317). 
We begin with the Specification of the ’682 patent. As noted above, 
Patent Owner asserts that the ’682 patent’s Specification “consistently and 
repeatedly defines Y as ‘a functional group that enables reaction’ with a cell-
binding agent,” “describes the Y functional group as specifically attracted to 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
30 
and independently reactive with certain chemical groups present in a cell-
binding agent and provides examples of reactive functional groups as Y,” 
does not otherwise redefine or alter the plain meaning of the claims. Resp. 
22–23. Further, “none of the compounds from the patent’s figures relied 
upon by the Board in instituting review had vinyl alone as Y.” Id. 
The passages of the ’682 patent’s Specification cited by Patent Owner 
merely restate the claim language for Y or provide examples of functional 
groups that may function as Y without stating that Y must alone or 
independently enable the claimed reaction, as Patent Owner asserts. Ex. 
1001, 3:12–13, 4:14–15, 8:21–22, 8:61–67, 13:51–63, 14:8–10. To the 
extent a cited example is a functional group that would enable the claimed 
reaction alone or independently, we do not view this as indicating that Y is 
limited to such embodiments, and we decline to import an embodiment from 
the Specification into the claims. 3M Innovative Props. v. Tredegar Corp., 
725 F.3d at 1321 (“While we construe the claims in light of the specification, 
limitations discussed in the specification may not be read into the claims.”). 
As discussed above, the cited testimony by Dr. Tumey mirrors Patent 
Owner’s arguments (Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 138–142) and Dr. Tumey’s opinions on the 
issue of Y’s independence are conclusory and entitled to little weight (supra 
25–26). Dr. Tumey also considers a description regarding further examples 
and the guidance that one of ordinary skill in the art would be able to 
determine which linker to use based upon the reactivity of a functional group 
on a cell-binding agent before concluding that one of ordinary skill in the art 
“would understand that only reactive functional groups that enable reaction 
of the linker with a ‘cell-binding agent’ fall within the scope of Y and that Y 
is distinct from the other linker components” and “Y, not Q or T, is claimed 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
31 
and described in the specification as ‘a functional group that enables 
reaction.’” Ex. 2038 ¶ 144. This testimony is also conclusory in nature and 
largely relies upon the language of the claims to reason that Y’s functional 
group must enable the claimed reaction. As indicated above, this meaning 
does not appear to be clear from this language alone. Further, to the extent 
the cited examples include functional groups that enable the claimed 
reaction alone or independently, we discern no indication that Y should be 
limited to such functional groups and decline to import such embodiments 
into the claims. 
For these reasons, Patent Owner’s arguments and cited evidence also 
do not indicate that the ’682 Specification indicates that Y should be 
construed in the manner Patent Owner asserts. 
We next consider the prosecution history for the ’682 patent.19 We 
find the rejection of claim 20 during reexamination of the ’682 patent most 
relevant on this issue. Specifically, the reexamination Examiner rejected 
claim 20 as anticipated by WO ’497 and provided the following mapping of 
claim 20 to WO ’497’s compound: 
 
19 We note that, because we have concluded above that the meaning of 
limitation Y was not apparent from the plain language of the claims alone, 
this is not a situation where “the prosecution history must meet the standard 
of clear and unmistakable disclaimer for overcoming [a limitation’s] 
otherwise-plain meaning” and therefore we need not decide whether that 
standard is met here. See U. of Mass., 36 F.4th at 1383. As a result, we 
need not address Patent Owner’s arguments regarding the lack of disclaimer 
for Y. See Resp. 23–26; Sur-reply 8–11. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
32 
 
Ex. 1019, 9–10. In this mapping, the Examiner alleged that the vinyl sulfone 
of WO ’497’s compound mapped to claim 20 such that its vinyl portion 
mapped to Y and sulfone portion to Q. Id. 
At the time of the rejection, claim 20 included the limitation “Y 
represents a functional group that enables reaction of the compound with a 
cell-binding agent.” Ex. 1019, 50. This is exactly the same limitation claim 
20 had at re-issue, which is the same language as the Y limitations in claims 
1, 29, and 30. Ex. 1002, 1:31–32, 4:12–13, 9:64–65, 11:2–3. 
The Applicant responded to the Examiner’s rejection of claim 20 by 
repeating the Examiner’s mapping of WO ’497’s compound to claim 20, as 
shown in the diagram below: 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
33 
 
Ex. 1019, 75. Reproduced above is the Examiner’s annotated diagram 
indicating mapping of claim 20 to the WO ’497 prior art. Id. When 
presented with this mapping of vinyl to Y and sulfone to Q, the Applicant 
did not take the position Patent Owner now asserts and argue that the vinyl 
of vinyl sulfone cannot be mapped to Y in this manner because vinyl is not a 
functional group that alone or independently “enables reaction,” as claim 20 
recites. 
Instead, the Applicant amended claim 20 to avoid the Examiner’s 
rejection over WO ’497’s compound and its vinyl sulfone group. 
Specifically, the Applicant added the following limitation to claim 20: 
when (i) O is -S(O2)-, m is 1, and n is 0, or (ii) T is -S(O2)-, n is 
1 and m is 0, Y is an N-hydroxysuccinimide (NHS) ester, p-
nitrophenyl ester, dinitrophenyl ester, pentafluorophenyl ester, 
pyridyldisulfide, nitropyridyldisulfide, maleimide, haloacetate, 
carboxylic acid chloride, hydrazide or hydroxylamine. 
Ex. 1019, 51. In its response to the rejection, the Applicant cited this newly 
added limitation after acknowledging the Examiner’s mapping of WO ’497’s 
compound to claim 20: 
On the other hand, claim 20 of the present patent, as 
amended, recites that “when (i) Q is -S(O2)-, m is 1, and n is 0, 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
34 
or (ii) T is -S(O2)-, n is 1 and m is 0, Y is an N-
hydroxysuccinimide 
(NHS) 
ester, 
p-nitrophenyl 
ester, 
dinitrophenyl ester, pentafluorophenyl ester, pyridyldisulfide, 
nitropyridyldisulfide, maleimide, haloacetate, carboxylic acid 
chloride, hydrazide or hydroxylamine,” which does not 
encompass a vinyl group. 
Id. at 75. 
In response to the Applicant’s amendment, the Examiner stated in an 
Interview Summary “the proposed amendment to claim 20 now includes a 
proviso that excludes the instant Y variable from being represented by a 
vinyl moiety i.e., -CH=CH2. For these additional reasons, WO’497 is not 
relevant to the proposed claims.” Ex. 1019, 88 (emphasis added). The 
Examiner withdrew the rejection of claim 20 over WO ’497 in a subsequent 
Office Action. Id. at 94. 
We consider the patent’s prosecution history as intrinsic evidence. As 
stated in the Institution Decision after remand, “the prosecution history can 
often inform the meaning of the claim language by demonstrating how the 
inventor understood the invention.” Inst. Dec. 18 (quoting Phillips, 415 
F.3d at 1317). Further, “[t]he prosecution history, in particular, ‘may be 
critical in interpreting disputed claim terms,’” and “even where ‘prosecution 
history statements do not rise to the level of unmistakable disavowal, they do 
inform the claim construction.’” U. of Mass. v. L’Oréal S.A., 36 F.4th 1374, 
1379 (Fed. Cir. 2022) (quoting Personalized Media Commc’ns, LLC v. 
Apple Inc., 952 F.3d 1336, 1340 (Fed. Cir. 2020)). 
We view this situation as analogous to the one in Qualcomm Inc. v. 
Intel Corp., No. 2023-1710, 2025 WL 289503 (Fed. Cir. Jan. 24, 2025) 
(non-precedential). In Qualcomm, the Federal Circuit determined that the 
specification of a patent challenged in an inter partes review did not provide 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
35 
adequate guidance for a disputed claim term. Id. at *2. The Federal Circuit 
then turned to the prosecution history, stating “[p]rosecution history can 
illuminate a term’s meaning even when the patentee has not explicitly made 
relevant disclaimers.” Id. at *3 (quoting Personalized Media Commc’ns, 
LLC, 952 F.3d at 1340). The Federal Circuit also stated that “[p]rosecution 
history can be telling about how a patentee expects a relevant artisan to 
understand a term, even if what a relevant artisan is expected to infer about a 
term’s scope points in the direction of broadening rather than narrowing.” 
Id. (citing Honeywell Inc. v. Victor Co. of Japan, 298 F.3d 1317, 1323–24 
(Fed. Cir. 2002)). The Federal Circuit determined that the Office rejected 
the challenged patent claims as anticipated by a reference and, “[i]n doing 
so, the examiner mapped the claim phrase ‘hardware buffer’ onto the 
intermediate storage area of [the reference]—the same component of the 
same prior art [the petitioner] now relies on as teaching the hardware buffer 
limitation in its obviousness challenge to the patent.” Id. 
The patent owner in Qualcomm argued before the Federal Circuit that 
the reference’s storage area did not meet the claimed hardware buffer 
limitation. Qualcomm, 2025 WL 289503, at *3. However, Patent Owner’s 
response to the examiner’s initial rejection “did not expressly or implicitly 
challenge the examiner’s characterization of the intermediate storage area as 
a hardware buffer; it instead modified the claims to make clear that the 
process its buffer performed was different from that of [the reference’s] 
intermediate storage area.” Id. The Federal Circuit stated that, 
[a]lthough silence on a point that arises during patent prosecution 
may not often be properly given significance . . . , in this case the 
silence is telling. [The patent owner] did not even hint, let alone 
declare, that the [the reference’s] intermediate storage area—

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
36 
undisputedly allocated at runtime—was outside its claimed 
‘hardware buffer.’” 
Id. (citing 3M Innovative Props. V, Avery Dennison Corp., 350 F.3d at 
1373–74).20 
Here, the prosecution history of the ’682 patent, particularly the 
portion regarding the rejection of claim 20 during reexamination, resolves 
this dispute regarding the scope of Y. When faced with vinyl being mapped 
to Y in view of a rejection over WO ’497’s compound, the Applicant did not 
express disagreement with the Examiner’s mapping of WO ’497’s vinyl to 
Y. Ex. 1019, 75. Nor did the Applicant assert that Y alone could not be a 
functional group that enables the claimed reaction, as Patent Owner now 
does during this proceeding. Id. Instead, the Applicant amended claim 20 to 
specifically exclude the vinyl of WO ’497’s vinyl sulfone and argued that 
the amendment overcame the rejection. Id. at 51, 75. These comments by 
the Examiner and the Applicant, in view of the rejection of claim 20 as well 
as the Applicant’s amendment, convey that the Applicant and Examiner 
understood that the vinyl of vinyl sulfone could be mapped to Y and sulfone 
could be mapped to Q, thus satisfying claim 20’s limitation that Y’s 
functional group “enables reaction” of a compound with a cell-binding 
agent. As noted above, claims 1, 29, and 30 include the same limitation. 
The Applicant’s silence in response to the Examiner’s characterization 
that vinyl functions as Y is telling. Qualcomm, 2025 WL 289503, at *3. 
 
20 Although the inter partes review of Qualcomm was conducted under the 
prior broadest reasonable interpretation standard, we do not view the Federal 
Circuit’s reasoning as being limited to proceedings conducted under that 
standard, nor do we discern reasoning in the cited case law for limiting the 
court’s reasoning to that standard. Qualcomm, 2025 WL 289503, at *3. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
37 
Between the Examiner’s understanding that vinyl functions as Y and the 
Applicant’s lack of disagreement and amendment of claim 20 to specifically 
avoid vinyl, the prosecution history is particularly informative of how one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood the scope of limitation Y. Id. 
In view of this intrinsic evidence, we construe Y of claims 1, 20, and 29–30 
as encompassing vinyl. 
“In determining the meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we look 
principally to the intrinsic evidence of record, examining the claim language 
itself, the written description, and the prosecution history, if in evidence.” 
DePuy Spine, Inc., 469 F.3d at 1014 (citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–17). 
Extrinsic evidence is “less significant than the intrinsic record in 
determining ‘the legally operative meaning of claim language.’” Phillips, 
415 F.3d at 1317 (quoting C.R. Bard, Inc. v. U.S. Surgical Corp., 388 F.3d 
858, 862 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). “In most situations, an analysis of the intrinsic 
evidence alone will resolve any ambiguity in a disputed claim term. In such 
circumstances, it is improper to rely on extrinsic evidence.” Vitronics Corp. 
v. Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1583 (Fed. Cir. 1996). For the reasons 
above, the intrinsic evidence in the record, particularly the ’682 patent’s 
prosecution history, resolves the meaning for the term Y. In particular, two 
of Applicant’s actions contradict Patent Owner’s arguments regarding 
elements of a claim being distinct from one another: 1) Applicant not 
expressly defining Y as acting alone as a functional group; and 2) the ’682 
patent’s prosecution history, in which Applicant did not argue against the 
Examiner’s mapping of Y as vinyl as discussed above. As a result, we do 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
38 
not find Patent Owner’s arguments on extrinsic evidence persuasive.21 (See 
Resp. 20–21, 26–28 (citing Ex. 2037, 10:5–11, 19:15–21:3, 21:11–22:9, 
48:6–49:12, 52:5–53:1; Ex. 2042; Ex. 2043; Ex. 2044; Ex. 2045; Ex. 2038 
¶¶ 150–152); Sur-reply 3–6). In view of the intrinsic evidence, we construe 
Y of claims 1, 20, and 29–30 as encompassing vinyl. 
 
“cell-binding agent” 
In the Institution Decision after remand, we considered the parties’ 
arguments regarding the term “cell-binding agent” and agreed with Patent 
Owner’s construction that a “cell-binding agent” should be construed as “[a] 
molecule that binds to, complexes with or reacts with a moiety of a cell 
population sought to be therapeutically or otherwise biologically modified” 
in view of the guidance provided by the ’682 patent. Inst. Dec. 19–21; Ex. 
1001, 14:42–44. Patent Owner contends that we should maintain this 
construction, which would construe the term “as the patentee defined it in 
the specification.” Resp. 28 (citing Ex. 1001, 14:39–44; Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 153–
157; Ex. 2037, 51:24–52:4). 
Patent Owner further argues that “[t]he inventor described the ‘cell-
binding agent’ based on its ability to interact with specific cell-associated 
 
21 We are unpersuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that “allowing Y to be 
mapped to only vinyl of a vinyl sulfone, without sulfone, would render claim 
1 anticipated by two other compounds expressly disclosed in Lees” and 
could improperly construe the claims as encompassing art disclaimed during 
prosecution. See Resp. 24 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 132 (alteration in original) 
(citing Ex. 2026, 20–21)). Patent Owner incorrectly identifies the two 
compounds, both heterobifunctional linkers, as falling within the subject 
matter Applicant conceded in order to obtain allowance of claim 1. See Ex. 
1018, 45–46. Here, the two compounds are homobifunctional linkers not 
falling within the disclaimed subject matter (a linker having NHS ester at 
one end and vinyl sulfone at the other end). See, e.g., DRP Dec. 10–11. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
39 
molecules (e.g., ‘a moiety of a cell population’) that are intended to be 
targeted with the claimed conjugates (e.g., ‘sought to be therapeutically or 
otherwise biologically modified’).” Resp. 28 (citing Ex. 1001, 14:43–
15:32). Patent Owner further asserts that “the specification specifies that the 
cell-binding agent-drug conjugates of the ‘present invention’ target specific 
cell populations including for therapeutic purposes.” Id. at 28–29 (citing Ex. 
1001, 1:7–9, 14:39–44). 
Patent Owner contends that “a ‘cell-binding agent’ should not be 
interpreted, as Petitioner suggests, to encompass any molecule that could 
potentially bind to cells under highly artificial conditions, such as those used 
in Straus.” Resp. 29 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 156–157). According to Patent 
Owner, “Straus discloses ‘unusual binding sites’ on cells that were 
previously dried and chemically treated with cold methanol, for an enzyme 
(HRP) that is used in the art as a reporter and not once as a cell-targeting 
agent as contemplated by the ’682 Patent.” Id. (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 82–85, 
157). 
Petitioner asserts that the “alleged definition in the specification . . . is 
not a definition of ‘cell-binding agent’ as used in the claims.” Reply 12 
(citing Ex. 1001, 14:39–44; Inst. Dec. 19–21; Resp. 28). Specifically, 
Petitioner argues that the cited passage of the specification “is directed to a 
‘cell-binding molecule,’ not cell-binding agent.” Id. According to 
Petitioner, “[a] cell-binding agent may be a part of the overall molecule, but 
when considered in the context of the ’682 patent’s Formula II, for example, 
the cell-binding agent is not itself a ‘molecule.’” Id. (citing Ex. 1063, 56:8–
12). Petitioner argues that the cited passage “indicates that the cell-binding 
molecule comprises the conjugates and modified cell-binding agents of the 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
40 
invention, which refers to the reaction products of cell-binding agents with 
other moieties such as the hydrophilic linkers of Formula I and/or a drug to 
form the conjugates/modified cell-binding agents of Formulas II-IV.” Id. 
(emphasis omitted). 
Petitioner further contends that “the purported definition refers to cell 
populations ‘sought to be therapeutically or otherwise biologically 
modified,’” which regards a user’s intention or intended function of a drug 
linked to a conjugate, not an intended effect of the cell-binding agent. Reply 
13. In view of this, Petitioner argues that, to the extent this term requires 
construction, “it should be construed in accordance with the claim language 
itself: an agent that binds to cells.” Id. 
Patent Owner responds that “[t]he specification’s lexicography 
governs the construction of ‘cell-binding agent’” and Petitioner’s “attempt to 
distinguish between ‘cell-binding molecule’ and ‘cell-binding agent’ misses 
the point.” Sur-reply 11 (citing Resp. 28–29; Ex. 1001, 14:39–44). 
According to Patent Owner, the Specification provides a clear, consistent 
definition and Petitioner’s proposed construction “would render this claim 
term overly broad and disconnected from the context of the ’682 patent.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1001, 14:39–44). 
We agree with Patent Owner’s position that the intrinsic evidence 
provided by the ’682 patent’s Specification provides the best guidance for 
interpreting the term “cell-binding agent.” We therefore maintain our 
determination that “cell-binding agent” should be construed as “[a] molecule 
that binds to, complexes with or reacts with a moiety of a cell population 
sought to be therapeutically or otherwise biologically modified.” Ex. 1001, 
14:42–44. However, we note that even if we were to adopt Petitioner’s 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
41 
construction of “an agent that binds cells,” this adoption would not alter the 
outcome of our decision on the patentability of the claims. 
D. 
Ground 3 — Alleged Obviousness over Singh or Singh in view 
of Harris 
As it is dispositive to many challenged claims, we first consider 
Petitioner’s challenge to claims 1–8, 10–12, 14–17, 20, 21, 24, 26, and 29–
31 over Singh or Singh in view of Harris. Pet. 44–70. 
 
Singh (Ex. 1008) 
Singh is titled “Potent Conjugates and Hydrophilic Linkers.” Ex. 
1008, code (54). Singh discloses modifying linkers used to bind drugs to 
cell binding agents by incorporating a PEG spacer. Id. at code (57, 
Abstract). Singh teaches a compound that includes a PEG spacer, a drug, 
and an aliphatic, aromatic, or heterocyclic group attached to the drug via a 
covalent bond (such as a thioether or amide bond), and “a reactive 
functionality that can form an amide or a thioether bond with a cell-binding 
agent.” Id. ¶¶ 9, 14. Singh describes a reactive functionality as “an amine-, 
a thiol- or a hydroxyl-reactive functionality,” and states, “[i]n other words, 
the reactive functionality can react with amine, sulfhydryl(thiol), or hydroxyl 
group present on cell-binding agent.” Id. ¶ 134. Singh further explains that 
a thiol-reactive functionality “could be a maleimide, a haloacetamide, or a 
vinyl sulfone to give a thioether bond.” Id. 
 
Independent claim 1 
Petitioner argues that Singh teaches bifunctional PEG cross-linkers 
that contain “each element of claim 1, save Q and T.” Pet. 44. Petitioner 
cites particular examples of Singh’s bifunctional PEG cross-linkers, which 
Petitioner summarizes in Table A1 (reproduced below). Id. at 13. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
42 
 
Pet. 13. Table A1, reproduced above, shows examples of Singh’s 
bifunctional PEG cross-linkers. 
Petitioner provides Table C1, reproduced below, to illustrate how 
Singh’s PEG cross-linkers meet the elements of claim 1, except for Q and T. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
43 
 
 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
44 
 
Pet. 46–47. Table C1, reproduced above, illustrates Petitioner’s view of how 
Singh’s PEG cross-linkers meet the elements of claim 1, except for Q and T. 
As in our Decision on Institution after remand, we select, as 
representative of Petitioner’s ground over Singh or Singh in view of Harris, 
compound 4 (see Tables A1 and C1 above). We first summarize Petitioner’s 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
45 
arguments regarding how the teachings of Singh or Singh in view of Harris 
relative to compound 4 teach the limitations of claim 1. 
With regard to moiety Y, Petitioner argues that Singh’s “cross linkers 
include a reactive functionality on each end of the linker,” namely a 
maleimide, iodo- or bromo-acetamide, or NHS ester group. Pet. 45 (citing 
Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 134, 136, Figs. 4, 8, 10, 13, 15, 16A). Petitioner asserts that 
“[t]hese functional groups ‘enable reaction of the hydrophilic linker with a 
cell-binding agent’ and therefore meet the definition of Y in formula (I),” as 
claim 1 recites. Id. (citing Ex. 1008 ¶ 136; Ex. 1003 ¶ 119). When 
describing Singh, Petitioner further argues that Singh describes PEG cross-
linkers in which “a drug ‘D’ is attached at one end of a PEG chain and a 
reactive functionality ‘Z’ is attached at the other end” and that the reactive 
functionality Z includes “‘thiol-reactive functionality…that could be a 
maleimide, haloacetamide, or a vinyl sulfone to form a thioether bond.’” 
Id. at 11 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 14, 16, 80, 90, 134, 136, Figs. 4, 13; Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 62–63) (alteration in original). 
Petitioner contends that the reactive functionality at the other end of 
Singh’s cross-linkers (a pyridyldisulfide, maleimide, iodo- or 
bromoacetamide, or NHS ester group) enables linkage to a cytotoxic drug 
via a disulfide, thioether, or amide bond, as claim 1 recites for moiety Z. 
Pet. 45–46 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 120, 136, Figs. 4, 6B, 8, 12–13, 15, 16B). 
With regard to claim 1’s Q and T, Petitioner asserts: 
Although Singh’s expressly shown PEG cross-linkers lack 
sulfonyl groups, Singh expressly suggests the use of vinyl 
sulfones as a thiol-reactive functionality and teaches their 
equivalence to maleimide and haloacetamides for this purpose. 
EX1008, ¶[0134]; EX1003, ¶124. Therefore, a POSA would 
have been motivated to replace one or both of the reactive 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
46 
functionalities in Singh’s bifunctional PEG cross-linkers with a 
vinyl sulfone group, resulting in Q or Q and T each being a 
sulfone group, and Y, or Y and Z, each being a vinyl group. 
EX1003, ¶125. Such substitutions, as expressly taught by Singh, 
would thereby fully satisfy claim 1’s formula I. Id. 
Pet. 48–49. 
In addition, Petitioner argues that Harris discloses a basic structure 
encompassing hydrophilic PEG derivatives comprising “one or two sulfone 
moieties that are useful for conjugating two biologically-active molecules 
(e.g., proteins, pharmaceuticals), where at least one of the biologically-active 
molecules has a reactive thiol moiety.” Pet. 41–42, 49 (citing Ex. 1007,22 
claims 33, 34, 3:28–35, 16:34–17:5, 18:5–30, 19:10–15, 19:24–30, Abstract; 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 126) (emphasis omitted). 
Petitioner argues that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have found it 
obvious to modify Singh’s linker in view of Harris’s teachings “to 
incorporate” vinyl sulfones and that the artisan would have appreciated the 
advantages provided by Harris’s sulfonyl-containing PEG derivatives, 
including their high selectivity for coupling with thiol moieties on 
molecules, and their high solubility and stability in water. Pet. 49–51 (citing 
Ex. 1007, 6:8–15, 19:37–37, 26:11–15, 28:29–34; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 128–129). 
Petitioner further contends that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
expected such a combination to successfully yield hydrophilic linkers with 
desirable functional properties. Id. at 51 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶ 134, Figs. 50–
51; Ex. 1007, 21:26–28:28; Ex. 1003 ¶ 130). 
 
22 The parties appear to refer to page numbers of Harris’s original document 
instead of page numbers of the exhibit. We do the same herein. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
47 
According to Petitioner: 
Thus, modifying the PEG-containing ADC linkers of Singh to 
include vinyl sulfones or related sulfonyl derivatives as a reactive 
functionality that can form a thioether bond with a cell-binding 
agent or drug would be expected to have comparable, if not 
higher, hydrophilicity, and such conjugates would be expected to 
exhibit the same advantageous properties (enhanced potency, 
less precipitation) already recognized by Singh for its ADC 
linkers. 
Pet. 52 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 131) (emphasis omitted). As noted above, 
Petitioner argues that Singh “expressly suggests the use of vinyl sulfones as 
a thiol-reactive functionality and teaches their equivalence to maleimide and 
haloacetamides for this purpose.” Id. at 48 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶ 134; Ex. 1003 
¶ 124). These asserted modifications, Petitioner argues, would provide the 
Q and/or T moieties of claim 1 that Singh’s compound 4 lacks prior to the 
proposed modification. 
Patent Owner asserts23 that Petitioner’s challenges for this ground are 
based on the same misunderstanding of the claims and art as the first two 
grounds. Resp. 60 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 225–242). Specifically, Patent 
Owner contends that “Petitioner misreads the challenged claims and the art 
and improperly maps a single vinyl sulfone reactive group purportedly 
taught by Singh and/or Harris onto both Y and Q.” Id. at 61–62 (citing Ex. 
2038 ¶¶ 228–232). Patent Owner argues “Petitioner argues that Singh 
 
23 Patent Owner also argues that “Petitioner admits that Singh was 
previously considered during reexamination of the ’682 patent, and no 
rejections were issued over this reference.” Resp. 60 (citing Pet. 10, 79). 
This argument was considered in our Decision on Institution after remand 
with respect to 35 U.S.C. § 325(d) (see Inst. Dec. 21–28), but is not 
persuasive on the full trial record given the final claim constructions. 
 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
48 
‘expressly suggests the use of vinyl sulfones as a thiol-reactive functionality 
and teaches their equivalence to maleimide and haloacetamides for this 
purpose’” and “[a]ccording to Petitioner, ‘a POSA would have been 
motivated to replace one or both of the reactive functionalities in Singh’s 
bifunctional PEG cross-linkers with a vinyl sulfone group, resulting in Q or 
Q and T each being a sulfone group, and Y, or Y and Z, each being a vinyl 
group.’” Id. at 62–63 (citing Pet. 48–49). Patent Owner asserts “[t]his 
mapping of vinyl sulfone should be rejected” because the vinyl of vinyl 
sulfone lacks the capability to alone or independently enable the claimed 
reaction for Y, “Petitioner does not argue, nor does Singh or Harris teach, 
that vinyl alone has this capability,” and “Petitioner’s mapping strategy is 
contrary to the meaning of the ‘Y’ claim term and flouts the principle that a 
single prior-art structure should not be mapped to multiple separate, discrete 
claim elements.” Id. at 63 (citing Pet. 48; Ex. 2037, 22:1–3; Ex. 2038 
¶¶ 228–232). Patent Owner presents similar arguments in its Sur-reply 
regarding the mapping of vinyl of a vinyl sulfone group to claim 1’s Y. Sur-
reply 22–25. 
Similarly, Patent Owner asserts that “Petitioner argues that the vinyl 
group is Y. . . [b]ut Petitioner fails to identify any motivation whatsoever to 
add vinyl alone to a linker to serve as a separate, distinct functional group 
that enables the linker to react with a cell-binding agent.” Resp. 65 (citing 
Pet. 49; Ex. 2038 ¶ 236). Patent Owner argues that Petitioner and its expert 
admit that vinyl cannot enable reaction because “[t]he sulfone in the vinyl 
sulfone is what enables the reaction” and “[a]dding vinyl alone would be 
ineffective as Petitioner and its expert acknowledge.” Id. (citing Ex. 2037, 
22:1–3). 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
49 
As discussed above in our claim construction section, we construe 
claim 1’s Y as encompassing the vinyl of vinyl sulfone. Therefore, we do 
not agree with Patent Owner’s arguments that it is incorrect to map vinyl 
from a vinyl sulfone group to Y. The testimony by Dr. Tumey that 
addresses Singh’s teachings is similar to his testimony we address above in 
connection with construction of the claim term “Y” as to why it would be 
incorrect to map vinyl from a vinyl sulfone group to Y without independent 
analysis or support, and we therefore accord it little weight in view of our 
construction of Y and Singh’s teaching of equivalence between maleimide 
and vinyl sulfone, which we discuss below. See Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 225, 227–232, 
236. 
Petitioner, in Table C1, identifies “how the bifunctional PEG cross-
linkers of Singh meet each element of formula (I) in claim 1 of the ’682 
patent aside from Q and T” (see Pet. 46–47 (Table C1)), and we conclude 
that Petitioner has established this showing by a preponderance of the 
evidence. With regard to limitations Q and T, Petitioner asserts that Singh 
teaches equivalence between compound 4’s maleimide group (which 
Petitioner maps to claim 1’s Y and Z in Table C1) and vinyl sulfone and 
argues that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have found it obvious to 
replace one or more of Singh’s reactive functionalities with vinyl sulfone, 
resulting in Q or Q and T being sulfone and Y or Y and Z being vinyl. Pet. 
48–49 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶ 134). 
Singh teaches that its “reactive functionality” refers to functionalities 
that are amine-, thiol-, or hydroxyl-reactive. Ex. 1008 ¶ 134. Specifically, 
Singh teaches that maleimide, haloacetamide, and vinyl sulfone are thiol-
reactive and form a thioether bond. Id. Thus, Singh teaches the equivalence 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
50 
of maleimides and vinyl sulfone as reactive functionalities that are thiol-
reactive and form thioether bonds. In such a situation of equivalence, an 
“[e]xpress suggestion to substitute one equivalent for another need not be 
present to render such substitution obvious.” In re Fout, 675 F.2d 297, 301 
(CCPA 1982). See also KSR, 550 U.S. at 417 (“If a person of ordinary skill 
can implement a predictable variation, § 103 likely bars its patentability”). 
At the institution stage, it was unclear whether Petitioner’s position 
was that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have been motivated to 
substitute vinyl sulfone for at least one maleimide or to modify Singh’s 
linker to somehow “incorporate” vinyl sulfone. See Pet. 48–49. Petitioner 
has made its position clear at this stage of the proceeding that its challenge 
based on Singh involves substituting vinyl sulfone for Singh’s maleimide, 
thereby removing malemide entirely from the compound. Reply 26–27; Tr. 
22:7–26. 
After substituting vinyl sulfone for compound 4’s maleimide, 
Petitioner maps vinyl to claim 1’s Y and sulfone to claim 1’s Q. See Pet. 49. 
This mapping satisfies claim 1’s Y because Singh’s teachings indicate that a 
thiol-reactive functionality like vinyl sulfone would form a thioether bond 
with a cell-binding agent. Id. at 11 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 14, 136). In 
other words, the vinyl of the vinyl sulfone would map to Y and the sulfone 
would map to Q of claim 1. 
Claim 1 recites that “Q and T are either –P(=O)(OM)–, or –S(O2)–, or 
–S(O)–” and “when Q or T is –S(O2)–, m and n are not 0.” Ex. 1002, 1:33–
34, 1:38–39. Therefore, substituting vinyl sulfone for maleimide results in 
Q being sulfone (SO2), which means n is not zero and therefore must be a T, 
which claim 1 limits to phosphinate, sulfone, or sulfoxide. 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
51 
As noted above, Petitioner proposes replacing “one or both of the 
reactive functionalities” in Singh’s linker with vinyl sulfone in view of 
Singh’s teachings. Pet. 48–49. In the instance where vinyl sulfone is 
substituted for both of compound 4’s maleimides, the result is a vinyl 
sulfone group at each end of compound 4’s linker, with a first vinyl meeting 
limitation Y, a first sulfone meeting limitation Q, a second sulfone meeting 
limitation T, and a second vinyl meeting limitation Z. Petitioner’s 
arguments and evidence also establish that mapping vinyl sulfone to T and Z 
satisfies these limitations because Singh teaches that maytansinoid drugs 
may contain a thiol, which would react with thiol-reactive vinyl sulfone. Id. 
at 11, 45 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 134, 136). 
For these reasons, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claim 1 would have been obvious and is thus unpatentable 
over Singh alone. Regardless, we also address Petitioner’s challenge over 
Singh in view of Harris and Patent Owner’s responsive arguments. For that 
challenge, Patent Owner cites its arguments for Petitioner’s ground over 
Harris alone. Resp. 63–64 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 233). The ground over Harris 
alone regards both anticipation and obviousness so we interpret Patent 
Owner’s citation to its arguments as referring to those regarding obviousness 
based on Harris. 
Patent Owner contends that Harris is nonanalogous art as it is not 
“from the same field of endeavor as the ’682 patent’s inventions” and “does 
not relate to the field of therapeutic drug conjugates.” Resp. 52–53. Patent 
Owner argues that Harris instead “relates to active derivatives of 
poly(ethylene glycol) and related hydrophilic polymers and to methods for 
their synthesis for use in modifying the characteristics of surfaces and 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
52 
molecules” and that “Harris’s disclosure about pharmaceuticals is general 
and non-specific, where it states that ‘almost any substance could be 
modified.’” Id. at 52 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 202–203; Ex. 1007, 1:2–6, 18:34–
19:2) (emphasis omitted). Patent Owner also asserts that Harris is not 
“reasonably pertinent to the problem facing the ’682 patent’s inventor” 
because the ’682 patent describes a need to improve methods of conjugating 
drugs/cytotoxic drugs to carriers that minimize aggregation and allow for the 
highest drug loading possible via a hydrophilic cross-linker and “Harris does 
not teach therapeutic linkers, much less linkers that solve the identified need, 
[such that Harris] is not reasonably pertinent to this problem.” Id. at 52–53 
(citing Ex. 1001, 2:45–49; Ex. 2038 ¶ 203). 
According to Petitioner, the ’682 patent focuses on hydrophilic linkers 
that can be used to conjugate drugs and cell-binding agents. Id. at 10 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 1:7–9, 14:45–15:11). Petitioner asserts that Harris “is within the 
same field of endeavor: ‘PEG/sulfone derivatives as useful for conjugating 
two different biologically-active moieties such as proteins [and] 
pharmaceuticals’” and “is pertinent to the problem addressed via its teaching 
of sulfone linkers having infinite water solubility that bring otherwise 
insoluble molecules into solution.” Id. (citing Pet. 6) (alteration in original). 
During the trial phase, Petitioner added that “Harris specifically teaches 
‘dumbbell structures’ that link pharmaceuticals to proteins” and therefore is 
within the ’682 patent’s field of endeavor. Reply 24 (citing Ex. 1007, 
16:34–17:8, 18:31–19:1). Petitioner also asserts that Harris is reasonably 
pertinent to the problem sought to be addressed by the ’682 patent. Id. at 25. 
Patent Owner’s arguments are not persuasive. The field of endeavor 
test involves identifying explanations of the invention’s subject matter in the 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
53 
patent, “including the embodiments, function, and structure of the claimed 
invention.” In re Bigio, 381 F.3d 1320, 1325 (Fed. Cir. 2004). As stated in 
our Institution Decision after remand, the ’682 patent relates to hydrophilic 
linkers for the conjugation of a drug, such as a cytotoxic agent to a 
biological molecule. Ex. 1001, 1:7–9. Harris relates to water soluble and 
hydrolytically stable derivatives of PEG polymers and related hydrophilic 
polymers having one or more active sulfone moieties, which are “highly 
selective for coupling with thiol moieties instead of amino moieties on 
molecules and on surfaces.” Ex. 1007, 6:8–14; Pet. 6. 
Moreover, Harris further teaches that “[p]harmaceuticals from aspirin 
to penicillin can be usefully modified by attachment of active sulfone 
polymer derivatives if these pharmaceuticals are modified to contain thiol 
moieties.” Ex. 1007, 6:28–31. Harris also describes attachment of its PEG 
vinyl sulfone to a protein. Id. at 28:17–21. Harris therefore presents options 
for stable, hydrophilic polymers that could be optionally coupled to 
molecules such as carriers for delivery of a cytotoxic agent by modification 
to add a thiol moiety. We credit Harris’s own statements about its linkers 
and their uses, and assign these statements greater weight than the testimony 
by Dr. Tumey that Patent Owner cites, which does not address the portions 
of Harris’s disclosure noted herein. On this record, we agree that Harris is in 
the same field of endeavor as the ’682 patent. 
Patent Owner also contends that Petitioner’s obviousness analysis is 
deficient, arguing: 
For example, Petitioner does not identify any reason from the 
prior art to use sulfones (or other claimed spacer structures) as 
spacer elements. Besides pointing to sulfone-based conjugation 
moieties of the prior art, Petitioner has not identified any 
motivation to incorporate sulfone groups (or any other claimed 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
54 
Q/T groups) as spacer elements in the linker. [Ex. 2038 ¶ 216]. 
In fact, Petitioner’s expert admitted there would be no reason to 
add sulfone-based spacers when PEG was already present. 
EX2037, 39:14-40:5, 41:16-42:2. Petitioner has failed to carry 
its burden to explain why a POSA would have been motivated to 
combine prior-art elements as claimed. EX2038, ¶216; Hopkins, 
Paper 9 at 17 (“It is important to identify a reason that would 
have prompted a [POSA] to combine the elements in the way the 
claimed invention does.”). 
Resp. 57 (emphases omitted, alteration in original). 
Patent Owner further contends that “Petitioner admits that ‘Harris’s 
vinyl sulfone-containing PEG derivatives are nearly identical to the 
bifunctional PEG cross-linkers of Singh and serve the same purpose’” but 
“Petitioner does not argue why it would be obvious to modify the Singh 
structure with the ‘nearly identical’ Harris structure, or what additional 
benefits that including Harris’s active vinyl sulfone groups (conjugation 
moieties) would confer to a Singh linker that already comprises vinyl 
sulfone (conjugation moieties).” Resp. 64 (citing Pet. 49; Ex. 2038 ¶ 234) 
(emphasis omitted); see also Sur-reply 23. Patent Owner argues that “even 
accepting Petitioner’s characterization of benefits of using vinyl sulfone in 
linkers, Petitioner fails to show any motivation to achieve the claimed 
invention.” Id. (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 235–236). Patent Owner also contends 
that vinyl sulfone was recognized as a reactive functional group and 
Petitioner fails to articulate any motivation in Singh or Harris to add sulfonyl 
groups to another part of Singh’s linker to achieve Q or T. Id. at 64–65 
(citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 235). 
Petitioner asserts that one of ordinary skill in the art would have been 
“motivated to incorporate vinyl sulfones into Singh’s bifunctional PEG 
cross-linkers (providing Q and/or T) and have reasonably expected success 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
55 
in doing so in view of Harris.” Pet. 49. Petitioner contends that Harris’s 
basic structure R-(OCH2CH2)n-Y includes one or two sulfone moieties 
“useful for conjugating two biologically-active molecules (e.g., proteins, 
pharmaceuticals), where at least one of the biologically-active molecules has 
a reactive thiol moiety.” Id. (citing Ex. 1007, 3:28–35, 16:34–17:5, 18:5–30, 
19:10–15, 19:24–30, claims 33–34, code (57, Abstract); Ex. 1003 ¶ 126) 
(emphasis omitted). In view of this disclosure, Petitioner argues that one of 
ordinary skill in the art “would have appreciated that Harris’s vinyl sulfone-
containing PEG derivatives are nearly identical to the bifunctional PEG 
cross-linkers of Singh and serve the same purpose: to link two biologically-
active molecules with a hydrophilic linker that imparts good water solubility 
to the resulting conjugate.” Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 127). 
Petitioner further articulates several advantages disclosed in Harris for 
using sulfonyl-containing PEG derivatives: “PEG containing ‘polymer 
derivatives with active sulfone moieties are highly selective for coupling 
with thiol moieties instead of amino moieties on molecules,” which 
preserves the activity of specific proteins; “sulfonyl-containing PEG 
derivatives ‘are considered infinitely soluble in water or as approaching 
infinite solubility and can enable otherwise insoluble molecules to pass into 
solution when conjugated with the derivative;” and, although many PEG 
derivatives react rapidly with water, PEG vinyl sulfone is stable in water. 
Pet. 49–50 (citing Ex. 1007, 6:12–15, 19:34–37, 26:11–15, 28:29–34; Ex. 
1003 ¶ 128) (emphases omitted). Petitioner contends that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have expected the modification of Singh’s linker in 
view of Harris to be successful because “Singh teaches attaching PEG 
linkers to -SH groups on drugs via a bis-maleimide containing PEG linker, 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
56 
and that maleimide and haloacetamide moieties are functionally equivalent 
to vinyl sulfone for the purpose of forming thioether bonds” and Harris 
describes examples of PEG linkers having terminal vinyl sulfone groups. Id. 
at 51 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶ 134, Figs. 50–51; Ex. 1007, 21:26–28:28; Ex. 1003 
¶ 130). 
Petitioner’s arguments articulate sufficient reasons why one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have modified Singh’s compound 4 to use 
terminal vinyl sulfone groups and would have had a reasonable expectation 
of succuss in making such a modification. We note that this analysis is 
based on Singh’s compound 4 (Pet. 48 (Table C1)), which does not include 
vinyl sulfone prior to modification. Therefore, Patent Owner’s arguments 
that Singh’s linker already includes vinyl sulfone are inapplicable. 
The cited testimony by Dr. Tumey again regards his contention that 
limitations Y and Q are independent elements (which we have addressed 
with our claim construction of Y), that Petitioner has not articulated a 
sufficient rationale for combination, and Dr. Chari’s alleged admission that 
there would be no reason to make the asserted modification when PEG was 
already present. Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 216, 233–235. This testimony mirrors Patent 
Owner’s arguments, which do not sufficiently address Petitioner’s 
articulated reasons for an ordinarily skilled artisan to have modified Singh’s 
linker in view of Harris and why there would have been a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so. Pet. 49–51. Further, Dr. Chari’s 
deposition testimony indicates that he viewed PEG as providing sufficient 
hydrophilicity for his purpose in 2010. Ex. 2037, 39:14–40:5. When asked 
whether one of ordinary skill in the art would think sulfone was needed in 
addition to PEG, Dr. Chari stated that he did not know the answer and 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
57 
reiterated that sulfone was not needed for his purpose. Id. at 41:16–42:2. 
This testimony is not sufficient evidence that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would not have expected an additional benefit for hydrophilicity when using 
sulfone in a PEG linker. Furthermore, this testimony does not address the 
other advantages cited by Petitioner as rationale for the combination, such as 
preserving protein activity for specific proteins, the high solubility of 
sulfonyl-containing PEG derivatives, and the water stability of PEG vinyl 
sulfone derivatives. Pet. 49–50. 
As with the modification of Singh’s compound 4 in view of Singh’s 
teaching of equivalence of vinyl sulfone and malemide, we note that 
Petitioner’s position is that “incorporate” means to substitute vinyl sulfone. 
See Reply 26–27; Tr. Tr. 22:7–26. Thus, Petitioner’s position is not to add 
vinyl sulfone elsewhere to Singh’s linker in order to satisfy Q or T. To the 
extent Petitioner would argue it would have been obvious to retain the 
maleimide groups of Singh’s compound 4 and “incorporate” or add vinyl 
sulfone elsewhere in Singh’s compound 4, Petitioner has not articulated 
sufficient reasons to do so or why one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so, particularly if Petitioner 
would propose adding vinyl sulfone to provide a second terminal group in 
addition to a terminal maleimide group at the same end of Singh’s linker. 
For the reasons discussed above, we find Petitioner has provided 
sufficient arguments in its Petition to demonstrate by a preponderance of the 
evidence of record that claim 1 would have been obvious and is thus 
unpatentable over Singh alone or over Singh in view of Harris. 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
58 
 
Dependent claim 2 
Claim 2 depends from claim 1 and recites “wherein Z comprises a 
thiol, disulfide, amino, carboxy, aldehydes, maleimido, haloacetyl, 
hydrazine or hydroxyl group.” Ex. 1001, 49:10–12. 
Petitioner argues that “[b]oth Singh and Harris teach that Z can be 
maleimide or haloacetyl, as set forth in Table C1.” Pet. 53 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 133–134). 
As discussed above with regard to claim 1, Petitioner has made its 
position clear at this stage of the proceeding that it proposes substituting 
vinyl sulfone for maleimide. Because the compounds Petitioner asserts for 
this ground lack Q and T (Pet. 46–48) and claim 1 requires T be present 
when Q is sulfone, substituting a vinyl sulfone for one maleimide of Singh’s 
linker necessitates substituting a second vinyl sulfone to satisfy limitation T. 
Petitioner does not propose another method of satisfying T for claim 1 under 
this challenge. Pet. 44–53. Therefore, we interpret Petitioner’s allegations 
to require substituting vinyl sulfone for both maleimide groups of compound 
4 in order to satisfy claim 1, as discussed above with regard to claim 1. As a 
result, Petitioner’s proposed modification for claim 1, whether over Singh 
alone or Singh in view of Harris, results in no maleimide remaining to 
satisfy claim 2. 
For these reasons, Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance 
of the evidence in the record that claim 2 would have been obvious and is 
thus unpatentable over Singh or Singh in view of Harris. 
 
Independent claims 20, 29, and 30 
Petitioner’s challenge for claims 20, 29, and 30 cites Singh’s formula 
(1) and several exemplary compounds that Singh teaches. Pet. 54–59. Our 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
59 
analysis for claims 20, 29, and 30 focuses on Petitioner’s arguments 
regarding Singh’s formula (1). 
Petitioner argues that Singh discloses formula (1), reproduced below, 
as a PEG drug linker that may be attached to a cell binding agent. 
Z––X1––(––CH2––O––)n––Yp-D 
Id. at 54 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 14, 80; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 137–151). According to 
Petitioner, formula (1) overlaps with and suggests the claimed compounds. 
Id. 
Petitioner asserts that Singh teaches Z to be “a reactive functionality 
that can form an amide or a thioether bond with a cell-binding agent,” which 
satisfies moiety Y for claims 20, 29, and 30. Pet. 54 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 138) 
(emphases omitted). According to Petitioner, Singh teaches that the reactive 
functionality may be vinyl sulfone, which would satisfy moiety Q in at least 
claim 30. Id. at 54–55 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶ 134; Ex. 1003 ¶ 138). 
Petitioner further contends that formula (1)’s PEG group satisfies R2, 
R3 would be absent when there is one sulfone, Singh’s formula includes “D” 
for drug, and that the last limitation of claims 20 and 29 may be satisfied 
when Singh’s formula includes a single sulfonyl group (i.e., Q or T is 
sulfone because Singh’s linker includes vinyl sulfone, one of m and n is 0, 
and Singh’s Z is an NHS ester). Pet. 55–57 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 140–141, 
143; Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 80, 134). 
With regard to R4 of claims 20, 29, and 30, which connects the 
claimed drug to the linker, Petitioner argues that moiety Y in Singh’s 
formula is an aliphatic or heterocyclic group attached to Singh’s drug via a 
thioether or amide bond, a carbamate bond, an ether bond, or an amine bond. 
Pet. 56 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 141). Petitioner further argues that Singh’s Y in 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
60 
formula (1) can provide a single sulfonyl group, per claims 20 and 29, or can 
provide first and second sulfone groups because Singh discloses the use of 
vinyl sulfones as thiol reactive moieties. Id. 
For claims 20 and 29, Patent Owner cites its argument for claims 1 
and 2. Resp. 66. For the reasons discussed above with regard to claim 1, we 
do not agree with Patent Owner’s arguments. On this record, Petitioner has 
demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 20 and 29 
would have been obvious and are thus unpatentable over Singh’s teachings. 
With respect to R4 of claims 20 and 29, Petitioner argues that “when 
Y of Singh’s formula (1) is sulfonyl ethyl with a thioether link to the drug, 
Singh’s Z may be reactive functionalities that form a thioether or amide 
bond.” Pet. 57 (emphasis omitted). Singh teaches that formula (1)’s Y 
“represents an aliphatic, an aromatic or a heterocyclic group attached to the 
drug via a covalent bond selected from the group consisting of a thioether 
bond, an amide bond, a carbamate bond, an ether bond, an amine bond, a 
carbon-carbon bond and a hydrazone bond.” Ex. 1008 ¶ 14. Singh further 
teaches that vinyl sulfone will form a thioether bond. Id. ¶ 134. Therefore, 
on this record, Petitioner has demonstrated a reasonable likelihood that 
Singh suggests the use of vinyl sulfone as Y in Singh’s formula (1). In such 
a situation, the sulfone group of the vinyl sulfone would function as moiety 
T in claims 20 and 29 and the vinyl (an aliphatic group) of the vinyl sulfone 
would function as R4 in claims 20 and 29, which may be a linear alkyl of 1–
6 carbon atoms, when the vinyl has bonded to the drug. Pet. 56. This would 
also provide the type of bond that claims 20 and 29 recite for how the Drug 
is linked (e.g., via a thioether bond due to the vinyl sulfone group). Further, 
on this record, we agree with Petitioner’s contention that R3 in this 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
61 
circumstance can be absent or Singh’s X in formula (1) may function as R3. 
Id. 
Claims 20 and 29 differ from claim 30 by reciting that when Q is 
sulfone, “Y is an N-hydroxysuccinimide (NHS) ester, p-nitrophenyl ester, 
dinitrophenyl ester, pentafluorophenyl ester, pyridyldisulfide, 
nitropyridyldisulfide, maleimide, haloacetate, carboxylic acid chloride, 
hydrazide or hydroxylamine.” Ex. 1002, 4:64–5:2, 10:54–59. 
As noted above, Petitioner argues that “when Y of Singh’s formula (1) 
is sulfonyl ethyl with a thioether link to the drug, Singh’s Z may be reactive 
functionalities that form a thioether or amide bond.” Pet. 57 (emphasis 
omitted). Petitioner further asserts that Singh teaches that an NHS ester 
forms an amide bond. Id. (citing Ex. 1008 ¶ 134). On this record, we agree 
that Singh discloses Z in formula (1) as “a reactive functionality that can 
form an amide or a thioether bond with a cell-binding agent” and further 
teaches that an NHS ester is an amine-reactive functionality that can form an 
amide bond. Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 14, 134. On this record, Petitioner’s allegations 
satisfy moiety Y of claims 20 and 29 for the circumstance in which T is 
sulfone, m is 0, and Y is an NHS ester (the last limitation of claims 20 and 
29). 
For claim 30, Patent Owner cites its arguments for claim 1 or argues 
claim 30 together with claim 1. Resp. 66; Sur-reply 22–25. Patent Owner 
further asserts that claim 30 requires the presence of both Q and T but vinyl 
cannot be mapped to Y. Resp. 67 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 242). 
Patent Owner is correct that claim 30 differs from claims 20 and 29 by 
requiring that m and n are integers from 1 to 5. In other words, claim 30 
requires a Q and a T, which are each either a phosphinate, sulfone, or 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
62 
sulfoxide. However, due to our construction of Y, we disagree with Patent 
Owner’s arguments regarding claim 1 and its position regarding the mapping 
of vinyl to Y. Dr. Tumey’s cited testimony mirrors Patent Owner’s position 
regarding the mapping of vinyl to Y and does not sufficiently address 
Petitioner’s position with regard to Singh’s formula (1). Ex. 2038 ¶ 242. 
For the reasons discussed below, we determine that Petitioner demonstrates 
by a preponderance of the evidence that Singh (1) suggests claim 30’s 
limitations. 
Petitioner argues that Z of Singh’s formula (1) may be vinyl sulfone 
and that the sulfone functions as Q and the vinyl as Y. Pet. 54–55. Singh 
teaches that Z of formula (1) may be a reactive functionality that forms a 
thioether bond with a cell-binding agent and that vinyl sulfone is a thiol-
reactive functionality that forms a thioether bond. Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 14, 134. 
Thus, Petitioner argues, Singh suggests the use of vinyl sulfone as a reactive 
functionality that would form a thioether bond with a cell-binding agent, 
with the sulfone functioning as Q and the vinyl functioning as Y for claim 
30. 
Petitioner also argues that Y of Singh’s formula (1) can provide a 
second vinyl sulfone group to provide a thioether bond to a drug. Pet. 56 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 141). Singh teaches that Y includes an aliphatic group 
attached to the drug via a thioether bond. Ex. 1008 ¶ 14. Singh further 
teaches that vinyl sulfone is a thiol-reactive functionality that forms 
thioether bonds. Id. ¶ 134. Therefore, Singh suggests the use of vinyl 
sulfone for Y in Singh’s formula (1), which would provide another sulfone 
to function as T and vinyl to function as R4 in claim 30. 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
63 
Petitioner’s arguments also illustrate how R2 is met due to the PEG 
group in Singh’s formula (1) or due to R2’s absence. Pet. 55. We note that 
claim 30 permits R1, R3, R5 and R6 to be absent. 
For these reasons, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the 
evidence in the record that claims 20, 29, and 30 would have been obvious 
and is thus unpatentable in view of Singh’s teachings. 
 
Dependent claims 21 and 31 
Claim 21 depends from claim 20 and recites “wherein the drug is 
derived from a drug containing a —SH, —CONHNH2, - = , –COR" or —
NHR", wherein R" is H, CH3, Et, Pr, Bu, or Ph; and/or the cell-binding agent 
is an antibody or protein.” Ex. 1001, 55:26–29. Petitioner contends that 
“Harris discloses that drugs modified to contain thiol moieties react with 
vinyl sulfones” and “Singh also discloses that its PEG spacers may be 
reacted with ‘a thiol-containing maytansinoid drug’ or ‘an amine-containing 
maytansinoid.” Pet. 61 (citing Ex. 1007, 6:28–31; Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 136, 139; Ex. 
1003 ¶¶ 151, 153). 
Claim 31 depends from claim 30 and recites “wherein when Q and T 
are each independently –S(O2)– or –S(O)–, at least one of R1, R2, R3 and R4 
comprises the polyethyleneoxy unit of formula (OCH2CH2)p.” Ex. 1002, 
12:20–23. Petitioner argues that Singh’s PEG group functions as R2 and/or 
R3. Pet. 61. 
Patent Owner argues claim 21 together with claim 20 and claim 31 
together with claim 30. Resp. 66–67; Sur-reply 22–26. For the reasons 
discussed above with regard to claim 30, we do not agree with Patent 
Owner’s position regarding claim 31. 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
64 
For claim 21, Petitioner’s arguments demonstrate that Singh teaches 
that a maytansinoid drug may include a thiol (Ex. 1008 ¶ 136) and that 
Harris teaches drugs may be modified to contain thiol moieties (Ex. 1007, 
6:28–31). With regard to claim 31, Petitioner’s arguments demonstrate that 
the portion of Singh’s compounds that function as R2 would comprise PEG 
groups. Pet. 57–59 (Table C2). As a result, Petitioner has demonstrated by 
a preponderance of the evidence that claims 21 and 31 would have been 
obvious and are thus unpatentable over Singh or Singh in view of Harris. 
 
Independent claims 3, 24, and 26 
As an initial matter, Petitioner contends that the preambles (reciting 
“cell-binding agent-drug conjugate”) of claims 3, 24, and 26 are not limiting, 
or, alternatively, would have been taught by Singh and Harris. Pet. 62. 
Because we agree, and Patent Owner does not dispute whether these 
references disclose the preamble, we do not further address whether the 
preambles are limiting. 
Petitioner argues that Singh teaches formulas (2)/(2’) and (4)/(4’). 
Pet. 62 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 15, 17, 84, 93, 136–138, 214, 218–221, Figs. 1–
3, 7–12, 14–15, 17–18, 20, 21). According to Petitioner, Singh’s disclosures 
for D, Y, p, n, and X for formulas (2)/(2’) are identical to those for formula 
(1). Id. at 63 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 157). In view of this, Petitioner cites its 
arguments for claim 1 and for claims 20, 29, and 30, including why 
“sulfonyl groups [meet] the definition of Q and T,” for claims 3, 24, and 26. 
Id. Petitioner further asserts that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood that the cell-binding agent of Singh’s formulas teaches the cell-
binding agent of claims 3, 24, and 26. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 158). 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
65 
For claims 3, 24, and 26, Patent Owner cites its arguments for claims 
1 and 2. Resp. 66; Sur-reply 26. For the reasons discussed above with 
regard to claim 1, we do not agree with Patent Owner’s position. 
Singh’s formula (2) is reproduced below: 
CB––[X1––(––CH2––O––)n––Yp-D]m 
Ex. 1008 ¶ 84. Singh teaches that “CB represents a cell-binding agent,” “D 
represents a drug,” X can be an aliphatic, aromatic, or heterocyclic group 
attached to the cell-binding agent by a thioether bond or amide bond, and Y 
can be an aliphatic group attached to the drug by a thioether bond. Id. 
Therefore, Singh’s formula (2) includes a cell-binding agent and a drug, as 
recited by claims 3, 24, and 26. 
With respect to the remaining limitations, claims 3, 24, and 26 would 
have been obvious and are thus unpatentable for reasons similar to those 
argued above for claim 30. In other words, each of X and Y in Singh’s 
formula (2) would be vinyl sulfone, which is a thiol-reactive functionality 
that forms a thioether bond and thus would form such a bond with either a 
cell-binding agent or formula (2)’s drug. Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 84, 134. These two 
vinyl sulfone groups would provide sulfones that would function as Q and T 
in claims 24 and 26 and provide vinyls (a linear alkyl having 1–6 carbon 
atoms) that would function as R1 and R4 in claims 24 and 26 when the vinyl 
groups are attached to a cell-bonding agent or a drug. Further, the PEG 
group of Singh’s formula (2) would function as R2 for claims 24 and 26. We 
note that claim 3 permits R3, R5, and R6 to be absent. 
Therefore, for the reasons discussed above with regard to claim 30, 
Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence in the record 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
66 
that claims 3, 24, and 26 would have been obvious and are thus 
unpatentable. 
 
Dependent claims 4–8, 10–12, and 14–17 
Petitioner provides arguments asserting why claims 4–8, 10–12, and 
14–17 would have been obvious over Singh or Singh in view of Harris. Pet. 
67–70. Claims 4–8, 10–12, and 14–17 depend from claim 3. 
Patent Owner does not provide separate arguments for these 
dependent claims. Resp. 66; Sur-reply 26. 
We have reviewed Petitioner’s arguments and supporting evidence as 
to these claims, and find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Singh teaches or suggests the additional limitations of 
dependent claims 4–8, 10–12, and 14–17, and, in combination with the 
independent claims, renders dependent claims 4–8, 10–12, and 14–17 
obvious. See Pet. 67–70 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 15, 17, 78, 84–85, 93, 120, 
146–156, 165–167, 171, 174, Figs. 1–2, 7–9, 14, 17–18, 21; Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 172–176). 
 
Conclusion for Ground 3 
For all of the above reasons, we find that Petitioner demonstrates by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 3–8, 10–12, 14–17, 20, 21, 24, 
26, and 29–31 are unpatentable but does not demonstrate by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claim 2 is unpatentable under this 
challenge. 
E. 
Ground 4 — Alleged Obviousness over Singh, Harris, and 
Bhakta 
Petitioner argues that claims 9 and 13 would have been obvious in 
view of Singh, Harris, and Bhakta. Pet. 70–72. 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
67 
 
Bhakta (Ex. 1011) 
Bhakta is titled “Cysteine Engineered Antibodies and Conjugates.” 
Ex. 1011, code (54). Bhakta discloses antibody-drug conjugates comprising: 
a cysteine engineered antibody (Ab), and a drug moiety (D) 
wherein the antibody has one or more free cysteine amino 
acids, and the antibody is attached through the one or more free 
cysteine amino acids by a linker moiety (L) to D; the 
composition having formula I: Ab-(L-D)p, where p is 1, 2, 3, or 
4. 
Id. ¶¶ 211–212. Bhakta discloses that its antibody drug conjugates may 
form dipeptides or longer peptides using naturally or non-naturally occurring 
amino acid analogs, including citrulline. Id. ¶¶ 244–245. 
 
Analysis 
Petitioner asserts that Bhakta shows that valine-citrulline was a well-
known cleavable dipeptide used to link drugs in ADCs, similar to how 
disulfide bonds were used. Pet. 71. Specifically, Petitioner argues that 
“Bhakta expressly teaches ADCs comprising a cysteine engineered antibody 
and a drug moiety, wherein the antibody has one or more free cysteine 
amino acids that attach via a linker to the drug moiety” and “may further 
comprise amino acid residues linking the antibody to the drug moiety of the 
cysteine engineered ADC, where the amino acid residues can be ‘optimized 
in their selectivity for enzymatic cleavage by… for example, a tumor-
associated protease to liberate an active drug moiety.” Id. (citing Ex. 1011 
¶¶ 244–245) (alteration in original). According to Petitioner, “[t]he valine-
citrulline (‘val-cit’) dipeptide is highlighted and can be cleaved by cathepsin 
B, C and D, or a plasmin protease.” Id. 
Petitioner argues that “ADCs utilizing the disulfide linkages of Singh 
were previously found to exhibit reduced efficacy, greater off target toxicity 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
68 
and poor serum stability.” Pet. 72 (citing Ex. 1049, Abstract). Petitioner 
contends that one of ordinary skill in the art: 
would have been motivated to use the well-known val-cit-PAB 
linker of Bhakta to replace, e.g., the disulfide linkage of Singh, 
in order to obtain more selective and efficient release of the Drug 
at target cancer cells because, for example, when the val-cit 
dipeptide is cleaved from the PAB by cathepsins associated with 
the target cancer cell, the ester linkage to the drug subsequently 
hydrolyzes as well and releases the drug within the cancer cell. 
Pet. 71. (citing Ex. 1017, 101:1–104:43; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 181–182). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner “does not explain which ‘disulfide 
linkage of Singh’ is being replaced, which specific compound of Singh it is 
referring to, and whether the modified compound would still meet all the 
elements of claim 9 and 13, including the Q, T, m, n, and R1 through R6 
elements in the claimed Formula II.” Resp. 68 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 245). 
According to Patent Owner, “Petitioner’s cursory analysis also does not 
demonstrate how a POSA would have allegedly combined the prior-art 
teachings to arrive at the claimed conjugate and whether a POSA would 
have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so.” Id. at 68–69 
(citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 245). 
Petitioner contends that Tables C2 and C3 of the Petition list a single 
CBA-drug conjugate taught by Singh that has a PEG-containing crosslinker 
with a cleavable disulfide linkage. Reply 28 (citing Pet. 59 (compound 4), 
66 (compound 3)). Petitioner states: 
Ground 4 merely proposed modifying Singh’s compound 4 by (i) 
replacing the amide bond forming group (such as N-
hydroxysuccinimide) with sulfonyl ethyl (described at Pet. 66) 
and (ii) substituting the disulfide-drug bond with Bhakta’s val-
cit-PAB-drug bond satisfies all the limitations of claims 9 and 
13, which is depicted below for easier visualization: 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
69 
 
Id. at 28–30. Petitioner asserts that “[d]isulfide linkages and val-cit peptide 
linkages are functionally equivalent because they are cleavable in vivo, 
thereby permitting drug release from the CBA-drug conjugate” and 
“cleavage of Bhakta’s val-cit-PAB linker by a tumor-associated protease 
results in specific drug release at target cells.” Id. at 30–31 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 179–181). Petitioner cites its stated motivation and reasonable 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
70 
expectation of success for making these substitutions. Reply 31 (citing Pet. 
63–67, 72). 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner makes a late attempt to identify 
a basis for this ground and we should disregard new theories and arguments 
not presented in the Petition. Sur-reply 26. Patent Owner further argues that 
Petitioner’s explanation in its Reply fails to show how the requirements for 
R1, R4, R5, and R6 are met. Id. at 26–27. 
As an initial matter, we note that claims 9 and 13 depend from claim 
3. Ex. 1001, 53:29–35, 53:51–52. Petitioner’s reasoning for Ground 4 is 
that one of ordinary skill in the art would have replaced Singh’s disulfide 
linkage in view of Bhakta to obtain a more selective and efficient release of 
Singh’s drug. Pet. 72. As noted in our Decision on Institution after remand, 
Singh’s formula (2) does not include a disulfide bond and, although Singh’s 
formula (4) includes a disulfide bond, the Petition does not adequately 
explain how claim 3 would have been obvious and is thus unpatentable in 
view of Singh’s formula (4). Inst. Dec. 69. Petitioner’s explanation in its 
Reply focuses on specific compounds disclosed by Singh that include a 
disulfide linkage. Reply 28 (citing Pet. 59 (compound 4), 66 (compound 3)). 
To adhere to our rules requiring that the Petition serve as the basis for 
analysis, we focus on whether Petitioner has articulated a sufficient basis in 
the Petition to support this challenge with respect to these specific 
compounds. 
Compound 4 at page 59 of the Petition was argued with regard to 
claims 20, 21 and 29–31. Compound 3 at page 66 of the Petition was argued 
with regard to claim 3 and further includes a cell-binding agent (mAb). 
Therefore, we focus our analysis on compound 3 at page 66 of the Petition 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
71 
and its related arguments because it is more relevant to claim 3 and its 
limitations, from which challenged claims 9 and 13 depend. 
We note that Petitioner argues that Ground 4 involves “(i) replacing 
the amide bond forming group (such as N-hydroxysuccinimide) with 
sulfonyl ethyl (described at Pet. 66) and (ii) substituting the disulfide-drug 
bond with Bhakta’s val-cit-drug bond.” Reply 29. Part (ii) of this 
explanation appears to comport with the rationale stated at page 72 of the 
Petition, which involved substituting a disulfide linkage with Bhakta’s 
linker. 
We analyze whether Petitioner has supported part (i) of this 
explanation. Compound 3 is reproduced below: 
 
Pet. 66 (reproducing a row of Table C3 from Exhibit 1003 ¶ 165). 
Part (i) of Petitioner’s explanation in its Reply is that the ordinarily 
skilled artisan would have replaced an amide bond forming group, such as 
an N-hydroxysuccinimide, with vinyl sulfone. Reply 29. The “amide bond 
forming group” appears to refer to the amide portion on the right-hand side 
of Compound 3 (attached to the cell-binding agent mAb). As shown in 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
72 
annotations for Compound 3 above, Petitioner proposes substituting vinyl 
sulfone for the amide group. Pet. 66. 
Singh teaches the equivalence of maleimides, haloacetamides, and 
vinyl sulfones as thiol-reactive functionalities that form thioether bonds. Ex. 
1008 ¶ 134. Singh teaches that amine-reactive functionalities that form an 
amide bond include carboxylic esters, such as NHS esters. Id. In other 
words, Singh does not teach that vinyl sulfone, a thiol-reactive functionality 
that forms a thioether bond, is equivalent to an amine-reactive functionality 
that forms an amide bond. As a result, Petitioner has not established a 
sufficient rationale to substitute vinylfsulone for the amide group, as shown 
in Compound 3. Pet. 66. 
However, citing its arguments for claim 1 under this ground, 
Petitioner also cites the advantages that Harris teaches for vinyl sulfone as a 
reason to modify Singh’s linker to use vinyl sulfone as the linking moiety to 
either the antibody (cell-binding agent) or to the drug. Pet. 64 (citing Ex. 
1003 ¶ 169). For the reasons discussed above with regard to claim 1 under 
Ground 1, Petitioner has articulated sufficient reasons why one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have modified Compound 3 at page 66 of the Petition 
to use vinyl sulfone as the linking moiety to the cell-binding agent and why 
they would have had a reasonable expectation of success. This would 
provide a sulfone that functions as claim 3’s Q or T and a vinyl that would 
function as claim 3’s R1, which is a linear alkyl having 1–6 carbon atoms 
(when the vinyl group is attached to a cell-binding agent) and is not a chain 
of three atoms of carbon or sulfur, as claim 3 requires. As indicated by the 
annotations in Compound 3, a cell-binding agent (mAb, annotated as “Cb”) 
is present, a drug is present (annotated as “Drug”), the PEG group may 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
73 
function as R2, and the ethyl group may function as R4, which can be a linear 
alkyl having 1–6 carbon atoms. We note that claim 3 permits R5 and R6 to 
be absent. For these reasons, the arguments presented in the Petition 
demonstrate that claim 3 would have been obvious over Singh’s Compound 
3 when modified in view of Harris. 
We therefore consider Petitioner’s arguments under Ground 4 for 
claims 9 and 13 with respect to Compound 3, as modified to include 
Petitioner’s allegations that it would have been obvious to the ordinarily 
skilled artisan to use vinyl sulfone as the linking moiety to the cell-binding 
agent and why they would have had a reasonable expectation of success. 
Petitioner explains that it proposes substituting Bhakta’s valine-citrulline 
peptide linkage for Compound 3’s disulfide linkage. Reply 30. Providing 
valine-citrulline as a linker component satisfies claim 9. Ex. 1001, 53:31. 
Bhakta’s teachings also support Petitioner’s argument that Bhakta’s valine-
citrulline can be cleaved by cathepsin B, C, and D or a plasmin protease, 
which would satisfy claim 13. Pet. 71; Ex. 1011 ¶¶ 244–245. 
Petitioner contends that one of ordinary skill in the art: 
would have been motivated to use the well-known val-cit-PAB 
linker of Bhakta to replace, e.g., the disulfide linkage of Singh, 
in order to obtain more selective and efficient release of the Drug 
at target cancer cells because, for example, when the val-cit 
dipeptide is cleaved from the PAB by cathepsins associated with 
the target cancer cell, the ester linkage to the drug subsequently 
hydrolyzes as well and releases the drug within the cancer cell. 
A POSA would have had a reasonable expectation of success 
because the chemistry of this linker was well established and 
proven in human patients, well before the priority date. 
Id. at 72 (citing Ex. 1017, 101:1–104:43; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 181–182). This 
rationale sufficiently articulates why one of ordinary skill in the art would 

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
74 
have made Petitioner’s proposed modification in view of Bhakta and why 
they would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so. 
For these reasons, Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of 
the evidence in the record that claims 9 and 13 would have been obvious and 
are thus unpatentable in view of Singh, Harris, and Bhakta. 
F. 
Ground 5 — Alleged Obviousness over Singh, Harris, and 
Snow 
Petitioner asserts that claims 2, 25, and 32–34 would have been 
rendered obvious by the combination of Singh, Harris, and Snow. Pet. 73–
76. 
 
Snow (Ex. 1010) 
Snow is titled “Vinyl Sulfone Coupling of Polyoxyalkylenes to 
Proteins.” Ex. 1010, code (54). Snow discloses polyalkylene oxide vinyl 
sulfone reagents and a method for using them in hydrated media for the 
modification of proteins. Id. at code (57, Abstract). 
 
Analysis 
Petitioner relies on Singh and Harris for the alleged disclosures of Y 
and Z as discussed above in regards to Ground 3 based on Singh and Harris. 
Pet. 73. Specifically, Petitioner cites the compounds of Singh that Petitioner 
provides in Table A1 (relied upon for claim 1) and in Table C2 (relied upon 
for claims 20, 29, and 30), asserting that “Singh discloses a bifunctional 
bismaleimide PEG crosslinker that can be conjugated to a thiol-bearing 
maytansinoid drug.” Id. at 74. 
Petitioner contends that “Snow contemplates polyalkylene oxide bis-
vinyl sulfone linkers represented by the formula:” 

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
75 
 
Pet. 73–74 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 184 (providing the above formula)). The 
formula depicted above is a preferred embodiment of polyalkylene oxide 
bis-vinyl sulfone linkers listed in Snow. Ex. 1010, 7:66–8:2. 
According to Petitioner, one of ordinary skill in the art “would be 
motivated to further improve the solubility of ADC linkers that are 
conjugated to exceptionally hydrophobic drugs like maytansinoids, at high 
drug loads, where they are prone to aggregation/precipitation.” Pet. 73–74 
(citing Ex. 1050, 2:19–25, 10:20–25, 64:59–67; Ex. 1003 ¶ 186). Petitioner 
argues that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have been “motivated to 
replace at least one of the maleimide-containing arms in Singh’s bifunctional 
bis-maleimide PEG crosslinking agent with the bis-vinyl sulfone group of 
Snow” to enhance hydrophilicity of the PEG linkers, and would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in doing so. Id. at 74. Petitioner provides 
diagrams to reflect the proposed substitutions that Petitioner identifies as 
Formulas (I), (IV), and (III). Id. at 75–76 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 187–189). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner relies upon impermissible 
hindsight and Petitioner does not explain why one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have selected specific elements Petitioner depicts for Snow’s formula. 
Resp. 69–70; Sur-reply 28. 
As noted above, Petitioner argues that it would have been obvious to 
modify Singh’s compound by replacing “at least one of the maleimide-

--- Page 76 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
76 
containing arms” in Singh’s compound. Pet. 74–75. Petitioner’s proposed 
substitution for Formula (I), reproduced below, demonstrates what Petitioner 
means by this: 
 
Id. at 75 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 187–189). The diagram above also reflects 
Petitioner’s proposed substitution of a malemide-containing arm in Singh’s 
compound, but, in the case of Formula (IV), this would be performed at both 
ends of the compound. Id. at 76. Petitioner’s Formula (III) appears to 
perform the substitution only at a right end of the linker. Id. 
As shown in Petitioner’s Formula (I) above, these proposed 
substitutions involve more than replacing the maleimide group alone 
because the amide group to the right of the maleimide group is also being 
replaced (as indicated in the area enclosed by the red circle, which is 
Petitioner’s marking). Petitioner does not adequately explain why one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have replaced not only the maleimide group at 
the end of the linker but also the amide group next to it as well. 

--- Page 77 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
77 
Petitioner asserts in its Reply that Snow’s formula “shows that the bis 
sulfone portion can be directly coupled to PEG (i.e., “PAO”) with the ‘E’ 
group between PEG/PAO and the nearest sulfone” and that “Snow’s 
conjugates are reactive with thiols on proteins.” Reply 31 (citing Ex. 1010, 
9:58–63). According to Petitioner, “Snow’s thiol-reactive vinyl bis-sulfone 
compounds teach direct coupling from the bis-sulfone section to the PEG 
without any need for amide linkages as found in Singh’s bismaleimide PEG 
linkers.” Id. (citing Pet. 13, Table A1, Entries 1, 4). Petitioner argues that 
“[t]he intervening amide linkages were encompassed in the substitution 
schemes outlined at Petition pages 75-76 because they are a result of the 
maleimide attachment, yet are unnecessary when joining sulfone-containing 
compounds to PEG, as evidenced by Snow connection above where E is 
merely a 2-8 carbon alkylenyl.” Id. at 31–32 (citing Ex. 1076 ¶¶ 36–39). 
Dr. Chari provides a similar explanation with his cited testimony. Ex. 
1076 ¶¶ 36–39. For instance, Dr. Chari states that “the amide linkages 
present on both ends of PEG in Singh’s linkers (i.e., remnants of the NHS-
ester reaction) are merely needed to facilitate attachment of the PEG moiety 
to the terminal maleimide groups” and that “unlike the bis-maleimide PEG 
linkers of Singh, the thiol-reactive vinyl sulfones can be directly coupled to 
the PEG moiety without the need for intervening amide linkages.” Id. ¶ 38 
(emphasis omitted). 
We are not persuaded that these explanations support Petitioner’s case 
for obviousness because they indicate what one of ordinary skill in the art 
could have done, not reasons why one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
been motivated to make the proposed modification to directly achieve the 
objective. “[O]bviousness concerns whether a skilled artisan not only could 

--- Page 78 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
78 
have made but would have been motivated to make the combinations or 
modifications of prior art to arrive at the claimed invention.” Belden 
Inc. v. Berk-Tek LLC, 805 F.3d 1064, 1073 (Fed. Cir. 2015). 
We further note that Petitioner’s proposed modification is not 
consistent with maleimide substitutions/replacements Petitioner proposes 
elsewhere. For instance, when asserting that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have replaced a reactive functionality in Singh’s linker in Ground 3, 
particularly the maleimide group in Singh’s Compound 4, Petitioner does 
not argue that both the maleimide group and the amide next to the maleimide 
should be replaced in that compound when the amide would be performing 
the same function for coupling the maleimide to the PEG group. Id. at 48–
49 (amide remains as part of R2 asserted by Petitioner, which also includes a 
PEG group); see id. at 13 (showing complete compound 4 in Table A1). 
Here, however, Petitioner argues that both the maleimide group and the 
amide group next to the maleimide should be replaced but does not 
adequately explain why one of ordinary skill in the art would have replaced 
both groups in this situation when Petitioner would not have made this 
modification in other situations. The cited testimony by Dr. Chari also does 
not adequately explain why one of ordinary skill in the art would have made 
such a modification. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 183–189; Ex. 1076 ¶¶ 36–39. 
Furthermore, Petitioner does not provide sufficient reasons why one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have made the particular selections 
Petitioner makes for Snow’s formula. Pet. 73–74. To the extent Petitioner 
provides sufficient reasons to use vinyl sulfone in Snow’s formula, those 
reasons only provide rationales to select hydrogen for R2, sulfone for B, and 
make b = 1 in Snow’s formula. Ex. 1010, 6:56–57, 7:26–27 (Snow teaching 

--- Page 79 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
79 
that R2 can be hydrogen or other elements, B can be sulfoxide or sulfone, 
and b can be 0 or 1). However, Petitioner appears to make other selections 
for Snow’s formula, particularly that a = 1 and that E = a 2–8 carbon 
alkylenyl. Pet. 74. Snow teaches that a = 0 or 1 and “E is hydrogen, or an 
alkylene group of 1 to 8 carbons, or an alkylenyl group of 2 to 8 carbons, 
preferably an ethylenyl group, or a substituted aryl group” according to a 
certain formula. Ex. 1010, 5:61–6:8, 7:25. Petitioner does not adequately 
explain why one of ordinary skill in the art would have made these 
selections for Snow’s formula. Rather, Petitioner’s arguments appear to be 
based on hindsight as they impermissibly use the challenged claims as a 
roadmap to piece together parts of the prior art reference. Pet. 74–76. See 
Cheese Sys. Inc. v. Tetra Pak Cheese and Powder Sys., Inc., 725 F.3d 1341, 
1352 (Fed. Cir. 2013) (“Obviousness cannot be based on the hindsight 
combination of components selectively culled from the prior art to fit the 
parameters of the patented invention.” (internal quotation marks omitted)). 
For these reasons, Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance 
of the evidence in the record that claims 2, 25, and 32–34 would have been 
rendered obvious by the combination of Singh, Harris, and Snow. 
G. 
Ground 1 — Alleged Anticipation by Morales-Sanfrutos, as 
evidenced by Straus 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–3, 6, 24–25, and 33 are anticipated by 
Morales-Sanfrutos, as evidenced by Straus. Pet. 24–37. 
As discussed above with regard to Ground 3 over Singh or Singh in 
view of Harris, Petitioner has met its burden of demonstrating that claims 1, 
3, 6, and 24 are unpatentable. Thus, we do not address the patentability of 
these claims under this ground. Because Petitioner has not demonstrated that 

--- Page 80 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
80 
claims 2, 25, and 33 would have been obvious and are thus unpatentable 
under other grounds, we consider Petitioner’s arguments for claims 2, 25, 
and 33 under this challenge. 
 
Morales-Sanfrutos (Ex. 1005) 
Morales-Sanfrutos is titled “Vinyl Sulfone Bifunctional Tag Reagents 
for Single-Point Modification of Proteins.” Ex. 1005, 4039. Morales-
Sanfrutos describes the “synthesis of vinyl sulfone derivatized bifunctional 
tag single attachment point reagents (BTSAP) bearing biotin and a 
fluorescent tag,” and their use to introduce detectable labels using chemical 
reactions occurring at the electrophilic vinyl sulfone group. Id. Morales-
Sanfrutos teaches that the tags can be coupled to horseradish peroxidase 
(HRP) by incubating HRP with the vinyl sulfone derivatized bifunctional 
tags to make labeled proteins, such as HRP-11. Id. at 4046. 
Morales-Sanfrutos describes the synthesis of BTSAP reagents via a 
two-step chemical scheme in which (1) an alkyne vinyl sulfone derivatized 
tag (AVST) was prepared and (2) copper-mediated click reaction of the 
AVST with a complementary azide derivative was carried out. Id. at 4040. 
Morales-Sanfrutos depicts this as “Scheme 1,” which is reproduced below: 
 

--- Page 81 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
81 
 
Id. at 4041. Scheme 1 depicts a two-step chemical synthesis of BTSAP 
reagents. 
Morales-Sanfrutos further explains that either a one step or a 
sequential approach may be used. Ex. 1005, 4043. These alternative 
approaches are depicted in “Scheme 4.” Id. ¶ 4044. An annotated copy of 
Scheme 4 is reproduced below. We have annotated Scheme 4 to identify the 
components. 
 

--- Page 82 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
82 
 
Id. at 4044. Scheme 4 depicts one-step and sequential chemical syntheses of 
BTSAP reagents. As indicated by the annotations added to this figure, 
Morales-Sanfrutos explains that the magenta-colored sunburst shape 
represents a fluorophore and the blue colored double pentagon shape 
represents biotin. Id. at 4039. 
 
Straus (Ex. 1006) 
Straus is titled “Unusual Binding Sites for Horseradish Peroxidase on 
the Surface of Cultured and Isolated Mammalian Cells.” Ex. 1006, 277. 
Straus is a study of binding sites for HRP. Id. Petitioner alleges that Straus 
discloses that HRP has been shown to bind at specific sites in cells such as 
macrophages, fibroblasts, mast cells and endothelial cells. Pet. 36; see Ex. 
1006, 277. 
b
fluoro
azid
a
vinyl 

--- Page 83 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
83 
 
Claim 2 
Claim 2 depends from claim 1 and recites “wherein Z comprises a 
thiol, disulfide, amino, carboxy, aldehydes, maleimido, haloacetyl, 
hydrazine or hydroxyl group.” Ex. 1001, 49:10–12. 
 At the institution stage, we determined that Petitioner met its burden 
for institution of inter partes review for claim 1 in light of Morales-
Sanfrutos’s compound 1 but not for claim 2. Inst. Dec. 35–37, 41–42. 
Petitioner explains in its Reply that the Petition cited Morales-Sanfrutos’s 
compounds 2, 4, and 5, each of which includes a propargylamine group: 
 
Reply 19–21 (citing Pet. 28–29). 
Petitioner asserts that “[s]uch propargylamine groups are art-
recognized, with reports on ‘the peculiar reactivity of the propargylamine 
moiety’ and descriptions of using propargylamines in copper(I)-catalyzed 
cycloaddition reactions with azides.” Reply 21 (citing Ex. 1076 ¶ 14) 
(emphasis omitted). According to Petitioner, “propargylamine groups 
enable the linkage required for Z (or Y),” “[a]s noted with respect to claim 1, 
the alkynyl moiety (i.e., the triple-bonded carbons) can react with azide-
functionalized drugs, as expressly disclosed in Morales-Sanfrutos,” and “the 
amine can likewise form a linkage with a drug resulting in a tertiary amine 
bond, as Morales-Sanfrutos illustrates for biotin (id., 32 (Table B1, 

--- Page 84 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
84 
compound 2)), although claim 2 does not require this.” Id. (citing Pet. 31–
32; Ex. 1076 ¶¶ 22–25).24 
Patent Owner cites its arguments for claim 1 under this ground, 
namely that vinyl does not meet claim 1’s requirements for Y and that vinyl 
cannot be mapped to Y. Resp. 48 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 191). Patent Owner 
asserts that Petitioner’s arguments are inconsistent because Petitioner argues 
Z is an alkynyl group for claim 1 but argues that an amino group is Z for 
claim 2. Id. at 48–49 (citing Pet. 30–32). Patent Owner further argues that 
Dr. Chari relied only upon Morales-Sanfrutos’s compound 2 when analyzing 
claim 2, which involved mapping its propargylamine group to Z to provide 
an amino group for claim 2 and mapping compound 2’s vinyl to Y, which is 
inconsistent between claims 1 and 2. Sur-reply 18 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 87; Ex. 
2046, 63:4–14, 64:2–8, 66:22–67:15, 68:5–11, 86:20–88:25). 
We select Morales-Sanfrutos’s compound 2 as representative for this 
analysis. Before turning to claim 2’s limitations, we first analyze whether 
Morales-Sanfrutos’s compound 2 meets claim 1’s limitations. 
Morales-Sanfrutos’s compound 2 is reproduced below: 
 
 
24 Petitioner contends that versions 2(c), 4(b), and 5(b) of Morales-
Sanfrutos’ compounds 2, 4, and 5 satisfy claim 2 “because the vinyl (as Z) 
reacts with thiol-containing cytotoxic drugs to form a thioether bond.” 
Reply 21–22. Petitioner’s argument is unpersuasive because claim 2 does 
not encompass vinyl as one of its groups for Z. Although claim 2 recites 
that Z may comprise a thiol group, vinyl is not a thiol group. Petitioner’s 
arguments illustrate this by explaining that the vinyl group forms a thioether 
bond and it is the cytotoxic drug that includes the thiol group. Id. 

--- Page 85 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
85 
Pet. 27 (Table B1). Petitioner’s Table B2 summarizes how Petitioner argues 
that compound 2 meets the limitations of claim 1, which is shown below. Id. 
at 28–31 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 82–84). 
 
 

--- Page 86 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
86 
Petitioner argues that the vinyl of compound 2’s vinyl sulfone functions as 
claim 1’s Y for option (a) of compound 2. As discussed above in our claim 
construction section, we construe claim 1’s Y as encompassing vinyl. 
The parties argue whether Morales-Sanfrutos’s vinyl can meet claim 
1’s requirement that Y is “a functional group that enables reaction of the 
hydrophilic linker with a cell-binding agent,” including whether Morales-
Sanfrutos or Straus demonstrates that vinyl would function to enable 
reaction with a cell-binding agent (i.e., whether Morales-Sanfrutos’s HRP, 
which the vinyl bonds to, functions as a cell-binding agent). Pet. 30–31; 
Resp. 39–48; Reply 14–19; Sur-reply 14–19; Ex. 1002, 1:31–32. 
As discussed in our Decision on Institution, the DRP reasoned that 
when a hydrophilic linker contains a vinyl sulfone group, “the vinyl group 
should be mapped to Y or Z,” “the sulfone group should be mapped to Q or 
T,” and “such mapping satisfies the ‘enables reaction’ and ‘enables linkage’ 
requirements of claim 1.” DRP Dec. 16; Inst. Dec. 36–37. Although we 
understand the DRP’s reasoning to apply only to the case at institution, we 
find that this reasoning also applies to the vinyl group of Morales-
Sanfrutos’s compound 2 for the reasons discussed above in our claim 
construction section regarding limitation Y. Specifically, the rejection of 
claim 20 during reexamination demonstrated that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have understood that vinyl functions as Y and “enables reaction” 
of a hydrophilic linker with a cell-binding agent, as claim 1 recites. Ex. 
1019, 51, 75. For these reasons, we conclude that the vinyl group of 
Morales-Sanfrutos’s compound 2 functions as limitation Y in claim 1. 
Regarding the remaining limitations of claim 1, we agree with 
Petitioner’s reasoning that compound 2’s sulfone groups function as 

--- Page 87 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
87 
limitations Q and T, the PEG and ethyl group function as R2 (with p = 2), 
and R3 would be an ethyl group. Pet. 28–29 (Table B2, compound 2(a)). 
Petitioner asserts that compound 2’s propargylamine group functions 
as limitation Z of claim 1. Id. We therefore consider whether Petitioner has 
established whether the propargylamine group of Morales-Sanfrutos’s 
compound 2 would function to enable linkage of a hydrophilic linker to a 
cytotoxic drug, as claim 1 recites. Ex. 1002, 1:40–45. 
In the Petition, Petitioner asserts that claim 1 does not require 
conjugation of the linker to the cytotoxic drug, only that Z enable such a 
reaction. Pet. 31. Petitioner further contends that “[a]lkynyl functionalities 
are known in the art as able to react with an N3 (azide) group to form a 
heteroaromatic bond, and Morales-Sanfrutos discloses an alkynyl used to 
link biotin (an example of a drug) to a sulfone-containing linker” and “the 
’682 patent discloses a formula (I) compound containing an azide that reacts 
with an alkynyl on a drug to form the exact same heteroaromatic bond 
disclosed years before in Morales-Sanfrutos.” Id. at 31–32 (citing Ex. 1005, 
4041, 4043–4044; Ex. 1003 ¶ 87; Ex. 1001, Fig. 13). 
Patent Owner argues that “the alkyne in Morales-Sanfrutos’s 
compounds is designed to react with an azide in a small-molecule 
compound, which must be catalyzed by a copper catalyst,” “Morales-
Sanfrutos repeatedly emphasizes that ‘copper catalyst is toxic for living 
organisms and induces degradation of the structures of the biomolecule in 
vitro,’” and “Dr. Chari confirmed that a POSA was moving away from 
copper catalysts due to the toxicity.” Resp. 44 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 164–165, 
181; Ex. 1005, 4040, 4043; Ex. 2037, 33:18–34:8). According to Patent 

--- Page 88 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
88 
Owner, mapping an alkyne to Y “is directly contrary to Morales-Sanfrutos’s 
teachings.” Id. 
Petitioner asserts that “[v]inyl sulfone linkages to CBAs and 
functionalizing drugs with azides were known to a POSA” and “the 
reactions between the azides and alkynyl moieties propargylamine group, as 
taught by Morales-Sanfrutos, were also well-known (referred to as ‘Click 
Chemistry’).” Reply 15–16 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 54–56, 87; Ex. 1076 ¶¶ 13–
17, 33). According to Petitioner, “the synthesis of anti-cancer [matrix 
metalloprotease] inhibitors via Click chemistry reaction of propargylamine 
and azide groups, resulting in a heteroaromatic bond, has been reported: 
 
Id. at 16 (citing Ex. 1068, 3821). In view of this, Petitioner argues that 
“propargylamine groups satisfy the Z limitation because they enable 
linkages to drugs via, e.g., heteroaromatic bond linkages.” Id. 
Petitioner’s arguments sufficiently demonstrate that the 
propargylamine group of Morales-Sanfrutos’s compound 2 would enable 
linkage with a cytotoxic drug, as claim 1 recites. As noted above, the 
Petition sets forth arguments that the propargylamine group functions as Z 
(Pet. 28 (Table B2)) and that its alkynyl functionality would react with an 

--- Page 89 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
89 
azide (N3) group to form a heteroaromatic bond (id. at 31–32). Dr. Chari 
cites references to show that cytotoxic drugs may have an azide group. Ex. 
1076 ¶ 15 (citing Ex. 1077; Ex. 1083; Ex. 1084). We agree that Exhibit 
1083, page 2, shows that anticancer drugs like doxorubicin and daunorubicin 
can have an azide (N3) group. Dr. Chari also makes the same explanation as 
Petitioner regarding the reaction of an alkynyl of a propargylamine group 
with an azide to form a heteroaromatic bond. Ex. 1076 ¶¶ 16–17 (citing Ex. 
1068, 3821) (explaining that the positions of the propargylamine group and 
azide are switched but their reaction is nevertheless well-known). 
With regard to Patent Owner’s arguments regarding catalyzation via 
copper and that mapping to Y is contrary to Morales-Sanfrutos’s teachings 
(Resp. 44), we note that this ground is based on anticipation, not 
obviousness, and find these arguments unpersuasive for that reason. See 
Celeritas Techs. Ltd. v. Rockwell Int’l Corp., 150 F.3d 1354, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 
1998) (“A reference is no less anticipatory if, after disclosing the invention, 
the reference then disparages it. Thus, the question whether a reference 
‘teaches away’ from the invention is inapplicable to an anticipation 
analysis.” (citation omitted). 
Because Morales-Sanfrutos’s compound 2 satisfies claim 1’s 
limitations, we next consider whether compound 2 satisfies claim 2’s 
limitations. 
As noted above, Petitioner asserts that compound 2’s propargylamine 
group functions as Z for claim 1. Pet. 28 (Table B2). For claim 2, Petitioner 
argues that “[a]s shown in Table B1, Morales-Sanfrutos’s compound 2 has 
an amino group.” Id. at 32. Petitioner explains that the Petition cited the 

--- Page 90 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
90 
propargylamine group for Z, which possesses an amino group to satisfy 
claim 2. Resp. 19–21 (citing Ex. 1076 ¶¶ 22–25). 
As discussed above, compound 2’s propargylamine group has the 
following structure: 
 
Pet. 28 (Table B2). Dr. Chari opines that this propargylamine group 
includes an “amino portion” that “is only mono-alkylated (i.e., still present 
as NH. . .).” Ex. 1076 ¶ 23. We agree that this sufficiently demonstrates 
that compound 2’s propargylamine group would satisfy claim 2’s 
limitations. 
Patent Owner cites its arguments for claim 1 regarding the mapping of 
vinyl to Y and argues that Petitioner’s positions regarding Z are inconsistent 
between claims 1 and 2. Resp. 48–49; Sur-reply 18. We do not agree with 
Patent Owner for the reasons discussed above in our claim construction 
section for Y and because Petitioner’s arguments and explanation are 
consistent with the position set forth for compound 2 in Table B2 of the 
Petition. 
For these reasons, Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of 
the evidence in the record that claim 2 is anticipated by Morales-Sanfrutos. 
 
Claims 25 and 33 
Claim 25 depends from claim 24 and recites “wherein when Q and T 
are each independently –S(O2)– or –S(O)–, at least one of R1, R2, R3 and R4 
comprises the polyethyleneoxy unit of formula (OCH2CH2)p; and each of 

--- Page 91 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
91 
remaining R1, R2, R3 and R4 comprises an alkyl or (OCH2CH2)p.” Ex. 1002, 
7:21–26. 
Claim 33 depends from claim 3 and also recites “wherein when Q and 
T are each independently –S(O2)– or –S(O)–, at least one of R1, R2, R3 and 
R4 comprises the polyethyleneoxy unit of formula (OCH2CH2)p; and each of 
remaining R1, R2, R3 and R4 comprises an alkyl or (OCH2CH2)p.” Ex. 1002, 
12:29–33. 
Our analysis begins by focusing on whether Petitioner’s arguments 
demonstrate that claims 3 and 24 would have been obvious and are thus 
unpatentable over Morales-Sanfrutos, as evidenced by Straus. Specifically, 
we focus on whether Petitioner has sufficiently demonstrated that Morales-
Sanfrutos, as evidenced by Straus, teaches a linker including a cell-binding 
agent, as claims 3 and 24 require. 
In our discussion of claim 2 above, we agreed with the DRP’s 
reasoning for mapping the vinyl portion of vinyl sulfone to Y and that this 
would satisfy the “enables reaction” language of claim 1. DRP Dec. 16. 
However, we note that the reasoning for that Decision was limited to claim 1 
and did not reach claim 3. Id. 
Petitioner addresses cell-binding agent (Cb) of claims 3 and 24 by 
citing Morales-Sanfrutos’s HRP. Pet. 34–35 (Table B3). Petitioner further 
contends that “HRP is a known cell-binding agent, as evidenced by Straus.” 
Id. at 36 (citing Ex. 1006, 277; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 59, 90). 
Patent Owner cites its arguments for claim 1 that are relevant to this 
issue. Resp. 49, 44–48. Specifically, Patent Owner asserts that Morales-
Sanfrutos does not disclose a cell-binding agent because “Morales-Sanfrutos 
specifically describes HRP as a reporter that functions through its peroxidase 

--- Page 92 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
92 
enzymatic activity, not through binding to any cells.” Id. at 45 (citing Ex. 
1005, 4039, 4043; Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 166–168). With regard to Straus, Patent 
Owner contends that “Morales-Sanfrutos expressly describes HRP as a 
peroxidase reporter for in vitro biological assays, not for binding to any 
cells” but, “[i]n contrast, . . . , Straus describes ‘unusual’ binding of HRP to 
previously dried and methanol-treated cells under highly artificial 
conditions.” Id. at 46 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 169–172). According to Patent 
Owner, Petitioner fails to show that Morales-Sanfrutos’s HRP would 
function as a cell-binding agent under either party’s construction of that 
term. Id. (citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 188). Patent Owner asserts that Dr. Chari’s 
testimony for this matter is conclusory and is entitled to no weight. Id. at 
46–47 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 59, 90). Patent Owner also argues that “Straus 
describes a cytochemical method that involves highly artificial conditions, 
such as drying the cells, treating them with cold methanol, and fixing them 
in a paraformaldehyde solution” and therefore “Straus’ disclosures 
demonstrate the opposite—that HRP does not necessarily and inherently 
bind cells under normal physiological conditions.” Id. at 47 (citing Ex. 2038 
¶¶ 82–85, 169–172; Ex. 1006, 279, 282). According to Patent Owner, one 
of ordinary skill in the art “would not have looked to Straus to inform their 
understanding of Morales-Sanfrutos.” Id. at 47–48 (citing Ex. 2038 ¶ 189). 
Petitioner argues that our decision in the Institution Decision after 
remand should stand but, regardless, “Straus expressly teaches that HRP 
binds to the surfaces of specific cell populations” and one of ordinary skill in 
the art “would have readily appreciated Straus’s teachings as applying to 
HRP binding in living cells.” Reply 18 (citing Ex. 1006, 277, 281, 283, 
Figs. 1–14; Ex. 1075 ¶¶ 10–15, 20, 23). 

--- Page 93 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
93 
According to Petitioner, “Patent Owner’s argument that certain of 
Straus’ experimental results were conducted on cells that had been dried and 
treated with methanol and paraformaldehyde (POR, 36) is meritless” and 
“Straus’ techniques are known as cell ‘fixation,’ which preserves cells in 
their natural state precisely so that binding experiments can be subsequently 
conducted.” Reply 18 (citing Ex. 1075 ¶¶ 16–20). Petitioner argues that 
“‘fixation is one of the most critical steps in immunostaining’ and ‘the goal 
of fixation is to preserve cells and tissues in a life-like manner.’” Id. 
(quoting Ex. 1074, 55; citing Ex. 1075 ¶¶ 19–21). Petitioner contends that 
“[f]ixation ‘helps to prevent artifactual diffusion of cell components, . . . and 
avoids decomposition of the tissue’ and Straus’ techniques are widely used.” 
Id. (citing Ex. 1074, 56) (second alteration in original). Petitioner further 
argues that “Straus expressly states that its fixation techniques were 
necessary to avoid ‘background’ adsorption, and to prevent the washing 
away of key surface proteins that would otherwise skew the results” and that 
“Straus concludes that its fixation technique was ‘sufficient to study the 
binding of HRP to the cell surface.’” Id. at 18–19 (citing Ex. 1006, 282; Ex. 
1075 ¶ 23). 
Patent Owner responds by asserting that “[a]s Dr. Baker 
acknowledges, Straus discloses fixation techniques under which the cells are 
dead and no longer viable” and one of ordinary skill in the art “would 
understand from the context of the ’682 patent that a cell-binding agent 
targets and binds to living cells under in vitro, in vivo, or ex vivo conditions.” 
Sur-reply 17–18 (citing Ex. 1075 ¶ 23; Ex. 1063, 33:20–34:8). 
We consider whether Morales-Sanfrutos, as evidenced by Straus, 
demonstrates that HRP functions as a cell-binding agent, as required by 

--- Page 94 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
94 
claims 3 and 24. As stated above in our claim construction section, we 
construe “cell-binding agent” as “[a] molecule that binds to, complexes with 
or reacts with a moiety of a cell population sought to be therapeutically or 
otherwise biologically modified.” Ex. 1001, 14:42–44. 
Petitioner has not demonstrated that Morales-Sanfrutos’s HRP 
functions as a cell-binding agent in view of this construction. Straus 
evidences that HRP can bind cells that were previously dried and chemically 
treated with cold methanol. Ex. 1006, 277. Dr. Baker states that fixation 
processes like the one Straus describes are done “to preserve the cells in as 
natural of a state as possible (i.e., as close to their living state as possible) 
precisely so that cell binding experiments can then be conducted reliably and 
one can learn whether a given protein/agent will bind to those cells in their 
natural state.” Ex. 1075 ¶ 17. We conclude that Petitioner does not connect 
Straus’s teachings with our claim construction to demonstrate that Morales-
Sanfrutos’ss HRP is a cell-binding agent under our construction. 
Furthermore, Dr. Baker acknowledges that Straus reports “types and 
concentrations of various reagents that were found to suppress the binding of 
HRP to cell surfaces.” Ex. 1075 ¶ 11. Dr. Baker also acknowledges that 
“there are conditions in which HRP’s cell-surface binding can be inhibited 
or reversed.” Id. ¶ 15. To the extent Straus evidences that HRP can function 
as a cell-binding agent, it is under certain conditions, particularly when the 
HRP has been dried and treated with methanol. Ex. 1006, 277; Resp. 36. 
Petitioner does not sufficiently tie these conditions to those used in Morales-
Sanfrutos. In other words, Straus does not serve as evidence that HRP 
functions as a cell-binding agent under the particular conditions used by 
Morales-Sanfrutos. 

--- Page 95 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
95 
Morales-Sanfrutos is silent with regard to its HRP functioning as a 
cell-binding agent. With regard to Straus, Petitioner does not adequately 
explain why Straus’ teachings and the conditions Straus uses for its fixation 
technique would apply to Morales-Sanfrutos’s HRP and its linker. As a 
result, Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence in 
the record that Straus’ fixation technique evidences that HRP is a cell-
binding agent in the context of Morales-Sanfrutos, as required by claims 3 
and 24. 
For these reasons, Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance 
of the evidence in the record that claims 25 and 33 are anticipated by 
Morales-Sanfrutos, as evidenced by Straus. 
H. 
Ground 2 — Alleged Anticipation/Obviousness in view of 
Harris 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 20, 21, and 29–31 are anticipated by, 
or rendered obviousness in view of, Harris. Pet. 37–44. 
In our analysis of Ground 3 above, we conclude that all of challenged 
claims 1, 20, 21, and 29–31 are obvious in view of Singh. Accordingly, we 
need not reach Ground 2. See Bos. Sci. Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 
F. App’x 984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (non-precedential) (recognizing that the 
“Board need not address issues that are not necessary to the resolution of the 
proceeding” and, thus, agreeing that the Board has “discretion to decline to 
decide additional instituted grounds once the petitioner has prevailed on all 
its challenged claims”). 

--- Page 96 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
96 
I. 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
Patent Owner moves to exclude Exhibits 1089 and 1090. Paper 50. 
As we did not rely on either of Exhibits 1089 or 1090 in deciding this 
matter, Patent Owner’s motion is dismissed as moot. 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
Petitioner has demonstrated, by a preponderance of the evidence, that 
claims 1–17, 20, 21, 24, 26, and 29–31 are unpatentable over the cited prior 
art. 
Petitioner has not demonstrated, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that claims 25 and 32–34 are unpatentable over the cited prior art. 
In summary: 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–3, 6, 24–
25, 33 
102(a) 
Morales-Sanfrutos as 
evidenced by Straus25 
2 
25, 33 
1, 20, 21, 
29–31 
102(a)/
103(a) 
Harris26 
 
 
1–8, 10–
12, 14–17, 
20, 21, 24, 
26, 29–31 
102(a)/
103(a) 
Singh, Harris 
1, 3–8, 10–12, 
14–17, 20, 21, 
24, 26, 29–31 
2 
9, 13 
103(a) 
Singh, Harris, Bhakta 
9, 13 
 
2, 25, 32–
34 
103(a) 
Singh, Harris, Snow 
 
2, 25, 32–34 
 
25 Because we find that claims 1, 3, 6, and 24 are unpatentable under Ground 
3, we do not reach whether these claims are unpatentable in view of 
Morales-Sanfrutos, as evidence by Straus. 
26 Because we find that claims 1, 20, 21, and 29–31 are unpatentable under 
Ground 3, we do not reach whether these claims are unpatentable in view of 
Harris. 

--- Page 97 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
97 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–17, 20, 21, 
24, 26, 29–31 
25, 32–34 
 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown that claims 1–17, 20, 21, 24, 26, 
29–31 of the ’682 patent are unpatentable; 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not shown that claims 25 and 32–34 of 
the ’682 patent are unpatentable; 
ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude Exhibits 1089 and 
1090 is DISMISSED as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 

--- Page 98 ---
IPR2022-01531 
Patent 10,131,682 C1 
98 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Mike Houston 
Joseph Meara 
Jolene Fernandes 
FOLEY & LARDNER LLP 
mhouston@foley.com 
jmeara-pgp@foley.com 
jfernandes@foley.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Francis Cerrito 
Frank Calvosa 
Catherine Mattes 
Tara Srinivasan 
QUINN EMANUEL URQUHART & SULLIVAN, LLP 
nickcerrito@quinnemanuel.com 
frankcalvosa@quinnemanuel.com 
catherinemattes@quinnemanuel.com 
tarasrinivasan@quinnemanuel.com