--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 78 
Tel: 571-272-7822 
Entered: July 19, 2022 
 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
 
LIQUIDIA TECHNOLOGIES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
 
UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORPORATION, 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
 
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
 
 
 
Before ERICA A. FRANKLIN, CHRISTOPHER M. KAISER, 
and DAVID COTTA, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
KAISER, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
2 
 
INTRODUCTION 
A. Background 
Liquidia Technologies, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 2, 
“Pet.”) requesting an inter partes review of claims 1–8 of U.S. Patent 
No. 10,716,793 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’793 patent”). United Therapeutics 
Corporation (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 13 
(“Prelim. Resp.”). 
On August 11, 2021, we instituted inter partes review of claims 1–8 
of the ’793 patent on all grounds set forth in the Petition. Paper 18 (“Inst. 
Dec.”). After institution of trial, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 29, 
“PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 44), and Patent Owner filed a 
Sur-Reply (Paper 55). In addition, both parties filed Motions to Exclude 
Evidence (Papers 65 and 66), Oppositions to their respective opponents’ 
Motions to Exclude (Papers 68 and 69), and Replies in support of their own 
Motions to Exclude (Papers 71 and 72). At the request of both parties, we 
held an oral hearing, the transcript of which has been entered into the record. 
Paper 77 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. This is a Final Written 
Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) as to the patentability of the challenged 
claims of the ’793 patent. For the reasons discussed below, we determine 
Petitioner has established by a preponderance of the evidence that each of 
claims 1–8 of the ’793 patent is unpatentable. 
B. Related Matters 
The parties identify United Therapeutics Corporation v. Liquidia 
Technologies, Inc., 1:20-cv-00755-RGA (D. Del.) (“the District Court 
proceeding”), as a related matter. Pet. 1; Paper 3, 1. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
3 
C. The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–8 of the ’793 patent are unpatentable 
based on the following grounds (Pet. 30–68):1 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–8 
103(a) 
’212 patent,3 Voswinckel JESC,4 
Voswinckel JAHA5 
1–8 
103(a) 
’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC 
1 
102(a) 
Ghofrani6 
1, 3, 8 
103(a) 
Voswinckel JAHA, Ghofrani 
1, 3 
102(a) 
Voswinckel 20067 
 
1 Petitioner also relies on declarations from Nicholas Hill, M.D., and Igor 
Gonda, Ph.D. Exs. 1002, 1004, 1106, 1107. 
2 The ’793 patent claims a priority date of May 15, 2006, and Petitioner 
“assumes the relevant priority date . . . is May 15, 2006.” Pet. 12; Ex. 1001, 
code (60). Accordingly, patentability is governed by the versions of 
35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 preceding the amendments in the Leahy-Smith 
America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 Stat. 284 (2011). 
3 US 6,521,212 B1, issued Feb. 18, 2003 (Ex. 1006) (alleged to be prior art 
under 35 U.S.C. §§ 102(a), (b), (e)). 
4 Voswinckel, R., et al., Inhaled treprostinil is a potent pulmonary 
vasodilator in severe pulmonary hypertension, 25 EUROPEAN HEART J. 22 
(2004) (Ex. 1007) (alleged to be prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b)). 
5 Robert Voswinckel, et al., Inhaled Treprostinil Sodium (TRE) For the 
Treatment of Pulmonary Hypertension, in Abstracts from the 2004 Scientific 
Sessions of the American Heart Association, 110 CIRCULATION III-295 (Oct. 
26, 2004) (Ex. 1008) (alleged to be prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b)). 
6 Hossein Ardeschir Ghofrani, et al., Neue Therapieoptionen in der 
Behandlung der pulmonalarteriellen Hypertonie, 30 HERZ 296–302 (June 
2005) (Ex. 1010) (alleged to be prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a)). We rely 
on the English translation that follows the German original article as part of 
Ex. 1010. 
7 Robert Voswinckel, et al., Inhaled Treprostinil for Treatment of Chronic 
Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension, 144 ANNALS OF INTERNAL MEDICINE 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
4 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
2, 4–8 
103(a) 
Voswinckel 2006, ’212 patent 
D. The ’793 Patent 
The ’793 patent, titled “Treprostinil Administration by Inhalation,” 
issued on July 21, 2020. Ex. 1001, codes (45), (54). The patent “relates to 
methods and kits for therapeutic treatment and, more particularly, to 
therapeutic methods involving administering treprostinil using a metered 
dose inhaler and related kits.” Id. at 1:20–23. 
Treprostinil “is a prostacyclin analogue” that may be used to treat 
pulmonary hypertension. Id. at 5:37–41. According to the ’793 patent, it 
was previously known to administer treprostinil by intravenous, 
subcutaneous, or inhalation routes to treat any of several conditions, 
including pulmonary hypertension. Id. at 5:42–58. 
The ’793 patent relates to the administration of treprostinil in high 
concentrations over a short inhalation time. Id. at 16:61–63, 17:44–46. This 
method of administration is described as reducing pulmonary vascular 
resistance and pulmonary artery pressure, as well as increasing cardiac 
output. Id. at 16:32–42, Fig. 10. 
E. Illustrative Claim 
Claims 1–8 of the ’793 patent are challenged. Claim 1 is independent 
and illustrative; it recites: 
1. A method of treating pulmonary hypertension 
comprising administering by inhalation to a human 
suffering from pulmonary hypertension a 
therapeutically effective single event dose of a 
 
149–50 (January 2006) (Ex. 1009) (alleged to be prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(a)). 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
5 
formulation comprising treprostinil or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof with an 
inhalation device, wherein the therapeutically 
effective single event dose comprises from 15 
micrograms to 90 micrograms of treprostinil or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof delivered 
in 1 to 3 breaths. 
Ex. 1001, 18:23–31. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, we construe a claim in an unexpired patent 
“in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such claim as 
understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution history 
pertaining to the patent.” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020). “[T]he ordinary 
and customary meaning of a claim term is the meaning that the term would 
have to a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the 
invention.” Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1313 (Fed. Cir. 2005) 
(en banc). “Importantly, the person of ordinary skill in the art is deemed to 
read the claim term not only in the context of the particular claim in which 
the disputed term appears, but in the context of the entire patent, including 
the specification.” Id. 
Neither party presents any terms for construction. Pet. 12–13 
(“Petitioner does not believe construction of any claim term is required”); 
PO Resp. 7 (not proposing construction of any terms). Accordingly, we 
determine that no express construction of any claim term is necessary in 
order to decide whether to institute trial. Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan 
Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (citing Vivid 
Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999) 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
6 
(“[O]nly those terms need be construed that are in controversy, and only to 
the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.”)). 
B. Asserted Obviousness over ’212 Patent, Voswinckel JESC, and 
Voswinckel JAHA 
Petitioner argues that claims 1–8 would have been obvious over the 
combination of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA. 
Pet. 30–46. Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to show that 
Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA are prior art to the ’793 patent. 
PO Resp. 11–18. Patent Owner also argues that Petitioner fails to show that 
this combination of references teaches or suggest all the limitations of any of 
the challenged claims. PO Resp. 18–22, 38–40. In addition, Patent Owner 
also argues that Petitioner fails to show that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would have had a reason to combine the teachings of these references. 
Id. at 23–38. 
1. 
’212 Patent 
The ’212 patent teaches “[a] method of delivering benzindene 
prostaglandins to a patient by inhalation.” Ex. 1006, code (57). In 
particular, the ’212 patent teaches the use of “[a] benzindene prostaglandin 
known as UT-15,” which “has unexpectedly superior results when 
administered by inhalation compared to parenterally administered UT-15 in 
sheep with induced pulmonary hypertension.” Id. There is evidence in the 
present record that “UT-15” was also known as “Remodulin” or “treprostinil 
sodium.” Ex. 1035, 582. According to the ’212 patent, the UT-15 may be 
delivered either as droplets formed “from a solution or liquid containing the 
active ingredient(s)” via a nebulizer, or as a solid-phase powder via an 
inhaler. Ex. 1006, 5:30–41. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
7 
According to the ’212 patent, this method may be used to “treat[] 
pulmonary hypertension in a mammal.” Id. at 14:9–12. Moreover, the ’212 
patent teaches “medical use” of its method in a “human.” Id. at 7:4–5. The 
necessary dose to achieve “a particular therapeutic purpose will, of course, 
depend upon the specific circumstances of the patient being treated and the 
magnitude of the effect desired by the patient’s doctor. Titration to effect 
may be used to determine proper dosage.” Id. at 6:66–7:3. “[A]erosolized 
UT-15 has a greater potency as compared to intravascularly administered 
UT-15,” so the ’212 patent teaches delivering “only a fraction (10–50%) of 
the dosage delivered intravascularly” when using its inhalation delivery 
method. Id. at 8:8–12. Even at “high doses,” however, the ’212 patent 
teaches a lack of “significant non-lung effects, i.e., heart rate, cardiac 
output.” Id. at 10:51–54. 
2. 
Voswinckel JESC 
Voswinckel JESC discusses a study to investigate “the acute 
hemodynamic response to inhaled treprostinil.” Ex. 1007, 7. Of the 29 
patients in the study, eight were administered a placebo, groups of six 
patients each were administered 16, 32, and 48 μg/mL solutions of 
treprostinil, and three patients were administered a solution containing 64 
μg/mL of treprostinil. Id. Each administration used an “OptiNeb ultrasound 
nebulizer, [made by] Nebu-Tec, Germany” for six minutes. Id. For each 
patient, various measurements were taken before administration of the 
treprostinil and at 0, 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, and 180 minutes after 
administration. Id. According to Voswinckel JESC, “[t]reprostinil 
inhalation results in a significant long-lasting pulmonary vasodilatation,” 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
8 
and, “at a concentration of 16 μg/mL, near maximal pulmonary 
vasodilatation is achieved without adverse effects.” Id. 
3. 
Voswinckel JAHA 
Voswinckel JAHA discusses a study of 17 patients with “severe 
pulmonary hypertension” who received treprostinil inhalations. Ex. 1008, 3. 
These inhalations each involved “3 single breaths” using a “pulsed 
OptiNeb® ultrasound nebulizer” and a “600 μg/mL” treprostinil solution. 
Id. In addition, “[t]wo patients with idiopathic PAH received compassionate 
treatment with 4 inhalations of TRE per day after the acute test” and were 
“treated for more than 3 months.” Id. According to Voswinckel JAHA, 
“inhalation resulted in a sustained, highly pulmonary selective vasodilatation 
over 120 minutes,” showing “strong pulmonary selective vasodilatory 
efficacy with a long duration of effect following single acute dosing,” and 
“[t]olerability is excellent even at high drug concentrations and short 
inhalation times (3 breaths).” Id. 
4. 
Prior-Art Status of Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA 
In arguing that claims 1–8 would have been obvious, Petitioner relies 
on Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA, but Patent Owner argues that 
Petitioner fails to show sufficiently that either of these references qualifies as 
a “printed publication.” PO Resp. 11–18. 
Only “prior art consisting of patents or printed publications” may 
form “the basis of” an inter partes review. 35 U.S.C. § 311(b). Neither 
Voswinckel JESC nor Voswinckel JAHA is a patent, so Petitioner may not 
rely on these references unless they are “printed publications.” Id. Public 
accessibility is the “touchstone in determining whether a reference 
constitutes a printed publication,” and a reference is considered publicly 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
9 
accessible only if it was “disseminated or otherwise made available to the 
extent that persons interested and ordinarily skilled in the subject matter or 
art exercising reasonable diligence, can locate it.” Kyocera Wireless Corp. 
v. Int’l Trade Comm’n, 545 F.3d 1340, 1350 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (quoting SRI 
Int’l, Inc. v. Internet Sec. Sys. Inc., 511 F.3d 1186, 1194 (Fed. Cir. 2008); In 
re Hall, 781 F.2d 897, 898–99 (Fed. Cir. 1986)). 
Patent Owner argues that, because Petitioner relies on Voswinckel 
JESC and Voswinckel JAHA having been “stored in libraries, public 
accessibility requires that the reference be both available at the library and 
sufficiently indexed or catalogued by the priority date.” PO Resp. 12 (citing 
Blue Calypso, LLC v. Groupon, Inc., 815 F.3d 1331, 1348 (Fed. Cir. 2016); 
In re Klopfenstein, 380 F.3d 1345, 1349 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). According to 
Patent Owner, Petitioner fails to show sufficiently either of these 
requirements. Id. at 12–18. 
But Petitioner does not rely solely on availability in libraries to show 
the prior-art status of Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA. Instead, 
Petitioner also argues that “Voswinckel JESC is an abstract presented at the 
European Society of Cardiology (JESC) Congress,” that Voswinckel JAHA 
“was publicly presented at the 2004 Scientific Sessions of the American 
Heart Association,” and that both references were cited in other documents 
dating from before the priority date of the ’793 patent whose public 
accessibility is not at issue. Pet. 22; Reply 3–4, 6–8. 
Patent Owner objects that Petitioner’s public-presentation and 
citation-in-other-references arguments are untimely because they should 
have been, but were not, presented in the Petition. Sur-Reply 2–3. We 
disagree. First, the argument that Voswinckel JESC was presented publicly 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
10 
appears in the Petition. Pet. 22. Second, although other of Petitioner’s 
arguments appear for the first time in the Reply, they are not untimely. 
Reply 3–4, 6–8. 
Petitioner is permitted a “limited opportunit[y]” to present new 
evidence in or with its Reply, as long as that new evidence is “responsive to 
the prior briefing” and does not constitute “changing theories after filing 
[the] petition.” Hulu, LLC v. Sound View Innovations, LLC, IPR2018-
01039, Paper 29, at 14–15 (PTAB Dec. 20, 2019) (precedential). Here, both 
of the arguments that Patent Owner alleges are new—the argument that 
Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA were presented publicly and the 
argument that these references were cited in other publicly available 
references—respond to Patent Owner’s argument in the Patent Owner 
Response that Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA were not publicly 
accessible. PO Resp. 11–18. The argument that Voswinckel JESC was 
publicly presented is not a change in theory from the Petition, because 
Petitioner presented this argument in the Petition. Pet. 22. As to both 
Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA, Petitioner’s Reply evidence 
showing citation to the references in other publicly accessible documents is 
merely additional evidence supporting Petitioner’s original theory that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art could have located the references. 
Accordingly, we find that the following arguments made by Petitioner are 
not untimely: (1) that Voswinckel JESC was presented publicly, (2) that 
Voswinckel JESC was referenced in a publicly accessible document, and (3) 
that Voswinckel JAHA was referenced in a publicly accessible document. 
Given the evidence supporting Petitioner’s timely arguments, we are 
persuaded that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
11 
Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA were publicly accessible. “[T]he 
presence of a ‘research aid’ can . . . establish public accessibility” of a 
reference if that research aid “provide[s] a skilled artisan with a sufficiently 
definite roadmap leading to” the reference by “provid[ing] enough details 
[to] determine that an interested party is reasonably certain to arrive at the 
destination: the potentially invalidating reference.” Blue Calypso, LLC v. 
Groupon, Inc., 815 F.3d 1331, 1350 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
Here, Petitioner directs us to research aids for finding both 
Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA: a “June 2005 Ghofrani article in 
the journal Herz” for the former, and “a March 2005 article authored by 
Roxana Sulica et al. in the Expert Review of Cardiovascular Therapy” for 
the latter. Reply 3, 7 (citing Ex. 1010, 298, 301; Ex. 1104, 359). The 
Ghofrani article cites Voswinckel JESC as providing a solution to patients 
experiencing “pain at the injection site” by replacing injected treprostinil for 
“pulmonary arterial hypertension” with “inhaled treprostinil.” Ex. 1010, 
298 (citing reference 6), 301 (defining reference 6 as Voswinckel JESC). 
The Ghofrani article also discusses the study reported in Voswinckel JESC, 
summarizing both the “major reduction in pulmonary selective pressure and 
resistance” and the lack of “adverse effects” described in Voswinckel JESC. 
Id. The Sulica article cites to Voswinckel JAHA, explaining that the 
reference reports that “inhaled treprostinil demonstrated substantial 
pulmonary vasodilatory efficacy in acute administration, as well as 
symptomatic and functional benefit in chronic use in a small number of PAH 
patients.” Ex. 1104, 351, 359. Thus, both the Ghofrani article and the 
Sulica article provide roadmaps directing a person of ordinary skill in the art 
looking for successful studies discussing the use of inhaled treprostinil in 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
12 
pulmonary arterial hypertension straight to Voswinckel JESC or Voswinckel 
JAHA. Because these articles provide these roadmaps, they are “research 
aid[s]” that “establish [the] public accessibility” of Voswinckel JESC and 
Voswinckel JAHA. Blue Calypso, 815 F.3d at 1350. 
5. 
Analysis 
Petitioner argues that the combination of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel 
JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA teaches or suggests the subject matter of 
claims 1–8 and that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have had a 
reason to combine the teachings of these references with a reasonable 
expectation of success. Pet. 30–46. Patent Owner argues that this 
combination of references fails to teach or suggest delivering a dose of 
treprostinil within the dose range of the challenged claims in a single dosing 
event of one to three breaths. Prelim. Resp. 42–55. 
a. Claim 1 
(1) “A method of treating pulmonary hypertension 
comprising administering by inhalation to a 
human suffering from pulmonary hypertension 
a therapeutically effective single event dose of a 
formulation comprising treprostinil or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof” 
Claim 1 recites “[a] method of treating pulmonary hypertension 
comprising administering by inhalation to a human suffering from 
pulmonary hypertension a therapeutically effective single event dose of a 
formulation comprising treprostinil or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt 
thereof.” Ex. 1001, 18:23–27. Petitioner argues that the ’212 patent, 
Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA each teach or suggest this 
limitation. Pet. 35–37. Patent Owner does not dispute this argument. 
PO Resp. 10–40. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
13 
The ’212 patent teaches treating pulmonary hypertension via 
inhalation of a benzindene prostaglandin called UT-15, which was also 
known as “treprostinil sodium.” Ex. 1006, code (57) (identifying 
“benzindene prostaglandin” as “UT-15”), 2:66–3:5 (“This invention relates 
to . . . a method of treating pulmonary hypertension by administering an 
effective amount of a benzindene prostaglandin to a mammal in need thereof 
by inhalation.”); Ex. 1035, 582 (“UT-15” also known as “treprostinil 
sodium”). Voswinckel JAHA teaches treating “patients with severe 
pulmonary hypertension” with “Inhaled Treprostinil Sodium (TRE)” with 
“3 single breaths” of “TRE solution 600 μg/ml,” resulting in “strong 
pulmonary selective vasodilatory efficacy with a long duration of effect 
following single acute dosing.” Ex. 1008, 3. Voswinckel JESC describes 
“the acute hemodynamic response to inhaled treprostinil” following the 
administration to patients of nebulized treprostinil solution in concentrations 
of 16, 32, 48, and 64 μg/ml for six minutes, resulting in “significant long-
lasting pulmonary vasodilatation” without “adverse effects.” Ex. 1007, 7. 
Accordingly, Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence 
that the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA each teach or 
suggest this portion of claim 1. 
(2) “With an inhalation device” 
Next, claim 1 recites “with an inhalation device.” Ex. 1001, 
18:27–28. Petitioner argues that the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and 
Voswinckel JAHA each teach or suggest this limitation. Pet. 37. Patent 
Owner does not dispute this argument. PO Resp. 10–40. The ’212 patent 
teaches the use in its inhalation method of “a nebulizer, inhaler, atomizer or 
aerosolizer” to “form[] droplets from a solution or liquid containing the 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
14 
active ingredient(s).” Ex. 1006, 5:30–32. Both Voswinckel JESC and 
Voswinckel JAHA teach the use of a “nebulizer” in their inhalation 
methods. Ex. 1007, 7 (“OptiNeb ultrasound nebulizer”); Ex. 1008, 3 (“the 
pulsed OptiNeb® ultrasound nebulizer”). Dr. Hill testifies that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood “that nebulizers and inhalers 
are inhalation devices.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 94. Accordingly, Petitioner has shown 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, 
and Voswinckel JAHA each teach or suggest this limitation of claim 1. 
(3) “Wherein the therapeutically effective single 
event dose comprises from 15 micrograms to 90 
micrograms of treprostinil or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof” 
Claim 1 recites “wherein the therapeutically effective single event 
dose comprises from 15 micrograms to 90 micrograms of treprostinil or a 
pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof.” Ex. 1001, 18:28–30. Petitioner 
argues that the combination of the ’212 patent and Voswinckel JESC teaches 
or suggests this limitation. Pet. 37–40. Patent Owner disagrees. PO 
Resp. 18–38. 
Petitioner calculates the dose that the prior art teaches delivering by 
inhalation in three separate ways: (1) relying on Voswinckel JESC’s solution 
concentrations and solution volumes taught by Ex. 1037, (2) relying on 
Voswinckel JESC’s solution concentrations and solution volumes normally 
delivered according to the testimony of Petitioner’s declarants, and 
(3) relying on the ’212 patent’s conversion from an intravascular treprostinil 
dose to an equivalent inhaled dose. Pet. 22–24, 38–39. According to 
Petitioner, each of these three calculation methods results in a teaching of a 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
15 
therapeutically effective single event dose comprising from 15 micrograms 
to 90 micrograms of treprostinil. Id. 
We agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner’s first and third 
calculation methods do not demonstrate that the prior art taught or suggested 
a therapeutically effective single event dose comprising from 15 micrograms 
to 90 micrograms of treprostinil, and we do not discuss these calculations 
any further. The preponderance of the evidence, however, supports 
Petitioner’s argument that its second calculation demonstrates that the prior 
art taught or suggested a therapeutically effective single event dose 
comprising from 15 micrograms to 90 micrograms of treprostinil. 
Voswinckel JESC teaches that “patients inhaled solvent solution 
(placebo) (n=8) or treprostinil for 6 min (OptiNeb ultrasound nebulizer, 
Nebu-tec, Germany) in concentrations of 16, 32, 48, and 64 μg/ml (n=6, 6, 
6, and 3 patients).” Ex. 1007, 7. Although this teaching shows 
administration to patients of inhaled solutions with particular concentrations 
of treprostinil, it does not disclose the amount of solution administered, 
which is necessary in order to calculate the amount of treprostinil 
administered. Id. Petitioner directs us to the testimony of its declarants, 
Dr. Nicholas Hill and Dr. Igor Gonda, to understand how a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have interpreted Voswinckel JESC’s 
disclosure. Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 65; Ex. 1004 ¶ 56). Dr. Gonda 
testifies that “in May 2006 . . . nebulizers conventionally deliver[ed] 
between 1 and 5 mL” of solution. Ex. 1004 ¶ 56. Relying on Dr. Gonda’s 
testimony as well as his own experience, Dr. Hill testifies that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art in 2006 would have understood that “nebulizers . . . 
nebulize (i.e. aerosolize liquid) at least” 1 mL of solution. Ex. 1002 ¶ 65. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
16 
Multiplying Voswinckel JESC’s 16, 32, 48, or 64 micrograms of treprostinil 
per milliliter of solution by the 1 to 5 milliliters of solution in the testimony 
of Drs. Hill and Gonda, a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
interpreted Voswinckel JESC as teaching the delivery of 16–80, 32–160, 
48–240, or 64–320 micrograms of treprostinil. Each of those four dose 
ranges has at least one endpoint that falls within the 15–90 microgram 
claimed range. 
Patent Owner argues that this evidence is insufficient to show that the 
combination of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA 
teaches or suggests a therapeutically effective single event dose comprising 
from 15 micrograms to 90 micrograms of treprostinil. Specifically, Patent 
Owner argues that the volume of solution that Drs. Hill and Gonda testify 
was typically used in nebulizers is “the fill volume,” or the amount of 
solution loaded into a nebulizer to be nebulized, which cannot be used with 
the concentrations in Voswinckel JESC to arrive at the amount of treprostinil 
actually delivered to a patient. PO Resp. 30–31. This is because “there is no 
guarantee that the entire fill volume would be completely nebulized in” the 
time period over which Voswinckel JESC teaches delivering its dose of 
treprostinil. Id. at 30. In addition, Patent Owner argues that there were 
other factors that might have caused less than all the solution nebulized by a 
nebulizer to be actually delivered to the patient, none of which Petitioner 
accounts for. Id. at 31–32. 
Petitioner “presented evidence that nebulizers at the time typically 
involved fill volumes of 1-5mL.” Reply 10–11. To the extent that 
something less than the entire fill volume was delivered to the patient, either 
because it was not nebulized or because other factors resulted in the 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
17 
nebulized solution not reaching the mouthpiece, the preponderance of the 
evidence still supports the actual delivered solution volume being at least 
one milliliter. Dr. Hill testifies that the “at least 1 mL” of solution he 
discusses is the volume that “nebulizers at the time were known to 
nebulize,” not the amount of liquid loaded into the nebulizer. Ex. 1002 ¶ 65. 
Patent Owner’s declarant, Dr. Aaron Waxman, testifies that standard 
nebulizers had fill volumes of “3 to 5 [milliliters]” and that he had never 
administered a dose as low as one milliliter to a patient. Ex. 1108, 
153:1–22; 156:12–16. 
Thus, Voswinckel JESC teaches delivering solution with a treprostinil 
concentration of 16, 32, 48, or 64 micrograms per milliliter, and the 
preponderance of the evidence supports a finding that a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have understood the volume of solution delivered in 
Voswinckel JESC to be at least one milliliter. Accordingly, Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that Voswinckel JESC teaches or 
suggests a therapeutically effective single event dose comprising from 15 
micrograms to 90 micrograms of treprostinil. 
(4) “Delivered in 1 to 3 breaths” 
Claim 1 recites “delivered in 1 to 3 breaths.” Ex. 1001, 18:31. 
Petitioner argues that Voswinckel JAHA teaches or suggests this limitation. 
Pet. 40–41. Patent Owner does not dispute this teaching of Voswinckel 
JAHA. PO Resp. 10–40. 
Voswinckel JAHA teaches delivering to patients “a TRE inhalation by 
use of the pulsed OptiNeb® ultrasound nebulizer (3 single breaths, TRE 
solution 600 μg/ml).” Ex. 1008, 3. It also reports that “[t]olerability is 
excellent even at high drug concentrations and short inhalation times (3 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
18 
breaths).” Id. Accordingly, Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Voswinckel JAHA teaches or suggests this limitation of 
claim 1. 
b. Reason to Combine with a Reasonable Expectation 
of Success 
As discussed above, Petitioner has shown sufficiently on the present 
record that the combination of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and 
Voswinckel JAHA teaches or suggests every limitation of claim 1. This 
alone is not sufficient to show that the challenged claims would have been 
obvious; Petitioner also must show that a person of ordinary skill would 
have had a reason to combine the teachings of the references and would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so. 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reason to combine the teachings of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, 
and Voswinckel JAHA. Pet. 30–34. Patent Owner argues that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have had “serious concerns about side effects” 
that would have persuaded them not to combine the teachings of the ’212 
patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA. PO Resp. 37–38. 
The ’212 patent teaches the use of inhaled treprostinil sodium for the 
treatment of pulmonary hypertension at doses between 10 and 50 percent of 
the doses needed for intravascular delivery. Ex. 1006, code (57), 6:1–2, 
8:8–12. According to the ’212 patent, the inhaled treprostinil sodium is used 
in sheep, which are a model for pulmonary hypertension in humans. Id. 
at 9:14–27. Dr. Hill testifies that, based on these teachings, a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have looked for further information regarding 
“experimentation [with] inhaled treprostinil in humans.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 78. On 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
19 
the present record, such information can be found in Voswinckel JESC, 
which reports on a study in which humans with pulmonary hypertension 
inhaled treprostinil and experienced “significant long-lasting pulmonary 
vasodilatation . . . without adverse effects.” Ex. 1007, 7. 
Dr. Hill testifies that, based on the teachings of these references a 
person of ordinary skill would reasonably have expected that treprostinil 
could safely and effectively treat pulmonary hypertension in humans. 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 79. Dr. Hill also testifies that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
“would have been motivated to further decrease the 6 minute administration 
time in Voswinckel JESC.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 80. Specifically, Dr. Hill testifies 
that patients often did not adhere to “inhalation therapy for respiratory 
diseases,” that “[p]oor adherence to medication was known to correlate with 
worse outcomes,” and that “reducing administration time or the number of 
breaths required for therapy [was known to] improve adherence rates.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 36–37; Ex. 1030, 63; Ex. 1032, 179–80; Ex. 1077, 4). 
Voswinckel JAHA teaches administering treprostinil in three breaths using a 
high concentration of treprostinil in the aerosolized solution. Ex. 1008, 3. 
Accordingly, Dr. Hill testifies that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have looked to Voswinckel JAHA to improve patient adherence to the 
treatment suggested by the combination of the ’212 patent and Voswinckel 
JESC, providing a reason to combine its teachings with those of the other 
two references. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 80–82. 
Against this evidence, Patent Owner directs us to the report in 
Voswinckel JESC that “there were no significant adverse effects” at the 
lowest treprostinil concentration but that “mild and transient” “[h]eadache, 
cough or bronchoconstriction were observed” in some patients at higher 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
20 
doses, and that one patient at Voswinckel JESC’s highest treprostinil dose 
“complained of major headache for 1 hour.” Ex. 1007, 7; see 
PO Resp. 37–38. As Patent Owner puts it, “Voswinckel JESC warns in its 
Conclusion that ‘at a concentration of 16 μg/ml, near maximal pulmonary 
vasodilation is achieved without adverse effects’ but ‘[a]t higher doses, local 
and systemic side effects may occur.’” PO Resp. 37–38 (quoting Ex. 1007, 
7). Because Petitioner’s proffered reason to combine the teachings of the 
’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA requires an increase 
in treprostinil concentration in order to administer the full dose in three 
breaths, Patent Owner argues that Voswinckel JESC’s warning about side 
effects at higher doses would have persuaded a person of ordinary skill in 
the art not to pursue such a course. Id. 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s position. 
Patent Owner is correct that Voswinckel JESC notes that side effects could 
occur more frequently at higher doses than at lower doses. Ex. 1007, 7. But 
there is considerable evidence of record that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would not have avoided increasing Voswinckel JESC’s dose due to the 
side effects reported in Voswinckel JESC. First, Dr. Hill testifies that 
“[p]otential side effects are always weighed against potential clinical benefit, 
and pulmonary arterial hypertension is a serious, life-threatening disease 
where physicians and patients are more willing to tolerate side effects . . . to 
obtain clinical benefit.” Ex. 1106 ¶ 74. Second, Dr. Waxman testifies that 
“[u]sually the headache goes away” and “there are things that can be done to 
help ameliorate the cough so in general we are able to get over that issue.” 
Ex. 1108, 101:19–102:10. Together with Voswinckel JESC’s description of 
potential side effects as “mild and transient,” this evidence supports a 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
21 
finding that a person of ordinary skill in the art would not have been deterred 
from pursuing the course that is supported by the evidence to which 
Petitioner directs us. 
With respect to reasonable expectation of success, Petitioner argues 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in combining the teachings of the ’212 patent, 
Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA because Voswinckel JAHA 
teaches that “[t]olerability is excellent” for its short-duration, 
high-concentration treprostinil inhalation therapy. Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1008, 
3). Other than the argument discussed above about side effects reported in 
Voswinckel JESC, Patent Owner does not raise any timely counter to this 
argument.8 PO Resp. 10–40. The record supports Petitioner’s argument. 
Ex. 1008, 3. 
Accordingly, Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have had a reason to combine 
the teachings of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA 
and that they reasonably would have expected to succeed in doing so. 
 
8 In the Sur-Reply, Patent Owner raises for the first time three arguments 
against a reasonable expectation of success. Sur-Reply 21–22 (arguing that 
a person of ordinary skill in the art would not expect success in delivering 
Voswinckel JESC’s dose over Voswinckel JAHA’s three breaths because (1) 
it would require “increas[ing] the number [of] doses per day,” (2) 
Voswinckel JAHA “lacked any placebo arm,” and (3) Voswinckel JESC and 
Voswinckel JAHA used patients with differing pulmonary vascular 
resistances). “A sur-reply may only respond to arguments raised in the 
corresponding reply.” 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b). Petitioner’s Reply did not raise 
any argument regarding a reasonable expectation of success. Reply 1–27. 
Therefore, we do not consider these newly raised arguments as they exceed 
the proper scope of the Sur-Reply. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
22 
c. Objective Indicia of Nonobviousness 
Patent Owner directs us to evidence of three objective indicia that 
Patent Owner argues show the nonobviousness of the challenged claims. PO 
Resp. 55–62. Petitioner argues that the claims would have been obvious 
despite the evidence to which Patent Owner directs us. Reply 23–27. 
(1) Unexpected Results 
First, Patent Owner directs us to evidence that allegedly demonstrates 
that the challenged claims would have been nonobvious because they 
“unexpectedly achieved a therapeutically effective dose that was well 
tolerated” despite the fact that such “high doses of treprostinil were known 
in the art to produce dose-limiting side effects.” PO Resp. 55. According to 
Patent Owner, the challenged claims “produce[d] a new and unexpected 
result which is different in kind and not merely in degree from the results of 
the prior art,” which is evidence of those claims’ nonobviousness. Id. at 55–
57 (quoting In re Aller, 220 F.2d 454, 456 (CCPA 1955)). Specifically, 
Patent Owner argues that the inhaled treprostinil dose recited in the 
challenged claims represented an increase of “an order of magnitude” over 
“the maximal tolerated dose” of “intravenous epoprostenol” or “intravenous 
treprostinil.” Id. at 56. Similarly, Patent Owner argues that the challenged 
claims cover doses of inhaled treprostinil higher than a dose of inhaled 
iloprost that many patients were unable to tolerate. Id. at 56–57. 
“[U]nexpected results must establish . . . a difference between the 
results obtained and those of the closest prior art.” Bristol-Myers Squibb v. 
Teva Pharms. USA, 752 F.3d 967, 977 (Fed. Cir. 2014). Petitioner argues 
that the prior art over which Patent Owner argues the challenged claims 
showed unexpected results is not the closest prior art. Reply 24. We agree. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
23 
As noted above, Patent Owner argues that the challenged claims show 
unexpected results over inhaled iloprost, intravenous epoprostenol, and 
intravenous treprostinil. PO Resp. 55–57. But the challenged claims recite 
inhaled treprostinil, and, as discussed above, inhaled treprostinil is taught by 
each of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA. 
Ex. 1001, 18:22–44; Ex. 1006, code (57); Ex. 1007, 7; Ex. 1008, 3; 
Ex. 1035, 582. Patent Owner does not even allege that the results of the 
challenged claims are unexpected over these references.9 Accordingly, we 
find that the evidence of record does not establish that the challenged claims 
produced a result that was unexpected over the closest prior art. 
(2) Copying 
Second, Patent Owner directs us to evidence that allegedly 
demonstrates that the challenged claims would have been nonobvious 
because Petitioner copied Patent Owner’s product, Tyvaso, which is an 
embodiment of the challenged claims, when Petitioner developed its 
product, LIQ861. PO Resp. 57–61. 
“[F]or objective indicia of nonobviousness to be accorded substantial 
weight, its proponent must establish a nexus between the evidence and the 
merits of the claimed invention.” Lectrosonics, Inc. v. Zaxcom, Inc., 
IPR2018-01129, Paper 33, 32 (PTAB Jan. 24, 2020) (precedential) (citing 
ClassCo, Inc. v. Apple, Inc., 838 F.3d 1214, 1220 (Fed. Cir. 2016)). A 
patentee is entitled to a presumption of nexus “when the patentee shows that 
 
9 Patent Owner argues that Voswinckel JESC and Voswinckel JAHA are not 
prior art to the ’793 patent. PO Response 44–55; Sur-Reply 2–11, 25. As 
discussed above, however, Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that these references qualify as prior art. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
24 
the asserted objective evidence is tied to a specific product and that product 
‘embodies the claimed features, and is coextensive with them.’” Fox 
Factory, Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (quoting 
Polaris Indus., Inc. v. Arctic Cat, Inc., 882 F.3d 1056, 1072 (Fed. Cir. 2018) 
(quoting Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. v. Philip Morris Inc., 229 
F.3d 1120, 1130 (Fed. Cir. 2000))). 
Here, Patent Owner does not allege, let alone “show[]” as required by 
Fox Factory, that Petitioner’s LIQ861 product “is coextensive with” the 
features claimed in the ’793 patent. 944 F.3d at 1373; see PO Resp. 57–61; 
Sur-Reply 26. Patent Owner does allege that the LIQ861 product embodies 
the challenged claims, PO Resp. 58–61, and we presume for purposes of our 
analysis that Patent Owner’s allegation on this issue is correct. But Fox 
Factory requires both a showing that the product in question embodies the 
claims and a showing that the product in question is coextensive with the 
claims, and Patent Owner satisfies at most one of those two requirements. 
Accordingly, we find that a presumption of nexus is inappropriate. 
“A finding that a presumption of nexus is inappropriate does not end 
the inquiry into secondary considerations.” Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1373. 
“To the contrary, the patent owner is still afforded an opportunity to prove 
nexus by showing that the evidence of secondary considerations is the 
‘direct result of the unique characteristics of the claimed invention.’” Id. 
at 1373–74 (quoting In re Huang, 100 F.3d 135, 140 (Fed. Cir. 1996)). 
“Where the offered secondary consideration actually results from something 
other than what is both claimed and novel in the claim, there is no nexus to 
the merits of the claimed invention,” meaning that “there must be a nexus to 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
25 
some aspect of the claim not already in the prior art.” In re Kao, 639 F.3d 
1057, 1068–69 (Fed. Cir. 2011) (emphasis in original). 
On the other hand, there is no requirement that “objective evidence 
must be tied exclusively to claim elements that are not disclosed in a 
particular prior art reference in order for that evidence to carry substantial 
weight.” WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1331 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
A patent owner may show, for example, “that it is the claimed combination 
as a whole that serves as a nexus for the objective evidence; proof of nexus 
is not limited to only when objective evidence is tied to the supposedly 
‘new’ feature(s).” Id. Ultimately, the fact finder must weigh the secondary 
considerations evidence presented in the context of whether the claimed 
invention as a whole would have been obvious to a skilled artisan. Id. 
at 1331–32. 
Here, Patent Owner directs us to several pieces of evidence that it 
contends show the LIQ861 product has a nexus to the challenged claims. 
First, as noted above, Patent Owner argues that LIQ861 embodies those 
claims. PO Resp. 58–61. Second, Patent Owner notes that “[t]he 
pharmacokinetics and bioavailability of a 79.5 microgram capsule dose [of 
LIQ861] was directly compared [by Petitioner] with Patent Owner’s 
commercial product,” demonstrating that “Petitioner’s commercial product 
had comparable treprostinil bioavailability with Tyvaso® when delivered in 
a similar dosage range.” Id. at 57–58 (citing Ex. 2085). Third, Patent 
Owner directs us to the new drug application Petitioner filed with the FDA, 
“relying in part on FDA’s previous findings of efficacy and safety of 
Tyvaso® for the treatment of PAH.” Id. at 58 (citing Ex. 2089, 3). 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
26 
Taking these pieces of evidence in reverse order, we note first that the 
new drug application for LIQ861 was filed “under the 505(b)(2) regulatory 
pathway.” Id.; see also Reply 25; Ex. 2089, 3. As Petitioner notes, 
Reply 25, and as Patent Owner does not dispute, Sur-Reply 26, applications 
for drugs under this pathway do not necessarily copy all aspects of the 
original drug, but they may rely on the investigations that showed the safety 
and efficacy of the original drug that uses the same active ingredient. 
21 U.S.C. § 355(b)(2). In this respect, they differ from applications under 
the § 505(j) regulatory pathway, under which the new drug must generally 
have the same “active ingredient,” “route of administration,” “dosage form,” 
“strength,” and “labeling” as the original drug. 21 U.S.C. § 355(j)(2). 
Because the challenged claims here recite limitations requiring 
administration by inhalation of a particular amount of treprostinil in a 
particular number of breaths (and in some cases using a particular type of 
device and with the drug in a particular form), evidence that Petitioner 
merely relied on previous studies of the safety and efficacy of the recited 
active ingredient is not particularly strong evidence of copying. 
Next, we consider the evidence that Petitioner compared the 
pharmacokinetics and bioavailability of its LIQ861 product with those of 
Patent Owner’s Tyvaso product. Ex. 2085. Patent Owner argues that this 
evidence shows that “Petitioner’s commercial product had comparable 
treprostinil bioavailability with Tyvaso® when delivered in a similar dosage 
range.” PO Resp. 57–58. Regardless of whether an objective indicium of 
nonobviousness has its nexus to a single “aspect of the claim not already in 
the prior art,” Kao, 639 F.3d at 1068–69, or to “the claimed combination as a 
whole,” WBIP, 829 F.3d at 1331, it still must have some nexus to the claim 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
27 
in question. The challenged claims, however, do not recite any limitations 
for treprostinil bioavailability or pharmacokinetics. Ex. 1001, 18:22–44. 
Accordingly, evidence that Petitioner formulated its product to have similar 
bioavailability and pharmacokinetics to Patent Owner’s product is, at most, 
very weak evidence of copying as to the claims at issue here. 
Finally, we consider the evidence that LIQ861 embodies the 
challenged claims. PO Resp. 58–61. “Not every competing product that 
arguably falls within the scope of a patent is evidence of copying; otherwise, 
‘every infringement suit would automatically confirm the nonobviousness of 
the patent.’” Wyers v. Master Lock Co., 616 F.3d 1231, 1246 (quoting Iron 
Grip Barbell Co., Inc. v. USA Sports, Inc., 392 F.3d 1317, 1325 (Fed. Cir. 
2004)). Proof of copying requires “actual evidence of copying efforts as 
opposed to mere allegations regarding similarities between the accused 
product and a patent.” Liqwd, Inc. v. L’Oreal USA, Inc., 941 F.3d 1133, 
1137–38 (Fed. Cir. 2019). Thus, evidence that LIQ861 embodies the 
challenged claims is not evidence that could, without more, support a finding 
that Petitioner copied Patent Owner’s patented method. As discussed above, 
to the extent there is any evidence of what Liqwd refers to as “copying 
efforts” beyond mere similarity between LIQ861 and the challenged claims, 
that evidence shows that Petitioner copied only features that appear in the 
prior art, are not recited in the challenged claims, or both. Accordingly, we 
do not find that Patent Owner has shown that Petitioner copied the method 
of the challenged claims. 
(3) Long-Felt and Unmet Need 
Patent Owner directs us to evidence that allegedly demonstrates that 
the challenged claims would have been nonobvious because “[t]he claimed 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
28 
invention of the ’793 patent satisfies a long-felt unmet need in the treatment 
of pulmonary hypertension.” PO Resp. 61–62; see Sur-Reply 26. Patent 
Owner relies on three separate theories to demonstrate this long-felt need. 
First, in the Response, Patent Owner argues that the approval of inhaled 
treprostinil as the first treatment for “pulmonary hypertension associated 
with interstitial lung disease” satisfied “a completely unmet medical need.” 
PO Resp. 61–62 (quoting Ex. 2056, 105:6–8). Second, also in the Response, 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner admitted that its LIQ861 product 
“fulfill[ed] a significant unmet need for PAH patients by maximizing the 
therapeutic benefits of treprostinil by safely delivering doses to the lungs in 
1 to 2 breaths using a discreet, convenient, easy-to-use inhaler.” Id. at 62 
(quoting Ex. 2085). Third, in the Sur-Reply, Patent Owner argues that its 
Tyvaso product satisfied a need for an “inhaled treatment for pulmonary 
hypertension” that avoided the “inconvenient dosing and side effects of 
Ventavis,” the only previously approved treatment. Sur-Reply 26 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 42; Ex. 1108, 44:19–21, 49:17–50:10; Ex. 2055, 28:22–29:20). 
Each of these arguments fails for a different reason. 
We begin with Patent Owner’s third argument, that Tyvaso satisfied a 
need for an inhaled treatment that avoided the dosing problems and side 
effects of Ventavis. Patent Owner offers this argument for the first time in 
the Sur-Reply. Id. “A sur-reply may only respond to arguments raised in 
the corresponding reply.” 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b). “‘Respond,’ in the context 
of 37 C.F.R. § 42.23(b), does not mean proceed in a new direction with a 
new approach as compared to the positions taken in a prior filing.” Patent 
Trial and Appeal Board Consolidated Trial Practice Guide 74 (Nov. 2019), 
available at https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/tpgnov.pdf. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
29 
As discussed in more detail below, in its prior filings, Patent Owner’s only 
positions with respect to long-felt need were (1) that the patented method 
satisfied a need for a treatment for pulmonary hypertension associated with 
interstitial lung disease and (2) that Petitioner admitted that its product 
satisfied a need. PO Resp. 61–62. Neither of those positions related to a 
need for a treatment that avoided the problems associated with Ventavis. Id. 
Accordingly, Patent Owner’s argument in the Sur-Reply is a new argument 
that we do not consider further. 
Next, we consider Patent Owner’s argument that the method of the 
’793 patent provided the first treatment for pulmonary hypertension 
associated with interstitial lung disease. Id. Even if this is true, it is 
extremely weak evidence of the nonobviousness of the claims at issue 
because those claims do not cover treatment of pulmonary hypertension 
associated with interstitial lung disease. There are multiple groups of 
pulmonary hypertension conditions. Ex. 1088, 1. In addition to other 
groups not relevant here, these groups include “WHO Group 1,” or 
“[p]ulmonary arterial hypertension,” and “WHO Group 3,” or “[p]ulmonary 
hypertension associated with interstitial lung disease.” Id. Patent Owner’s 
declarant, Dr. Waxman, testifies that all pulmonary hypertension groups 
other than Group 1 fall outside the scope of the claims of the ’793 patent. 
Ex. 1132, 116:9–119:12. Dr. Hill agrees. Ex. 1106 ¶ 100. Thus, to the 
extent the challenged claims satisfied a long-felt and unmet need for a 
treatment for pulmonary hypertension associated with interstitial lung 
disease, Patent Owner has not shown that that need is tied to any limitation 
of the challenged claims or to any challenged claim as a whole. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
30 
Finally, we consider Patent Owner’s argument that Petitioner admitted 
that its LIQ861 product “fulfill[ed] a significant unmet need for PAH 
patients by maximizing the therapeutic benefits of treprostinil by safely 
delivering doses to the lungs in 1 to 2 breaths using a discreet, convenient, 
easy-to-use inhaler.” PO Resp. 62 (quoting Ex. 2085). “Evidence of a long-
felt but unresolved need can weigh in favor of the non-obviousness of an 
invention because it is reasonable to infer that the need would not have 
persisted had the solution been obvious.” Apple Inc. v. Samsung Elecs. Co., 
839 F.3d 1034, 1056 (Fed. Cir. 2016). Patent Owner directs us to two pieces 
of evidence. First, Patent Owner directs us to Exhibit 2085, which states 
that LIQ861 “fulfill[ed] a significant unmet need for PAH patients by 
maximizing the therapeutic benefits of treprostinil by safely delivering doses 
to the lungs in 1 to 2 breaths using a discreet, convenient, easy-to-use 
inhaler.” Ex. 2085, 1. This demonstrates that Petitioner believed its product 
satisfied a particular “significant unmet need,” but it does not demonstrate 
how long that need persisted. Id. Second, Patent Owner directs us to page 
F-7 of Exhibit 2089, but this page does not address the filling of any need by 
LIQ861. Ex. 2089, F-7. Thus, Patent Owner does not show that any 
previously unmet need satisfied by LIQ861 was a need that had persisted, as 
required by Apple v. Samsung. Accordingly, we do not find that Patent 
Owner has shown that the patented method satisfied any previously unmet 
and long-felt need. 
d. Dependent Claims 
Claims 2–8 of the ’793 patent depend directly or indirectly from 
claim 1. Ex. 1001, 18:32–45. Petitioner argues that the combination of the 
’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA teaches or suggests 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
31 
the additional limitations of these claims. Pet. 41–46. Patent Owner does 
not dispute these arguments, except with respect to claims 4, 6, and 7. PO 
Resp. 38–40. 
We have reviewed the evidence cited by Petitioner with respect to 
dependent claims 2, 3, 5, and 8, and we are persuaded that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the combination of the ’212 
patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA teaches or suggests the 
subject matter of these claims. For example, claim 2 depends from claim 1 
and recites a further limitation that requires that “the inhalation device [be] a 
soft mist inhaler,” and Petitioner directs us to evidence that soft mist inhalers 
were known in the prior art, as well as evidence that soft mist inhalers were 
known to be suitable for inhaled delivery of drugs in a small number of 
breaths. Ex. 1001, 7:33–39, 18:32–33; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 106–110; Ex. 1004 
¶¶ 66–71; Ex. 1006, 5:30–32; Ex. 1034, 175. 
The parties dispute the obviousness of claims 4, 6, and 7. Claim 4 
depends from claim 1 and recites a limitation requiring that “the inhalation 
device [be] a dry powder inhaler.” Ex. 1001, 18:36–37. Claim 6 depends 
from claim 4 and adds a limitation requiring that “the formulation [be] a 
powder.” Id. at 18:40–41. Claim 7 depends from claim 6 and adds a 
limitation requiring that “the powder comprise[] particles less than 5 
micrometers in diameter.” Id. at 18:42–43. Petitioner argues that each of 
these limitations is taught or suggested by the ’212 patent. Pet. 43–45 
(citing Ex. 1006, 5:30–32, 5:37–41, 14:19–21; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 116–117; Ex. 
1004 ¶¶ 77–80; Ex. 1038, 311). Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s 
obviousness argument with respect to these claims is inconsistent with 
Petitioner’s argument in the parallel District Court proceeding that these 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
32 
claims are not enabled. PO Resp. 38–40. Specifically, Patent Owner argues 
that Dr. Gonda’s testimony here that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
“would have had a reasonable expectation of success that the ‘powder’ 
disclosed and claimed in the ’212 Patent could be ‘inhaled’ by a patient 
using a dry powder inhaler” contradicts Dr. Gonda’s testimony in District 
Court that a person of ordinary skill in the art “would be unable to formulate 
a treprostinil powder suitable for administration via a dry powder inhaler for 
[pulmonary hypertension] patients without excessive experimentation.” 
PO Resp. 38–39 (quoting Ex. 1004 ¶ 80; Ex. 2091, 40–61). Because 
Dr. Gonda’s District Court testimony is more “lengthy” than his testimony 
here, Patent Owner argues that the District Court testimony is more reliable 
and that, accordingly, we should not rely on Dr. Gonda’s testimony here. Id. 
at 40. 
Dr. Gonda’s testimony here provides support for Petitioner’s 
argument that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in combining the teachings of the ’212 
patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA in order to arrive at the 
invention of claims 4, 6, and 7. Ex. 1004 ¶ 80. Reasonable expectation of 
success is a separate inquiry from enablement. UCB, Inc. v. Accord 
Healthcare, Inc., 890 F.3d 1313, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (finding no 
“authority for the proposition that the presumption of” enablement of prior 
art “precludes . . . finding that there was no reasonable expectation of 
success”). Accordingly, the mere fact that Dr. Gonda testifies to a lack of 
enablement in one forum and to the presence of a reasonable expectation of 
success in a second forum does not render unreliable the testimony in either 
forum. Therefore, we credit the unrebutted testimony of Dr. Gonda that a 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
33 
person of ordinary skill in the art “would have had a reasonable expectation 
of success that the ‘powder’ disclosed and claimed in the ’212 Patent could 
be ‘inhaled’ by a patient using a dry powder inhaler.” Ex. 1004 ¶ 80. In 
addition, Dr. Gonda’s testimony in this proceeding is supported by a citation 
to Ex. 1038, an October 2005 article that states that dry powder inhalers “are 
a widely accepted inhaled delivery dosage form,” as well as to Ex. 1019, an 
article stating that 14 separate dry powder inhalers were approved in the 
United States by 2006. Ex. 1019, 33; Ex. 1038, 1311. This evidence 
provides us with an additional reason to credit Dr. Gonda’s testimony as to 
reasonable expectation of success. 
Moreover, even if there were some connection between enablement 
and reasonable expectation of success, Patent Owner concedes that the ’212 
patent enables its own claims. Tr. 43:6–50:9. In other words, the ’212 
patent provides enough information for a person of ordinary skill in the art to 
have made and used the invention defined by the claims of the ’212 patent. 
See 35 U.S.C. § 112. That invention includes “[a] method for treating 
pulmonary hypertension in a mammal comprising delivering to said 
mammal an effective amount of [treprostinil] or its pharmaceutically 
acceptable salt or ester by inhalation,” wherein the treprostinil “is inhaled in 
powder form comprising particles less than 10 micrometers in diameter.” 
Ex. 1006, 14:9–12, 14:19–21. To the extent that, despite UCB, 890 F.3d 
at 1327, there remains any connection at all between a reasonable 
expectation of success and enablement, the fact that a person of ordinary 
skill in the art was enabled to make and use this invention presumably would 
have rendered that person more likely to expect success in achieving the 
similar invention of claims 4, 6, and 7 of the ’793 patent. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
34 
Further, as discussed above with respect to the reason to combine the 
teachings of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA, 
Petitioner directs us to other evidence that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would have had a reasonable expectation of success. 
For all these reasons, we determine that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have had a reason to combine the teachings of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel 
JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA and would have had a reasonable expectation 
of success in doing so in order to arrive at the invention of the challenged 
claims, including claims 4, 6, and 7. 
Thus, we move on to whether the prior art teaches or suggests the 
additional limitations of claims 4, 6, and 7. Petitioner argues that the ’212 
patent teaches or suggests each of these limitations, and Patent Owner does 
not dispute that argument. Pet. 43–45; PO Resp. 38–40. Claim 4 recites a 
limitation requiring that “the inhalation device [be] a dry powder inhaler.” 
Ex. 1001, 18:36–37. The ’212 patent teaches using an “inhaler” to deliver 
treprostinil, that “solid formulations, usually in the form of a powder, may 
be inhaled in accordance with the present invention,” and that treprostinil “is 
inhaled in powder form.” Ex. 1006, 5:30–32, 5:37–39, 14:19–21. Dr. Hill 
testifies that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have known that the 
“inhaler” used to deliver the “powder” of the ’212 patent was a dry powder 
inhaler. Ex. 1002 ¶ 116. Claim 6 depends from claim 4 and adds a 
limitation requiring that “the formulation [be] a powder.” Ex. 1001, 18:40–
41. The ’212 patent teaches that “solid formulations, usually in the form of 
a powder, may be inhaled in accordance with the present invention,” as well 
as that treprostinil “is inhaled in powder form.” Ex. 1006, 5:37–39, 14:19–

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
35 
21. Claim 7 depends from claim 6 and adds a limitation requiring that “the 
powder comprise[] particles less than 5 micrometers in diameter.” Ex. 1001, 
18:42–43. The ’212 patent teaches that “the particles are preferably less 
than 10 micrometers in diameter, and more preferably, less than 5 
micrometers in diameter.” Ex. 1006, 5:39–41. Accordingly, Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the ’212 patent teaches or 
suggests the additional limitations of claims 4, 6, and 7 of the ’793 patent. 
e. Conclusion 
As discussed above, Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that the combination of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and 
Voswinckel JAHA teaches or suggests the subject matter of claims 1–8. 
Petitioner also has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have had a reason to combine the teachings 
of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA and would 
have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so to arrive at the 
invention of the challenged claims. In addition, the preponderance of the 
evidence shows that there is at most very weak evidence of objective indicia 
of nonobviousness, including unexpected results, copying, and long-felt but 
unmet need. Weighing together the evidence of the prior art teaching or 
suggesting the subject matter of the claims, of a reason to combine the 
teachings of the prior art with a reasonable expectation of success, and of 
objective indicia of nonobviousness, we conclude that Petitioner has 
demonstrated that claims 1–8 of the ’793 patent would have been obvious 
over the combination of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel 
JAHA and, accordingly, that those claims are unpatentable. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
36 
C. Asserted Obviousness over ’212 Patent and Voswinckel JESC 
Petitioner argues that claims 1–8 would have been obvious over the 
combination of the ’212 patent and Voswinckel JESC. Pet. 46–50. Because 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that all of the 
challenged claims would have been obvious over the similar combination of 
the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and Voswinckel JAHA, we need not 
reach this asserted ground. 
D. Grounds Relying on Ghofrani or Voswinckel 2006 
Petitioner argues that claim 1 was anticipated by Ghofrani; that 
claims 1, 3, and 8 would have been obvious over the combination of 
Voswinckel JAHA and Ghofrani; that claims 1 and 3 were anticipated by 
Voswinckel 2006; and that claims 2 and 4–8 would have been obvious over 
the combination of Voswinckel 2006 and the ’212 patent. Pet. 50–64. 
Patent Owner argues that each of these grounds fails because Petitioner fails 
to show sufficiently that Ghofrani and Voswinckel 2006 qualify as prior art. 
PO Resp. 44–54. Petitioner disagrees, arguing that these references qualify 
as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a). Pet. 25–30. 
In the institution decision, we determined that, on the preliminary 
record available at the time, Petitioner had not shown that either Ghofrani or 
Voswinckel 2006 qualified as prior art. Inst. Dec. 37–43. Since that 
decision, Petitioner has neither supplemented the record nor made any 
additional arguments on this issue. Reply 1–27. During the hearing, 
Petitioner did not agree that it had abandoned its argument on the grounds 
asserting Ghofrani or Voswinckel 2006. Tr. 35:13–36:10. Nevertheless, in 
the absence of any new evidence or argument, we have been directed to 
nothing that persuades us to reach any decision other than we reached 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
37 
initially. Accordingly, our analysis below mirrors the analysis we conducted 
in the institution decision. 
1. 
Prior-Art Status of Ghofrani 
Ghofrani is an article published in the German journal Herz in 
June 2005, less than one year before the priority date of the ’793 patent. 
Pet. 25; Ex. 1010, 9; Ex. 1036 ¶¶ 47–55. Petitioner argues that Ghofrani is 
prior art to the ’793 patent under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a). Pet. 25–27. Patent 
Owner disagrees, arguing that Petitioner has not shown sufficiently that 
Ghofrani is “by others” under § 102(a). PO Resp. 44–51. 
As both parties acknowledge, establishing prior-art status under 
§ 102(a) requires showing that the reference is “by others,” meaning that it 
was authored by an entity different from the entity that invented the 
challenged patent. Pet. 26–27; PO Resp. 44–46; see Lacks Industries, Inc. v. 
McKechnie Vehicle Components USA, Inc., 322 F.3d 1335, 1346 (Fed. Cir. 
2003) (“it is well-settled law that an inventor’s own disclosure will not 
anticipate his later invention” unless published more than one year prior to 
the priority date (internal quotation marks omitted)). 
The authors of Ghofrani are “Hossein Ardeschir Ghofrani, Robert 
Voswinckel, Frank Reichenberger, Friedrich Grimminger, [and] Werner 
Seeger.” Ex. 1010, 9. The inventors of the ’793 patent are Horst 
Olschewski, Robert Roscigno, Lewis J. Rubin, Thomas Schmehl, Werner 
Seeger, Carl Sterritt, and Robert Voswinckel. Ex. 1001, code (72). Thus, 
there are, as Petitioner argues, “inventors listed on the ’793 Patent that are 
not listed as authors on Ghofrani, and vice versa.” Pet. 26. Specifically, 
Ghofrani, Reichenberger, and Grimminger authored the Ghofrani reference 
but were not inventors of the ’793 patent; and Olschewski, Roscigno, Rubin, 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
38 
Schmehl, and Sterritt were inventors of the ’793 patent but not authors of the 
Ghofrani reference. 
Petitioner argues that these differences alone are sufficient to show 
that Ghofrani is “by others.” Id. at 26–27. We agree that it is possible, 
depending on the state of the rest of the evidence of record, for any 
difference between the authors of an alleged prior-art reference and the 
inventors of a challenged patent to render the reference “by others” for 
purposes of § 102(a). See, e.g., In re Katz, 687 F.2d 450, 455 (CCPA 1982) 
(“ambiguity [was] created by the printed publication” where authors 
included people not named as inventors); cf. In re Land, 368 F.2d 866, 877 
(CCPA 1966) (for purposes of § 102(e), reference authored by one 
 co-inventor was “by another”). 
That said, it is not always sufficient for Petitioner merely to show a 
difference between a list of authors and a list of inventors. Where the record 
contains evidence that the reference was derived entirely from the work of 
the inventors or at least one joint inventor, this evidence may be sufficient to 
show that the reference is not “by others” for purposes of § 102(a). Katz, 
687 F.2d at 455–56 (finding inventor’s declaration of sole inventorship 
sufficient to render reference authored by inventor and others not “by 
others”). Although the testimony of an inventor that the reference in 
question was derived from the inventors’ work may be sufficient on its own, 
at least where it is not “a mere pro forma restatement of the oath in [the 
inventor’s] application,” affidavits from the other authors disclaiming the 
invention are particularly strong evidence that the reference is not “by 
others.” Id. (“Submission of such affidavits or declarations would have 
ended the inquiry . . . .”). Here, for the reasons discussed below, the 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
39 
preponderance of the evidence persuades us that, despite the differences 
between its list of authors and the list of the inventors of the ’793 patent, 
Ghofrani is not “by others” for purposes of § 102(a). 
Petitioner’s first argument that Ghofrani is “by others” is that there are 
people who are authors of Ghofrani who are not inventors of the ’793 patent. 
Pet. 26. But Dr. Seeger, one of the inventors of the ’793 patent, as well as 
an author of Ghofrani, describes the roles of the other authors of Ghofrani, 
explaining that Dr. Ghofrani drafted the portion of the article “relating to 
phosphodiesterase inhibitors,” that Drs. Reichenberger and Grimminger 
drafted the portion of the article relating to “the use of selective endothelin A 
receptor agonists for treating pulmonary hypertension,” and that he and 
Dr. Voswinckel—another co-inventor—drafted the portion of the article 
relating to “the use of inhaled iloprost and inhaled treprostinil for treatment 
of pulmonary hypertension,” the only portion on which Petitioner’s 
unpatentability case rests. Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 4–8. Dr. Seeger’s testimony is 
corroborated by the testimony of Drs. Ghofrani, Reichenberger, and 
Grimminger, each of whom testifies that they “did not make material 
contributions to” the portion of the Ghofrani reference relating to inhaled 
treprostinil. Ex. 2004 ¶¶ 4–5; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 4–5; Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 4–5. This is 
precisely the type of testimony that the Katz court held should “end[] the 
inquiry” into whether Ghofrani was “by others.” 687 F.2d at 455–56. 
Accordingly, this evidence overcomes Petitioner’s argument that the 
difference between the Ghofrani authors and the inventors of the ’793 patent 
is sufficient to show that Ghofrani is “by others.” 
Petitioner also argues that the failure to include some of the inventors 
of the ’793 patent—Olschewski, Roscigno, Rubin, Schmehl, and Sterritt—as 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
40 
authors of Ghofrani renders Ghofrani “by others.” Pet. 26–27. But “the fact 
that a reference does not list any co-inventors as authors . . . is certainly not 
dispositive in itself.” Allergan, Inc. v. Apotex Inc., 754 F.3d 952, 969 (Fed. 
Cir. 2014); see MPEP § 2132.01(I) (“An inventor’s or at least one joint 
inventor’s disclosure of his or her own work within the year before the 
application filing date cannot be used against the application as prior art 
under pre-AIA 35 U.S.C. 102(a).”). Moreover, Dr. Seeger explains the roles 
of the other named inventors in designing trials and clinical studies leading 
to the patent application. Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 22–27. In particular, Dr. Seeger 
testifies that the Ghofrani reference did not report on the details of the 
studies and trials that were in part designed by these other authors, 
explaining why they did not contribute to writing Ghofrani, even though 
they were involved in the related work that gave rise to the ’793 patent. Id. 
¶¶ 11–12. Dr. Seegar further explains that, “any study that formed the basis 
of our discussion of inhaled trepostinil in [Ghofrani and two other 
references] was performed by me in conjunction with my ongoing 
collaboration with Drs. Voswinckel, Olschewski, Rubin, Schmehl, Sterrit, 
and Roscigno.” Id. ¶ 12. Again, then, the preponderance of the evidence 
supports a determination that Ghofrani is not “by others” for purposes of 
§ 102(a). 
2. 
Prior-Art Status of Voswinckel 2006 
The issues and arguments regarding Voswinckel 2006 are quite 
similar to those discussed above regarding Ghofrani. Petitioner argues that 
Voswinckel 2006 qualifies as prior art under § 102(a) and that it is “by 
others” both because some of its authors—specifically, Ghofrani and 
Grimminger—are not inventors of the ’793 patent and because some 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
41 
inventors of the ’793 patent—specifically, Olschewski, Roscigno, Rubin, 
Schmehl, and Sterritt—are not authors of Voswinckel 2006. Pet. 27–30. 
Patent Owner disagrees, pointing to the testimony of Drs. Seeger, Ghofrani, 
and Grimminger explaining the role that the other inventors of the ’793 
patent played, as well as making clear that neither Ghofrani nor Grimminger 
authored the portion of Voswinckel 2006 that is relevant as prior art. PO 
Resp. 44–46, 51–54; Ex. 2003 ¶¶ 20–21 (describing the roles of Drs. 
Ghofrani and Grimminger, explaining that they “did not participate in the 
design of any of the studies, did not select the dosing regimen, and did not 
conduct analysis of patient results discussed in . . . Voswinckel 2006”); 19 
(“any study that formed the basis of our discussion of inhaled treprostinil in 
this reference was performed by me in connection with my ongoing 
collaboration with [the other inventors]”). 
For the same reasons discussed above with respect to Ghofrani, we 
determine that the preponderance of the evidence shows that Petitioner has 
not shown sufficiently that Voswinckel 2006 is “by others.” 
3. 
Conclusion 
For the reasons discussed above, Petitioner has not shown that either 
Ghofrani or Voswinckel 2006 qualifies as prior art. Accordingly, Petitioner 
has not shown the unpatentability of any challenged claim on any ground 
that relies on either Ghofrani or Voswinckel 2006. 
E. Motions to Exclude Evidence 
Each party filed a motion to exclude evidence. Paper 65; Paper 66. 
We consider each motion separately below. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
42 
1. 
Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
Petitioner moves to exclude Exhibits 2092, 2100, 2101, 2102, 
and 2103 as not authenticated and, for Ex. 2092, as incomplete. Paper 65, 1. 
Petitioner also moves to exclude the portions of Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply 
that rely on these exhibits. Id. 
We do not rely on any of the exhibits Petitioner challenges in reaching 
our decision in this case. Accordingly, we dismiss Petitioner’s motion to 
exclude as moot. 
2. 
Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude 
Patent Owner moves to exclude Exhibits 1037, 1114, 1117, and 1120 
as hearsay and, for Ex. 1037, as not authenticated, irrelevant, and lacking the 
original writing. Paper 66, 2. Patent Owner also moves to exclude 
Exhibits 1029, 1050, 1066, 1074, and 1078 as not authenticated. Id. Patent 
Owner moves to exclude Exhibit 1087 as lacking personal knowledge and as 
irrelevant. Id. Patent Owner also moves to exclude portions of Exhibit 1112 
as not based on sufficient facts and analysis. Id. Further, Patent Owner 
moves to exclude the portions of Petitioner’s Petition and Reply, as well as 
the portions of Exhibits 1002 and 1004, that cite these exhibits. Id. at 2–3. 
We do not rely on any of the exhibits or portions of exhibits Patent 
Owner moves to exclude in reaching our decision in this case, with two 
exceptions: paragraphs 36 and 42 of Ex. 1002, which cite Ex. 1029, and 
paragraph 56 of Ex. 1004, which Patent Owner argues cites Ex. 1029, 
Ex. 1050, and Ex. 1066. We dismiss as moot Patent Owner’s motion to 
exclude, except as to these paragraphs of Exhibits 1002 and 1004. We 
discuss the remaining portions of Patent Owner’s motion to exclude below. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
43 
a. Paragraphs 36 and 42 of Exhibit 1002 
Patent Owner moves to exclude paragraphs 36 and 42 of Exhibit 1002 
because they rely on Exhibit 1029, which Patent Owner argues lacks 
authentication. Paper 66, 2–3. 
Certain items are self-authenticating under Federal Rule of Evidence 
(“FRE”) 902, and, for items that are not self-authenticating, FRE 901 
provides that “the proponent [of the evidence in question] must produce 
evidence sufficient to support a finding that the item is what the proponent 
claims it is.” Fed. R. Evid. 901(a). The evidence showing “that the items is 
what the proponent claims it is” may include “[t]estimony that an item is 
what it is claimed to be,” or “[t]he appearance, contents, substance, internal 
patterns, or other distinctive characteristics of the item, taken together with 
all the circumstances,” among other things. Fed. R. Evid. 901(b). 
Here, Dr. Hill, Petitioner’s declarant, testifies three times that 
Exhibit 1029 is the “Ventavis Label 2004.” Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 36, 41, 42. 
Dr. Gonda, another declarant for Petitioner, testifies that Exhibit 1029 is the 
“Ventavis (iloprost) Label.” Ex. 1004 ¶ 56 n.4. Dr. Waxman, Patent 
Owner’s declarant, cites to Exhibit 1029 twice as support for the approved 
dose for, and side effects experienced by, patients taking Ventavis. Ex. 2052 
¶ 100. The “appearance, contents, substance, internal patterns, [and] other 
distinctive characteristics,” Fed. R. Evid. 901(b), of Ex. 1029 confirm the 
testimony of Drs. Hill, Gonda, and Waxman. The document contains 
sections titled “description,” “clinical pharmacology,” “indications and 
usage,” “contraindications,” “warnings,” “precautions,” “adverse reactions,” 
“overdosage,” “dosage and administration,” “how supplied,” “storage,” and 
“patient information,” with each section providing information related to 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
44 
“Ventavis.” Ex. 1029, 1–17. This information is consistent with a drug 
label for Ventavis, which is what Dr. Hill and Dr. Gonda testify, what 
Dr. Waxman assumes, and what Petitioner argues, Ex. 1029 is. 
Accordingly, we find that Petitioner has “produce[d] evidence sufficient to 
support a finding that [Ex. 1029] is what [Petitioner] claims it is.” Fed. R. 
Evid. 901(a). Because Ex. 1029 does not lack authentication, we deny 
Patent Owner’s motion to exclude paragraphs 36 and 42 of Ex. 1002, which 
cite to Ex. 1029. 
b. Paragraph 56 of Exhibit 1004 
Patent Owner moves to exclude paragraph 56 of Exhibit 1004 because 
it relies on Exhibits 1029, 1050, and 1066, all of which Patent Owner argues 
lack authentication. Paper 66, 2–3. We discuss Exhibit 1029 above, finding 
that it is sufficiently authenticated. The situation with respect to 
Exhibits 1050 and 1066 is similar. Dr. Gonda testifies that Ex. 1050 is the 
“Pulmozyme® Label” and that Ex. 1066 is the “AccuNeb® Label.” 
Ex. 1004 ¶ 56 n.4. Moreover, Dr. Gonda’s testimony about what 
Exhibits 1050 and 1066 are is confirmed by the contents of those exhibits. 
Exhibit 1050 contains sections titled “description,” “clinical pharmacology,” 
“indications and usage,” “contraindications,” “warnings,” “precautions,” 
“adverse reactions,” “overdosage,” “dosage and administration,” and “how 
supplied,” with each section providing information related to “Pulmozyme.” 
Ex. 1050, 1–2. Exhibit 1066 contains sections titled “description,” “clinical 
pharmacology,” “indications and usage,” “contraindications,” “warnings,” 
“precautions,” “adverse reactions,” “overdosage,” “dosage and 
administration,” “how supplied,” “storage,” and “patient’s instructions for 
use,” with each section providing information related to “AccuNeb.” 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
45 
Ex. 1066, 1–2. This information is consistent with drug labels for 
Pulmozyme and AccuNeb, which is what Dr. Gonda testifies, and what 
Petitioner argues, Exhibits 1050 and 1066 are. Accordingly, we find that 
Petitioner has “produce[d] evidence sufficient to support a finding that 
[Ex. 1050 and Ex. 1066 are] what [Petitioner] claims [they are].” Fed. R. 
Evid. 901(a). Because Exhibits 1050 and 1066 do not lack authentication, 
we deny Patent Owner’s motion to exclude paragraph 56 of Ex. 1004, which 
cites to those exhibits. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
46 
CONCLUSION10 
For the reasons discussed above, Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–8 of the ’793 patent are 
unpatentable. 
 
 
10 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
Decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
11 This Final Written Decision does not reach these grounds because 
Petitioner has proven all challenged claims are unpatentable based on 
obviousness over the combination of the ’212 patent, Voswinckel JESC, and 
Voswinckel JAHA. 
Claims 
 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–8 
103(a) 
’212 patent, 
Voswinckel JESC, 
Voswinckel JAHA 
1–8 
 
1–8 
103(a) 
’212 patent, 
Voswinckel JESC11 
 
 
1 
102(a) 
Ghofrani 
 
1 
1, 3, 8 
103(a) 
Voswinckel JAHA, 
Ghofrani 
 
1, 3, 8 
1, 3 
102(a) 
Voswinckel 2006 
 
1, 3 
2, 4–8 
103(a) 
Voswinckel 2006, 
’212 patent 
 
2, 4–8 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–8 
 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
47 
 
ORDER 
It is hereby 
ORDERED that, based on the preponderance of the evidence, claims 
1–8 of the ’793 patent have been shown to be unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is 
denied as to paragraphs 36 and 42 of Exhibit 1002 and as to paragraph 56 of 
Exhibit 1004; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot in all other respects; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of this Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
48 
For PETITIONER: 
Ivor R. Elrifi 
Erik B. Milch 
Deepa Kannappan 
Sanya Sukduang 
Lauren Krickl 
Douglas Cheek 
Jonathan Davies 
COOLEY LLP 
ielrifi@cooley.com 
emilch@cooley.com 
dkannappan@cooley.com 
ssukduang@cooley.com 
lkrickl@cooley.com 
dcheek@cooley.com 
jdavies@cooley.com 
 
For PATENT OWNER: 
Stephen B. Maebius 
George Quillin 
Jason N. Mock 
Michael Houston 
FOLEY & LARDNER LLP 
smaebius@foley.com 
gquillin@foley.com 
jmock@foley.com 
mhouston@foley.com 
 
Shaun R. Snader 
UNITED THERAPEUTICS CORP. 
ssnader@unither.com 
 
Douglas Carsten 
April E. Weisbruch 
Judy Mohr, Ph.D. 
Jiaxiao Zhang 
Mandy Kim 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2021-00406 
Patent 10,716,793 B2 
 
49 
Arthur Dykhuis 
Amy Mahan 
MCDERMOTT WILL & EMERY LLP 
dcarsten@mwe.com 
aweisbruch@mwe.com 
jmohr@mwe.com 
jazhang@mwe.com 
mhkim@mwe.com 
adykhuis@mwe.com 
amahan@mwe.com