--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 36 
571-272-7822 
Entered: January 28, 2026 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
DR. SQUATCH, LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
 
Before SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and 
CHRISTOPHER M. KAISER, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
1 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Dr. Squatch, LLC (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting inter 
partes review of claims 1–8 and 10–23 of U.S. Patent No. 11,497,706 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’706 patent”). Petition (“Pet.”), Paper 1. The Procter & 
Gamble Company (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response 
identifying itself as the owner of the ’706 patent. Preliminary Response 
(“Prelim. Resp.”), Paper 8. 
We instituted trial on January 29, 2025. Paper 3 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
During trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response. Paper 17 (“PO 
Resp.”). Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 21 (“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent 
Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 26 (“PO Sur-Reply”)). We held an oral 
hearing on October 22, 2025, and a transcript of that hearing is of record. 
Paper 35 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
full record developed through trial, we determine that Petitioner has proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Our reasoning is explained below, 
and we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a). 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies Dr. Squatch, LLC, as its real party-in-interest. 
Pet. 1. Patent Owner identifies The Procter & Gamble Company as its real 
party-in-interest. Paper 6, 1. 
C. Related Matters 
The parties indicate that the ’703 patent is involved in The Procter & 
Gamble Company v. Dr. Squatch LLC, Case No. 2-24-cv-04711 (C.D. Cal.), 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
2 
 
filed November 29, 2022. Pet. 1; Paper 5, 1. Petitioner has also filed 
petitions for inter partes review of the following patents: IPR2024-01104 
challenging U.S. Patent No. 11,540,999; IPR2024-01105 challenging 
U.S. Patent No. 10,966,915; and IPR2024-01173 challenging U.S. Patent 
No. 10,905,647. Paper 6, 1; Paper 34,2. 
D. The ’706 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’706 patent is titled “Antiperspirant and Deodorant 
Compositions.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’706 patent is directed to 
antiperspirant and deodorant compositions and methods of making the 
compositions. Id. at 1:16–17. More specifically, the ’706 patent is directed 
to formulating, in response to consumer demands, an aluminum-free, natural 
fragrance deodorant that provides low irritation, but maintaining sufficient 
odor protection. Id. at 1:42–44. 
The ’706 patent explains that 
[c]onsumers are also seeking more natural products complete 
with frangrances that are mostly natural or essential oil based. 
They are further seeking products with lower irritation than they 
have experienced with baking soda based products. The 
challenge with formulating with the natural and essential oil 
fragrances is that they can be less stable in the presence of heat 
and extreme pH (either high or low). And products formulated 
with baking soda, which has a relatively high pH and high water 
soludbility, can increase irritation, even for consumers with 
moderate sweat rates. Highly water soluble alkaline powders 
contribute negatively towards natural or essential oil stability as 
well, especially in hot process needed to melt waxes. And high 
water soluble powders can agglomerate when exposed to 
moisture released from powders during the hot batch process. 
Id. at 1:26–41. 
 
The ’706 patent further states that the 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
3 
 
inventors of the present invention have found, surprisingly, that 
the combination of piroctone olamine and other antimicrobials 
can provide significant antimicrobial activity against two of the 
most common underarm odor bacteria C. mucofaciens and S. 
epidermidis, which results in consumer odor protection on par or 
greater than some of the commonly used commercial deodorants 
available today. 
Ex. 1001, 1:49–56; see id. at 12:21–31 (describing regulatory problems with 
using a sufficient amount of only one antimicrobial). To maintain the 
efficacy of piroctone olamine in the presence of iron and other impurities, 
the ’706 patent states that combining chelators and piroctone olamine in an 
anhydrous formulation or in particular ratios “can provide significantly 
higher levels of anti-fungal activity than either material alone.” Id. at 1:57–
64, 7:48–55 (stating a chelator can reduce the amount of piroctone olamine 
bonding with the iron impurity). 
 
The ’706 patent also observes that antimicrobials may be able to 
reduce microbes on the skin, but not effect microbes within hair follicles that 
may contribute to malodor. Ex. 1001, 1:65–2:1. To solve this problem, 
“[t]he inventors of the present invention have found that piroctone olamine 
and other antimicrobial powders, if used at a size that can fit into a hair 
follicle, can deliver surprisingly superior antimicrobial activity.” Id. at 
1:65–2:4. “It is believed that antimicrobial powders may provide a better 
deposition and have more longevity on the skin than antimicrobials 
delivered in a different form.” Id. at 10:58–60; see id. at 10:65–11:18. 
According to the ’706 patent, “a deodorant stick having at least about 
25% of a liquid triglyceride and structurants that have a melting point of 
greater than about 50° C. can result in a deodorant stick with a hardness 
from about 70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10.” Id. at 14:48–51. The ’706 
patent asserts that “[s]uch a deodorant stick is able to comprise consumer-

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
4 
 
perceived natural ingredients, while offering a pleasant consumer experience 
in terms of its hardness.” Id. at 14:51–54. 
The ’706 patent describes that the antiperspirant/deodorant 
compositions “can contain a primary structurant, an antiperspirant active, a 
perfume, and additional chassis ingredient(s) . . . in the form of a solid 
stick.” Id. at 13:64–14:31. The ’706 patent defines a “solid structurant” as 
“any material known or otherwise effective in providing suspending, gelling, 
viscosifying, solidifying, and/or thickening properties to the composition or 
which otherwise provide structure to the final product form.” Id. at 15:32–
36. The ’706 patent describes a deodorant stick as 
comprising at least 25% of a liquid triglyceride; a primary 
antimicrobial having a water solubility of at most about 90 g/L 
at 25° C; a fragrance composition comprising at least about 50% 
natural oils, essential oils, or a combination thereof; and 
aprimary structurant with a melting point pof at least 50° C.; said 
deodorant stick being free of an aluminum salt; and said 
deodorant stick having a hardness from about 70 mm*10 to about 
140 mm*10, as measured by penetration with ASTM D-1321 
needle. 
Id., 2:12–21. 
E. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–8 and 10–23. Pet. 1. Claims 1, 16, and 
20 are independent. Claim 1 is representative and is reproduced below: 
1. A deodorant stick comprising: 
at least 25% by weight liquid triglyceride and a primary 
antimicrobial 
said deodorant stick being free of an aluminum salt. 
Ex. 1001, 26:57–60. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
5 
 
F. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 
Ex. 1003, Lesniak et al., US 11,433,018 B2, issued September 6, 
2022 (“Lesniak”). 
Ex. 1004, Phinney et al., US 9,314,412 B2, issued April 19, 2016 
(“Phinney”). 
Ex. 1005, John Henderson Lamb, M.D., Sodium Bicarbonate: 
An Excellent Deodorant, THE JOURNAL OF INVESTIGATIVE 
DERMATOLOGY 7(3) 131–33 (1946) (“Lamb”). 
Ex. 1006, Bianchi et al., US 6,048,518 B2, issued April 11, 2000 
(“Bianchi ’518”). 
Ex. 1007, Wayback Machine archives, captured May 26, 2016, 
November 23, 2016, and November 1, 2015 respectively for: 
https:/www.nativecos.com, 
https:/www.nativecos.com/product/deodorant/, and 
https:/www.nativecos.com (“Native”). 
Ex. 1008, Bianchi, US 2007/0166254 A1, published July 19, 
2007 (“Bianchi ’254”). 
Ex. 1009, Wayback Machine archive, captured January 26, 
2017, for http:/soapdelinews.com/2016/11/easy-homemade-
deodorantrecipe.html (“Easy Homemade”). 
Ex. 1056, Sturgis et al., US 2019/0000734 A1, published Jan. 3, 2019 
(“Sturgis). 
Ex. 1057, Anconi et al., US 2016/0089321 A1, published March 31, 
2016 (“Anconi”). 
Ex. 1058, Mihaela Stoia, et al., Selected Evidence-Based Health 
Benefits of Topically Applied Sunflower Oil, 10 APPLIED SCI. REPS. 
45–49 (2015) (“Stoia”). 
Ex. 1059, Declaration of Vinod Stephen Pinto (“Squatch”) 
Petitioner also relies on the declarations of Bozena B. Michniak-
Kohn, Ph.D. (Exs. 1002, 1086) to support its contentions. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
6 
 
Patent Owner relies on the declaration of Robert Lochhead, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2011) to support its contentions. 
G. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–8 and 10–23 would have been 
unpatentable on the following grounds: 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §1 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1, 2, 5–7, 10–13, 15 
102 or 103 
Lesniak 
2 
13, 14 
103 
Lesniak, Phinney 
3 
4 
103 
Lesniak, Phinney, Lamb 
4 
8 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’518 
5 
16–23 
103 
Lesniak, Phinney, 
Bianchi ’254, and Anconi 
6 
1, 5, 7, 8, 10–12, 15 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254 
7 
2–4, 6, 13, 14 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254, 
Easy Homemade 
8 
16–23 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254, 
Easy Homemade, Anconi, 
and Stoia 
9 
16–23 
103 
Squatch, Sturgis 
 
H. Claim Construction 
The challenged claims should be read in light of the Specification, as 
it would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Suitco 
Surface, Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally 
give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re 
 
1 Because the ’706 patent has an earliest possible effective filing date after 
March 16, 2013, it is subject to the post-grant review provisions of the 
America Invents Act. See The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. 
No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 (“AIA”) § (3)(n)(1)(A) (2011). 
 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
7 
 
Translogic Tech., Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary 
and customary meaning is the meaning that the term would have to a person 
of ordinary skill in the art in question.” (internal quotation marks omitted)); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs 
according to the same standard as used in federal court). 
Petitioner does not argue that any claim terms require construction. 
See generally Pet. 
Patent Owner asserts that the preamble of independent claim 1, 16, 
and 20 reciting “a deodorant stick” is limiting” as it provides antecedent 
basis for the recitation of “said deodorant stick being free of an aluminum 
salt” for each independent claim. PO Resp. 7–10. Patent Owner also points 
to dependent claims 6–9 as relying on the preamble reciting “a deodorant 
stick” as antecedent basis for claim elements. Id. at 9. We agree. Petitioner 
does not provide argument to the contrary. See, e.g., Pet. 19 (arguing that 
Lesniak discloses a deodorant stick in the form of an antiperspirant stick). 
We determine that no express construction of any claim term is 
necessary to determine whether to institute inter partes review. Nidec Motor 
Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017) (“[W]e need only construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and 
only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” (quoting Vivid 
Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
To the extent further discussion of the meaning any claim term is necessary 
to our decision, we provide that discussion below in our analysis of the 
asserted grounds of unpatentability. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
8 
 
I. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner proposes that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA” 
or “POSITA”) at the time of the invention “would have (1) at least a B.S. or 
equivalent degree; and (2) at least two years of experience in cosmetics 
formulations.” Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 27–29). Patent Owner does not 
dispute Petitioner’s proposal about the POSA’s qualifications at this stage of 
the proceeding. PO Resp. 10. 
For this Decision, we adopt and apply Petitioner’s proposal above, 
which does not appear to be inconsistent with the level of skill reflected in 
the asserted prior art. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Introduction 
“In an inter partes review, the petitioner has the burden from the onset 
to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.” 
Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 
(citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review petitions to 
identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the grounds for the 
challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never shifts to the 
patent owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 
F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Moreover, a petitioner should not “place 
the burden on [the Board] to sift through information presented by the 
Petitioners, determine where each element [of the challenged claims] is 
found in [the cited references], and identify any differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the teachings of [the cited references.]” Google 
Inc. v. EveryMD.com LLC, IPR2014-00347, Paper 9 at 25 (PTAB May 22, 
2014). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
9 
 
To show anticipation under § 102, each and every claim element, 
arranged as in the claim, must be found in a single prior art reference. Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2008). The prior 
art need not, however, use the same words as the claims in order to find 
anticipation. In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 1334 (Fed. Cir. 2009). It is also 
permissible to take into account not only the literal teachings of the prior art 
reference, but also the inferences an ordinarily skilled person would draw 
from the reference. Eli Lilly and Co. v. Los Angeles Biomedical Res. Inst. at 
Harbor-UCLA Med. Ctr., 849 F.3d 1073, 1074–75 (Fed. Cir. 2017); In re 
Preda, 401 F.2d 825, 826 (CCPA 1968). A reference may also anticipate a 
claim even if it does not expressly teach all the limitations arranged or 
combined as in the claim, “if a person of skill in the art, reading the 
reference, would ‘at once envisage’ the claimed arrangement or 
combination.” Microsoft Corp. v. Biscotti, Inc., 878 F.3d 1052, 1068 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017) (quoting Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 
1376, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the differences 
between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed 
invention as a whole would have been obvious before the effective filing 
date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to 
which the claimed invention pertains. See KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 
U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis 
of underlying factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of 
the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the 
prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence 
of nonobviousness, if any. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 
(1966). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
10 
 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
 
Accordingly, a party that petitions the Board for a determination of 
unpatentability based on obviousness must show that “a skilled artisan 
would have been motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art 
references to achieve the claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so.” In re 
Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (internal 
quotation marks omitted). “Both the suggestion and the expectation of 
success must be founded in the prior art, not in the applicant’s disclosure.” 
In re Dow Chemical Co., 837 F.2d 469, 473 (Fed. Cir. 1988). 
An obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take 
account of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would employ.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418; see In re Translogic Tech, 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1259 (Fed. Cir. 2007). In KSR, the Supreme Court also 
stated that an invention may be found obvious if trying a course of conduct 
would have been obvious to a POSITA: 
When there is a design need or market pressure to solve a 
problem and there are a finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions, a person of ordinary skill has good reason to pursue 
the known options within his or her technical grasp. If this leads 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
11 
 
to the anticipated success, it is likely the product not of 
innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense. In that 
instance the fact that a combination was obvious to try might 
show that it was obvious under § 103. 
550 U.S. at 421. “KSR affirmed the logical inverse of this statement by 
stating that § 103 bars patentability unless ‘the improvement is more than 
the predictable use of prior art elements according to their established 
functions.’” In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1359–60 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
these principles to determine whether Petitioner has met its burden to 
establish a reasonable likelihood of success at trial. 
B. Summary of the Cited Prior Art 
1. Lesniak (Ex. 1003) 
Lesniak is titled “NON-GREASY PERSONAL CARE 
COMPOSITIONS.” Ex. 1003, code (54). Lesniak provides an anhydrous 
personal care composition, comprising 
(a) at least one ester, wherein said at least one ester is selected 
from one or more of the following groups: (i) triglycerides, (ii) 
diglycerides, (iii) monoglycerides, (iv) monoesters of dials, and 
(v) diesters of dials, and wherein a total concentration of said at 
least one ester is 45 to 60 weight %, based on the total weight of 
the composition; (b) a first wax having a melting point of 35° C. 
to 72° C. present in an amount of 5 to 25 weight %, based on the 
total weight of the composition; (c) a second wax having a 
melting point of 73° C. to 90° C. present in an amount of 0.5 to 
15 weight% based on the total weight of the composition; (d) at 
least one plant oil having a saponification value of 150 to 275 mg 
KOH/g, wherein a total concentration of said at least one plant 
oil is from 5 to 35 weight%, based on the total weight of the 
composition. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
12 
 
Id., 5:32–48. Lesniak describes that “[o]ptionally, the at least one ester is a 
combination of caprylic triglyceride and capric triglyceride” in ranges from 
50–60 weight %, based on the total weight of the composition. Id., 2:38–39, 
3:42–44. “Optionally, the composition further comprises zinc oxide . . . 
present in a concentration of 10 to 30 weight %.” Id., 3:39–42. Lesniak 
describes that the composition may be in the form of a stick. Id., 4:22. 
According to Lesniak, the compositions possess “good micro-robustness, . . . 
reduced greasiness and an improved after-feel (such as reduced tackiness 
and drag) on the skin as compared to other anhydrous compositions[, and] . . 
. are also physically stable at high and low temperatures.” Id., 5:50–54. 
Lesniak discloses a desire to “to formulate such compositions from 
all-natural ingredients (i.e. ‘100% natural’ compositions).” Id., 5:29–31. 
Lesniak discloses that “the term ‘natural compositions’ indicates that the 
composition is formulated from ingredients which are extracted from the 
earth or sea, derived from plants, or synthesized by other organisms.” Id., 
4:61–64. Lesniak discloses that the composition may comprise “essential 
oils which may be used as natural fragrances.” Id., 8:38. 
2. Phinney (Ex. 1004) 
Phinney is titled “DEODORANT FORMULATION.” Ex. 1004, code 
(54). Phinney relates to a deodorant “formulation and preparation thereof 
with natural ingredients in the absence of heavy metal complexes and/or 
petroleum based or related compounds.” Id., 1:7–9. Phinney discloses 
finding that “a mixture of the hydroxides of zinc and magnesium could 
provide long lasting protection against odour due to perspiration . . . and are 
dispersible in aerosols, moisturizing creams, sticks, sprays and roll-on type 
applicators.” Id., 1:17–22. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
13 
 
Phinney explains that zinc and aluminum oxide are “very unreactive 
against perspiration odour due to insolubility and low hydrolysis rate.” Id., 
2:35–36. According to Phinney, “magnesium hydroxide, . . . has low 
solubility and therefore does not ‘wash away’ under heavy perspiration” and 
thus “provides 16–20 hour protection and more for a broad cross section of 
people.” Id., 5:47–51. Phinney discloses an embodiment of a specific 
formulation prepared as a solid stick that “includes magnesium oxide in an 
amount of between 1% and 2.5% by weight and zinc oxide in an amount of 
between 0.5% and 1.5% by weight.” Id., 6:32–34, 6:12, 8:46–57 (claim 1). 
3. Lamb (Ex. 1005) 
Lamb is an article titled “SODIUM BICARBONATE: AN 
EXCELLENT DEODORANT” that was published in The Journal of 
Investigative Dermatology. Ex. 1005, 131. Lamb describes a study that 
evaluated the effectiveness of baking soda as an underarm deodorant in 90 
patients. Ex. 1005, 131–33. Lamb hypothesizes that the perspiration’s free 
fatty acids, which possess a disagreeable odor, forms a less malodorous 
sodium salt in the presence of sodium bicarbonate. Id., 133. Based on the 
results of the study, Lamb concludes that “bicarbonate of soda is a valuable 
underarm deodorant for common daily usage.” Id. Lamb observed that 
“[n]o furunculosis,” or boils, “developed in over 90 cases which have used 
bicarbonate of soda over periods of from four weeks to a year’s duration.” 
Id. 
 
4. Bianchi ’518 (Ex. 1006) 
Bianchi ’518 is titled “LOW RESIDUE SOLID 
ANTIPERSPIRANT.” Ex. 1006, code (54). Bianchi ’518 “relates to 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
14 
 
antiperspirant sticks, substantially free of water and long chain fatty 
alcohols, which provide the user with excellent antiperspirant efficacy, 
reduced residue when the composition is first applied to the skin, reduced 
residue after dry down, high temperature stability, and excellent cosmetics 
and aesthetics. Id., 1:8–13. 
Bianchi ’518 discloses that the antiperspirant composition possesses a 
specification of “Penetration-ASTM D-1321@ 100/77/5 10–16.” Id., 2:57–
58. Bianchi ’518 explains that 
[o]ne important physical parameter affecting consumer 
acceptance of suspensoid antiperspirant sticks of the invention is 
hardness as measured by needle penetration. Typical 
compositions of the invention will range in hardness from about 
7.0 to about 14.0 mm as shown by the above mentioned needle 
penetration test. Products outside this range will typically 
generate low consumer acceptance ratings. 
Id., 6:23–29. 
5. Native (Ex. 1007) 
Native is a printed publication from a website advertising a deodorant 
product sold in 2016. Ex. 1007, 5–8, 11–12, 14–18. Native is advertised as 
a “Deodorant That Isn’t A Chemistry Experiment,” which contains 
“NATURAL INGREDIENTS” and is “ALUMINUM-FREE.” Id., 5. 
Native lists each ingredient for the Native deodorant stick product, 
including, inter alia, shea butter, beeswax, baking soda, and stearyl alcohol. 
Id., 6, 11. 
The picture on page 5 of Native, reproduced below, illustrates a 
deodorant product. Id., 5. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
15 
 
 
The picture of the Native deodorant product, reproduced above, illustrates 
the deodorant stick in a supine position with the cap removed. Id. 
6. Bianchi ’254 (Ex. 1008) 
Bianchi ’254 is titled “ANTIPERSPIRANT STICK 
COMPOSITIONS.” Ex. 1008, code (54). Bianchi ’254 discloses 
“antiperspirant stick compositions comprising specified amounts of 
antiperspirant active; carrier oil comprising volatile silicone oil and non-
volatile masking oil; structurant comprising fatty alcohol and cosmetically 
acceptable wax having a melting point of 75 to 95° C., a portion of wax 
comprises polyethylene in specified amounts.” Id., code (57). Bianchi ’254 
addresses 
a need for non-whitening fatty alcohol-containing antiperspirant 
sticks, particularly sticks containing fatty alcohol at levels of 
12% by weight or above, more particularly, 15 wt % or above. 
Also desired are non-whitening fatty alcohol-containing sticks 
that have desirable antiperspirant payouts, while providing a 
‘clean’, non-sticky feel. There also remains a need for a non-
whitening fatty-alcohol containing stick that provides desirable 
payout as well as being thermally stable and resistant to dome 
collapse at temperatures of 50° C. 
Id., ¶ 10. Table 5 of Bianchi ’254 provides eight different formulations of 
antiperspirant sticks with each of their respective components and amounts 
listed. Id., ¶ 131. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
16 
 
Bianchi ’254 explains that the “[t]he hardness of the sticks can be 
measured in a needle penetration test.” Id., ¶ 26. Bianchi ’254 describes the 
method for measuring stick hardness using a “brass/steel tapered needle 
(DIN 51-579)” depth on six locations of the stick, “with the hardness values 
being reported as an average of the six measurements.” Id., ¶ 117. 
7. Easy Homemade (Ex. 1009) 
Easy Homemade is a printed publication of a blog post titled “Easy 
Homemade Deodorant Recipe with just 3-Ingredients.” Ex. 1009, 5. Easy 
Homemade describes the blogger’s first experience with natural deodorant, 
but falling “victim to the burning fiery rash you get after using deodorant 
with baking soda.” Id., 6. Easy Homemade describes that the blogger 
discovered that she “could swap the baking soda with magnesium hydroxide 
- basically the same thing as Milk of Magnesia - and it worked just as well.” 
Id. The Easy Homemade blogger describes melting “two natural 
deodorants” that are aluminum-free, and making a “[h]uge difference” in 
each deodorants’ performance by adding “arrowroot powder and magnesium 
hydroxide to them.” Id., 7. Easy Homemade provides a deodorant recipe 
and lists “2.15 oz. natural aluminium free deodorant (base) of choice[,] 1 oz. 
arrowroot powder[,] .5 oz. magnesium hydroxide[,]” to which one may 
“[a]dd essential oils if desired.” Id., 7–8. 
C. The Lesniak Grounds (Ground 1–5) 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 5–7, 10–13 and 15 are either 
anticipated by or would have been obvious over Lesniak; that claims 13 and 
14 would have been obvious over Lesniak and Phinney; that claim 4 would 
have been obvious over Lesniak, Phinney, and Lamb; that claim 8 would 
have been obvious over Lesniak and Bianchi ’518; and that claims 16–23 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
17 
 
would have been obvious over Lesniak, Phinney, Bianchi ’254, and Anconi. 
Pet. 5. Petitioner asserts that Lesniak teaches the majority of the limitations 
of these claims, see Pet. 18–23, with Phinney teaching magnesium 
hydroxide as an effective deodorant with enhanced effectiveness when used 
with zinc oxide, see Pet. 23, with Lamb teaching baking soda as an effective 
antimicrobial in a deodorant stick, see Pet. 27, with Bianchi ’518 teaching 
the claimed hardness range of 7.0 mm to about 14.0mm (equivalent to about 
70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10), as measured by penetration with an 
ASTM-D 1321 needle, see Pet. 30, and with Bianchi ’254 teaching stearyl 
alcohol as a widely used structurant of particular interest for deodorants and 
Anconi teaching the use of triethyl citrate as an antimicrobial, see Pet. 33–
34. 
Petitioner provides detailed claims charts for each of these grounds 
explaining how each claim limitation is disclosed in the asserted references 
and how its assertions are supported by the testimony of Dr. Michniak-
Kohn. See Pet. 18–23 (Ground I), 23–26 (Ground II), Pet. 27–29 (Ground 
III), Pet. 29–33 (Ground IV), Pet. 33–40; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 56–134. 
1. Ground 1 (Claims 1, 2, 5–7, 10–13, and 15) 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 
that Lesniak anticipates each of challenged claims 1, 2, 5–7, 10–13, and 15. 
We address the parties’ arguments below and begin with an analysis of 
claim 1. 
Claim 1 requires a deodorant stick free of an aluminum salt with at 
least 25% by weight liquid triglyceride and a primary antimicrobial. 
Ex. 1001, 26:57–60. Petitioner points to Lesniak’s teachings of a deodorant 
stick in the form of an antiperspirant stick that has at least 25% of a liquid 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
18 
 
triglyceride such as caprylic/capric triglyceride, zinc oxide, a known 
antimicrobial, and the absence of an aluminum salt. Pet. 19–20 (citing 
Ex. 1003, 1:16–2:30, 4:22, 9:45, 10:27, 9:45–59, 1:39–63, 2:31–41, 3:39–
4:21, 5:32–6:23, 6:30–43, 8:31–9:59; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 61–66). 
Patent Owner responds to Petitioner’s challenge with several 
arguments, which we address below. PO Resp. 15–30. Patent Owner 
summarizes its position as follows. 
In sum, Lesniak does not teach a stable “deodorant stick” 
or a stable antiperspirant stick, and shows at least nine different 
sunscreen formulas with slight variations that are all unstable. 
Lesniak provides just one example sunscreen “stick” as to 
which stability is unknown. A POSA armed with Lesniak’s 
disclosure on the fragility of its crystal-network-structured 
compositions—which lacks guidance as to how to formulate a 
stable deodorant or antiperspirant stick—would not have been 
able to make and use the claimed “deodorant stick.” (Ex. 2011 
at ¶¶ 54-68.) None of Petitioner’s other references remedy this 
deficiency; Petitioner does not argue that they do. 
PO Resp. 29. 
a) Whether Lesniak discloses a deodorant stick 
Patent Owner first contends that “Lesniak does not disclose a 
‘deodorant stick,’ as required by the preamble of the independent claims.” 
PO Resp. 15. Patent Owner acknowledges that Lesniak suggests that “[t]he 
composition can also be an antiperspirant” (Ex. 1003, 10:27–29), but 
contends that Lesniak fails to “specify any form of antiperspirant, which can 
come in a variety of forms, including aerosol sprays, creams, liquids, and 
gels.” PO Resp. 18–19. Patent Owner further contends that Lesniak’s 
“passing references to ‘antiperspirant’ fail to convert Lesniak into something 
other than a reference about the embodied sunscreens and diaper creams.” 
Id. at 19 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 49). 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
19 
 
 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments. Rather, we 
agree with Petitioner that Lesniak teaches anhydrous personal care 
compositions where “[t]he composition can . . . be an antiperspirant” and 
“can also be a stick.” Ex. 1003, 9:45, 10:27. Thus, Lesniak teaches or 
suggests a deodorant in the form of an antiperspirant. Pet. Reply 2 (citing 
Ex. 1036, 2 (“all antiperspirants are deodorants”); Ex. 1037, 246 (same); 
Ex. 1084, 33 (“[T]he main mechanisms through which deodorant products 
intended to combat body odors . . . were the usage of antiperspirants that 
prevent perspiration[.]”)). In light of those express disclosures, we are 
unpersuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments that Lesniak fails to teach or 
suggest a “deodorant stick.” 
b) Whether antiperspirants must contain aluminum 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak’s antiperspirants must contain 
aluminum. PO Resp. 19–20. Specifically, Patent Owner contends that, 
[T]he term “antiperspirant,” to a POSA, means a 
composition containing aluminum, the ingredient present in the 
only antiperspirant actives approved by the FDA.1 See 37 
C.F.R. 350. A POSA would have understood that the FDA 
regulates antiperspirants as drugs and regards deodorants as 
cosmetics. (Id. at ¶ 50.) A POSA would have further understood 
Lesniak’s disclosure of “antiperspirant” as requiring the use of 
an antiperspirant active, and the only antiperspirant actives 
approved by the FDA all contain aluminum. (Id.) Indeed, the 
FDA lists the 18 approved antiperspirant actives in its 
monograph “Antiperspirant Drug Products for Over-the-
Counter Human Use,” and every one comprises aluminum. 
PO Resp. 19–20 (footnote omitted). See also PO Sur-reply 18–20 (a 
POSA’s understanding of “antiperspirants,” now and at the time of Lesniak, 
is that they contain aluminum (citing Ex. 1081,2 60:12–14 (“[A] POSA 
 
2 Ex. 1081, Dr. Robert Lochhead Deposition Transcript, July 10, 2025. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
20 
 
would understand if you’re talking about an antiperspirant, it has to have 
aluminum.”); Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 50–53). 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument. Rather, we agree 
with Petitioner that, “[w]hile [Patent Owner] emphasizes that the FDA 
requires antiperspirants marketed in the U.S. to contain aluminum, 
anticipation and obviousness are distinct from FDA regulatory 
requirements.” Reply 3 (citing Persion Pharms. LLC v. Alvogen Malta Ops. 
Ltd., 945 F.3d 1184, 1193 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“FDA’s approval requirements 
do not undermine the force of the evidence as to obviousness”)). Indeed, the 
evidence of record shows that zinc compounds were known antiperspirant 
actives that could be alternatives to aluminum. Id. at 4 (citing Ex. 1003, 
3:39–4:21, 8:46–48, 10:27 (describing zinc-based antiperspirant 
compositions); Ex. 1014 ¶ 20 (“[A]ntiperspirant actives include astringent 
metallic salts, particularly inorganic and organic salts of aluminum, 
zirconium, and zinc, as well as mixtures thereof.”)); see also Ex. 1002 ¶ 66 
(“Lesniak’s formulations include zinc oxide, which was a known alternative 
to aluminum.”) (citing Ex. 1003, 1:39–2:30, 3:43–4:21, 5:32–6:23, 8:31–
9:59). 
c) Whether Lesniak enables a deodorant stick 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak fails to provide sufficient 
guidance as to how to formulate a stable deodorant or antiperspirant stick, 
and therefore, is non-enabling. Id. at 24–30 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 54–56). In 
particular, Patent Owner contends that “the only ‘stick’ formulation Lesniak 
expressly teaches is a sunscreen stick.” PO Resp. 24–25 (citing Ex. 1003, 
Table 7). Patent Owner also directs our attention to the results disclosed in 
Lesniak’s Table 2 and argues that Lesniak’s compositions suffered from 
stability issues. Id. at 26–31; see also Sur-reply 17 (“Lesniak’s Table 2 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
21 
 
shows that even small changes in a composition can yield unstable results,” 
demonstrating that the art is unpredictable.). Patent Owner concludes that 
“Lesniak does not teach a stable “deodorant stick” or a stable antiperspirant 
stick, and shows at least nine different sunscreen formulas with slight 
variations that are all unstable.” PO Resp. 30 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 54–68). 
We find that the evidence of record fails to support Patent Owner’s 
argument that the prior art fails to enable a stable deodorant stick. Rather, 
we are persuaded by Petitioner that Lesniak sufficiently teaches 
compositions with the relevant ingredients and achieves stable compositions 
through the use of a second wax having a melting point of 73 to 90° C. 
Reply 6–7 (citing Ex. 1003, 1:39–54). For example, Lesniak’s compositions 
(nos. 8 and 11) that used such a second wax, namely CastorWax MP80, are 
disclosed as sufficiently stable. Ex. 1003, Table 2. Here, we further credit 
the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn that 
Lesniak teaches how to make stable compositions by including a 
secondary wax, such as castor wax, with a sufficiently high 
melting point. Ex. 1003, 1:39-54, 5:23-32, Table 2. Both of the 
compositions (nos. 8 and 11) tested by Lesniak that had such a 
wax passed the stability tests. Id. 
Ex. 1086 ¶ 7; see also Reply 6 (“Lesniak overcame any stability issues, as it 
expressly discloses compositions that are ‘physically stable at high and low 
temperatures.’”) (citing Ex. 1003, 5:23–32). 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we determine that Lesniak provides sufficient disclosure 
to enable a person of ordinary skill in the art to formulate deodorant stick 
within the parameters of claim 1. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
22 
 
d) Conclusion as to Claims 1 
Therefore, for the reasons discussed above, we conclude that 
Petitioner has proved by a preponderance of evidence that Lesniak 
anticipates claim 1. 
a) Claims 2, 5–7, 10–13, and 15 
 Petitioner argues that claims 2, 5–7, 10–13, and 15 would have been 
anticipated by or obvious over Lesniak. Pet. 18–23. Patent Owner presents 
the arguments discussed above regarding the limitations of claim 1, but does 
not present arguments or direct us to evidence against Petitioner’s challenges 
that are specific to the limitations of claims 2, 5–7, 10–13, and 15. See 
generally PO Resp. 
Upon review of Petitioner’s undisputed argument, which we adopt as 
our own, and the evidence of record, we determine that Petitioner has 
demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that each of claims 2, 5–7, 
10–13, and 15 are anticipated by Lesniak. See, e.g., Pet. 18–23. 
2. Ground 2 (Claims 3 and 14) 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 
that each of challenged claims 3 and 14 would have been obvious over 
Lesniak and Phinney. 
Claim 3 depends from claim 1 and adds a requirement that the 
primary antimicrobial is selected from a group that includes magnesium 
hydroxide. Ex. 1001, 26:64–27:3. Claim 14 depends from claim 3 and adds 
the requirement that all antimicrobials have water solubility in a particular 
range. Id. at 27:38–40. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
23 
 
Petitioner asserts that a POSA would combine the teachings of 
Lesniak with Phinney’s teaching of magnesium hydroxide as an 
antimicrobial in a deodorant stick in addition to zinc oxide. Pet. 23–26. By 
combining these references of record in the manner proposed by the 
Petitioner, we are persuaded that those of ordinary skill in the art would have 
been motivated to combine the teachings of Lesniak and Phinney to meet 
each limitation of claims 3 and 14. Patent Owner does not substantively 
challenge Petitioner’s contentions with regard to how the teachings of the 
individual references are applied to meet each limitation of claims 3 and 14, 
but whether a POSA would have a motivation to combine these teachings at 
all. PO Resp. 31–36. 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak and Phinney describe entirely 
different uses for their metal oxides/hydroxides. PO Resp. 32. In particular, 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak includes zinc oxide in sunscreen and 
diaper cream compositions as a protective barrier, not for odor control. Id. 
at 32. Moreover, Patent Owner contends that “Lesniak’s formulas with high 
concentrations of zinc oxide [are] unsuitable for use as an underarm 
deodorant or antiperspirant.” Id. (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 73; Ex. 1004, 2:33–36 
(“[Z]inc oxide… [is] very unreactive against perspiration odour.”), 3:20–21). 
Thus, a “POSA would not have been motivated to look at Phinney to modify 
Lesniak or incorporate any additional antimicrobial into Lesniak for 
‘improvements to odor protection,’ as odor protection was not a goal of 
Lesniak’s zinc oxide.” Id. at 32 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 73). 
Furthermore, Patent Owner contends that Phinney does not suggest a 
combination of zinc oxide and magnesium hydroxide. Id. at 32–33. Rather, 
according to Patent Owner, 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
24 
 
Petitioner cherry picks the single ingredient magnesium 
hydroxide from Phinney’s disclosure of magnesium hydroxide 
combined with other ingredients. Phinney explains that to 
combat odor, its compositions combine (1) magnesium 
hydroxide, and (2) zinc hydroxide, and (3) potassium chloride 
and/or potassium sulfate. (Ex. 1004 at 8:7-31, cl. 1.) Phinney 
emphasizes the need for zinc hydroxide, not zinc oxide, stating 
that “[t]he zinc hydroxide typically lowers the pH of the 
magnesium 
hydroxide-perspiration 
odour-controlling 
formulation of the invention,” which “avoid[s] skin irritation.” 
(Id. at 5:31-33, 52-60.) Phinney further requires the “disinfection 
capacity” of a potassium and/or sulfate potassium chloride, 
explaining one of these ingredients is responsible “for destroying 
microorganisms associated with odour.” (Id. at 3:66-5:4, 5:1-5, 
5:64-67; Ex. 2011 at ¶ 74.) 
PO Resp. 32–33. Patent Owner further contends that Lesniak and Phinney 
are incompatible, arguing that Lesniak’s compositions are anhydrous while 
Phinney’s compositions requires water. Id. at 34 (citing 2011 ¶ 75), 36 (citing 
Ex. 2011 ¶ 79); see also Ex. 1004, 4:48–51, 8:22–41 (explaining magnesium 
oxide and zinc oxide are both mixed with water to become their respective 
hydroxides, and that they “must be completely converted to their hydroxides 
or skin irritation will occur”); Sur-reply 20–21. 
We have considered Patent Owner’s arguments but find, on this 
record, Petitioner to have the better position. In particular, we are persuaded 
that a POSA would have been motivated to add magnesium hydroxide to 
Lesniak’s compositions because 
Phinney teaches that: (i) zinc oxide has “low activity” as a 
“deodorant agent”; (ii) magnesium hydroxide is “an effective 
deodorant”; and (iii) zinc and magnesium compounds have 
synergistic effects, hence motivating a POSA to add magnesium 
hydroxide to Lesniak’s zinc oxide deodorants. Ex. 1004, 1:13-
3:16, 5:61-67. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
25 
 
Pet. Reply 9; see also Pet. 23–26 (arguing that a POSA would have found it 
obvious to add magnesium hydroxide to the composition of Lesniak because 
zinc oxide is not a particularly efficacious antimicrobial in deodorants when 
used alone, whereas magnesium hydroxide is an effective deodorant). 
We acknowledge that Phinney suggests mixing zinc oxide with water 
in order to convert zinc oxide to zinc hydroxide. See, e.g., Ex. 1004, 1:17–
19 (“It was also found that a mixture of the hydroxides of zinc and 
magnesium could provide long lasting protection against odour due to 
perspiration.”). The evidence of record, however, shows that both 
magnesium hydroxide and zinc oxide were known options for deodorant 
antimicrobials, and neither claim 3 nor claim 14 requires a minimal level of 
effectiveness such that the combination of magnesium hydroxide and zinc 
oxide would need to outperform any other combination including the 
mixture of zinc and magnesium hydroxides. See In re Fulton, 391 F.3d 
1195, 1200 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (“Our case law does not require that a particular 
combination must be the preferred, or the most desirable, combination[.]”). 
Here, we also credit the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn that “POSA would 
understand that the water-based vs. anhydrous distinction is not relevant, as 
a POSA would understand that magnesium hydroxide would still function as 
an antimicrobial in anhydrous compositions such as those disclosed by 
Lesniak.” Ex. 1086 ¶ 9 (citing Ex. 1072, 1-2, 5 (disclosing deodorants 
without added water and with zinc oxide and/or magnesium hydroxide)). 
Accordingly, we are persuaded by Petitioner that “[b]ecause Lesniak teaches 
using zinc oxide (a known antimicrobial) and Phinney teaches that using 
magnesium hydroxide in combination with zinc oxide improves 
antimicrobial properties, a POSA would have had a reason to follow 
Phinney’s teaching and add magnesium hydroxide to Lesniak’s composition. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
26 
 
“A POSA would have been motivated to incorporate known improvements 
to odor protection, particularly where the known improvement also was 
known to maintain the ‘natural’ composition intended by Lesniak.” Pet. 24 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 77–78). 
 
Ultimately, however, it does not matter whether Phinney teaches a 
composition that contains water. “[I]t is not necessary that [two pieces of 
prior art] be physically combinable to render obvious” the claimed subject 
matter. Allied Erecting and Dismantling Co., Inc. v. Genesis Attachments, 
LLC, 825 F.3d 1373, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (quoting In re Sneed, 710 F.2d 
1544, 1550 (Fed. Cir. 1983)). Rather, the question is “whether the claimed 
inventions are rendered obvious by the teachings of the prior art as a whole.” 
In re Etter, 756 F.2d 852, 859 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (noting that whether one 
prior art reference can be incorporated into another is “basically irrelevant.”) 
Lesniak and Phinney undisputedly teach that magnesium hydroxide and zinc 
oxide were known ingredients in personal care products including deodorant 
sticks. The inclusion of magnesium hydroxide and zinc oxide into a single 
product therefore represents, absent evidence to the contrary, “a combination 
of familiar elements according to known methods that does no more than 
yield predictable results.” Agrizap, Inc. v. Woodstream Corp., 520 F.3d 
1337, 1344 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
Additionally, Patent Owner contends that Lesniak’s compositions 
contain large amounts of zinc oxide (up to 20%) and that a POSA would 
have understood that “Lesniak’s upwards of 20% zinc oxide compositions to 
be far from the 0.5-1.5% of zinc hydroxide used in Phinney.” PO Resp. 35 
(citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 76–77; Ex. 2012, 84:14–16). We are not persuaded. The 
evidence of record does not support a conclusion that compositions 
comprising 10 to 30% zinc oxide such as disclosed in Lesniak would not be 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
27 
 
appropriate for deodorants. Again, we credit the testimony of Dr. Michniak-
Kohn “that deodorants were known to contain ranges of zinc oxide that 
encompass the amount of zinc oxide in Lesniak’s compositions.” Ex. 1086 
¶ 9 (citing Ex. 1001, 10:47–59; Ex. 1072, 1–2 (disclosing deodorants having 
“from 0.5 to 20%” zinc oxide)). 
3. Ground 3 (Claim 4) 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 
that challenged claim 4 would have been obvious over Lesniak, Phinney, 
and Lamb. 
Claim 4 depends from claim 1 and requires an additional 
antimicrobial that may include baking soda. Ex. 1001, 27:4–15. 
Petitioner asserts that neither Lesniak nor Phinney expressly teach 
baking soda as an antimicrobial, but Lamb does. Pet. 27 (citing Ex. 1005, 
132). Petitioner points to Lamb’s teaching that baking soda is an “excellent 
deodorant” that “lasts through the entire day” and “a valuable underarm 
deodorant for common daily usage.” Pet. 27–28 (quoting Ex. 1005, 132–
133). Petitioner concludes that it would have been obvious to include 
Lamb’s teaching of using baking soda as a deodorant to the teachings of 
Lesniak and Phinney. Id. 
Patent Owner questions why a POSA would add the baking soda from 
Lamb as a deodorant when it is a skin irritant. See Prelim. Resp. 45. Patent 
Owner states: 
Petitioner makes no effort to reconcile its pro-baking 
soda argument in Ground 3 with its anti-baking soda argument 
[in Ground 7]. Instead, Petitioner and its expert claim that a 
POSA would have both been motivated to add baking soda to 
the Lesniak because it creates an “excellent” deodorant, yet 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
28 
 
remove baking soda because of “associated skin irritation.” (Id. 
at 27–28, 50–51). 
PO Resp. 45. 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument. Lamb expressly 
teaches baking soda as an effective ingredient in a deodorant. Ex. 1005, 
131–33. Baking soda is also known to cause irritation that may motivate 
some to remove it from deodorants. See Ex. 2011 ¶ 102. Thus, the specific 
set of advantages and disadvantages for using baking soda in a deodorant 
was known to a person of skill in the art. On this record, the inclusion or 
exclusion of baking soda presents no unexpected result and the evidence of 
record establishes that it would have been an obvious matter of design 
choice within the skill of the art to balance the advantages and disadvantages 
associated therewith. See Medichem, S. A. v. Rolabo, S.L., 437 F.3d 1157, 
1165 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (“a given course of action often has simultaneous 
advantages and disadvantages, and this does not necessarily obviate 
motivation to combine”); see also Winner Int’l Royalty Corp. v. Wang, 202 
F.3d 1340, 1349 n. 8 (Fed. Cir. 2000) (“The fact that the motivating benefit 
comes at the expense of another benefit, however, should not nullify its use 
as a basis to modify the disclosure of one reference with the teachings of 
another.”) 
In view of the above, we determine that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claim 4 would have been obvious over 
the combination of Lesniak, Phinney, and Lamb. 
4. Ground 4 (Claim 8) 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
29 
 
that challenged claim 8 would have been obvious over Lesniak and 
Bianchi ’518. 
Claim 8 depends from claim 1 and adds a hardness limitation. See 
Ex. 1001, 27:23–25. Petitioner notes that Lesniak does not expressly teach 
hardness as measured by penetration within an ASTM-D 1321 needle test as 
required by claim 8, but that Bianchi ’518 discloses a hardness range by 
needle penetration. Id at 30. Specifically, Petitioner states: “Bianchi ’518 
teaches that the claimed hardness range of about 7.0 mm to about 14.0 mm 
(equivalent to about 70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10), as measured by 
penetration with an ASTM-D 1321 needle, was ‘typical[],’ and products 
outside of the range were known to generate low consumer acceptance 
ratings.” Pet. 30 (citing Ex. 1006, 2:56–58, 6:23–29). 
Because a POSA would know that hardness was important to 
consumer acceptance and Lesniak is concerned with the “skin feel” desired 
by a consumer, Petitioner contends “a POSA would have looked at 
publications, like Bianchi ’518 to find consumer acceptable hardness ranges 
in formulating a stick composition acceptable to consumers” with a 
reasonable expectation of success. Pet. 31–32 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 93–95). 
Patent Owner disagrees asserting that a POSA would have no reason 
to modify Lesniak and neither Lesniak nor Bianchi ’518 discloses the 
claimed stick harness range. PO Resp. 37–44; Sur-reply 2–7.3 We address 
each of these arguments in turn. 
 
3 Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner improperly submitted evidence with its 
Reply to correlate the hardness test methods of the Bianchi references and 
the challenged claims. See Papers 23, 24. Because we do not agree on the 
record before us that these test methods are different, we do not rely on 
Petitioner's newly submitted evidence and will not further address Patent 
Owner's assertions. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
30 
 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 
that the combination of Lesniak and Bianchi ’254 renders obvious 
challenged claim 8. We address the parties’ arguments below. 
a) Motivation to Combine Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner’s argument is inconsistent 
because a POSA would have understood Lesniak’s formulations to be 
complete deodorant sticks that did not require additional ingredients, see Pet. 
20, yet seeks to modify these teachings. PO Resp. 42–3. Patent Owner 
compares the formulations of Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 asserting that a 
“POSA would not have been motivated to consider the teachings of Bianchi-
518 and Bianchi-254 in combination with Lesniak, as the Bianchi 
compositions require large amounts of non-natural ingredients (volatile 
silicones), and using such non-natural ingredients would defeat the core 
objective of Lesniak to provide natural compositions.” PO Resp. 37. 
Petitioner responds that “[a] complete deodorant is merely one that 
qualifies as a deodorant without the need for additional ingredients. It does 
not mean that Lesniak’s formulations were perfect or that a POSA lacked 
any reason to improve or modify them.” Pet. Reply 8 (citing Ex. 1081, 
43:25–44:18 (asserting admission by statement that “there was a motivation 
to make [deodorants] better,” notwithstanding that they were “complete”). 
We determine that Petitioner has the better position here. Therefore, 
we determine that this ground does not fail because a POSA would have had 
no motivation to modify Lesniak. A POSA would have motivation to make a 
formula that works better. 
We also determine that Petitioner does not rely on the teachings of 
Bianchi ’518 relating to its non-natural ingredients, such as silicones, but on 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
31 
 
its teaching concerning an acceptable hardness range to accommodate 
consumer preferences. See Pet. 29–33. To that point, Lesniak teaches the 
use of a first and second wax as preferred structurants and the evidence of 
record supports a conclusion that a POSA would understand how to 
formulate a deodorant stick using the structurants taught in Lesniak. See, 
e.g., Pet. 18–23; Ex. 1002 ¶ 42 (“For deodorant sticks, the structurant is 
what mixed with the carrier oil to cause the formulation to have the 
consistency (e.g., hardness) of a stick form. In addition to adjusting the 
balance between, e.g., waxes of different melting points to control hardness, 
a POSA would have appreciated that the amount of structurant controls the 
hardness of the stick.”). Therefore, Patent Owner’s argument concerning the 
lack of a reason to combine the references based on the natural or non-
natural nature of the ingredients of Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 is 
unpersuasive. 
b) Whether Lesniak nor Bianchi-518 Disclose a Stick of the 
Claimed Hardness 
As noted above, claim 8 requires that the claimed deodorant stick to 
have “a hardness from about 70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10, as measured 
by penetration with ASTM D-1321 needle.” Ex. 1001, 27:22–25 (claim 8). 
For this element, Petitioner relies on Bianchi ’518’s teaching that consumers 
prefer products falling within a hardness range of about 7.0 mm to about 
14.0 mm (equivalent to about 70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10), as measured 
by the standard ASTM-D 1321 needle penetration test. Pet. 30 (citing 
Ex. 1006, 2:56–58, 6:23–29). 
Patent Owner contends that the standard hardness test referenced in 
Bianchi-518 is different from the test described in the ’706 patent and 
contends that “the Bianchi hardness test uses a needle and shaft with double 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
32 
 
the weight of the needle and shaft used in the ’706 Patent [100 grams vs. 50 
grams], and thus its so-called same or similar hardness ranges reflect that the 
Bianchi compositions are actually significantly harder than those claimed in 
the ’706 Patent (i.e., the ’706 method would require twice the weight of the 
penetration needle assembly to yield similar penetration depths).” PO Resp. 
38–39 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 82–86; Ex. 2018,4 5–6 (“Place a 50-g weight 
above the penetrometer needle, making a total load of 100 ± 0.015 g for the 
needle and all attachments.”)). Patent Owner supports its argument with the 
testimony of Dr. Lochhead, who explains that 
The ’706 Patent uses a different testing method. The ’706 
Patent explains that its invention exhibits a hardness in the range 
of “70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10,” as measured using an 
ASTM D-1321 penetration needle in a test similar to ASTM 
D-1321, but with one significant difference: “the total weight of 
the shaft and needle is 50±0.2 grams when the shaft is in free 
fall.” (’706 at 23:1-2.) The ’706 Patent’s method does not 
include the “50-g weight” added to the needle assembly as an 
additional load, which is used in the standard ASTM D-1321 test 
utilized by Bianchi-518. 
Ex. 2011 ¶ 90; see PO Resp. 39. Patent Owner further contends that the 
evidence of record fails to support a conclusion that Bianchi-518’s test and 
the ’706 patent’s test would produce overlapping hardness ranges. 
PO Resp. 40–41. 
We find that the evidence of record fails to support Patent Owner’s 
position that the ’706 patent discloses a unique hardness test. As noted by 
Petitioner, the ’706 patent discloses that hardness was measured by 
“penetration with ASTM D-1321 needle (see Hardness test method below).” 
Ex. 1001, 15:12–13; see Ex. 1001, Abst., 2:18–21. The ’706 patent 
 
4 Ex. 2018, ASTM D-1321 Needle Penetration Test Standard (1996). 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
33 
 
describes that its hardness test was based on ASTM D-1321 and used 
penetration needles “as specified for the ASTM D 1321 D 1321/DIN 51 579, 
Officially certified, Taper-Tipped needle, No. H-1310, Humboldt Mfg.” 
Ex. 1001, 22:55–58. The ’706 patent further discloses that “[p]eriodic 
calibration should confirm: . . . the total weight of the shaft and needle is 
50±0.2 grams when the shaft is in free fall.” Id. at 22:63–23:4. That 
disclosure for periodic calibration coincides with the requirement under the 
ASTM D-1321 test that “[t]he final weight of the needle shall be 2.5 ± 
0.05 g. The total weight of the plunger shall be 47.5 ± 0.05 g.” Ex. 2018, 5. 
However, the ASTM D-1321 test also makes clear that a 50-gram weight is 
placed “above the penetrometer needle, making a total load of 100 ± 0.15 g 
for the needle and all attachments,” which is consistent with Bianchi-518’s 
disclosure of a test using 100 grams of weight. Pet. Reply 12–13; Ex. 1006 
at 2:58, 6:25-28. The ’706 patent, on the other hand, fails to expressly 
disclose whether the test was performed without the required 50-gram 
weight placed above the penetrometer needle, and its silence to that fact is 
insufficient to persuade us that a different test was ultimately intended or 
performed. Rather, we are persuaded by the following testimony of Dr. 
Michniak-Kohn: 
Dr. Lochhead states that he believes the claimed recitation 
of a hardness range “as measured by penetration with ASTM D-
1321 needle” should not be understood to indicate the ASTM D-
1321 standard, but a modification of that standard. Ex. 2011, 43. 
As a basis for his opinion. Dr. Lochhead focuses on language in 
the ’706 Patent that “the total weight of the shaft and needle is 
50±0.2 grams.” Ex. 2011, ¶25. But he omits the preceding 
language, which states that this is the weight to be used for 
“[p]eriodic calibration” to “confirm” that the equipment is in 
proper working order. Ex. 1001, 22:63–23:4. That “[p]eriodic 
calibration” section precedes a section identifying what needs to 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
34 
 
be confirmed “[a]t the time of use.” Id., 23:5–10. Those two 
sections would suggest to a POSA routine checking of 
equipment. Only after those two sections does the specification 
set forth the test. Id., 23:13–62 (“Sample Preparation and 
Measurement”). Moreover, the “[p]eriodic calibration” comports 
with the ASTM D-1321 standard, which likewise requires that 
the “weight of the needle shall be 2.5 g” and the weight of the 
plunger shall be 47.5 g,” for a 50-g total weight of the needle 
assembly. Ex. 2018, 5. Although the ASTM D-1321 standard 
further describes using an additional 50-g weight during the test, 
a POSA would not read the ’706 Patent to exclude that weight. 
Rather, a POSA would consult the details of the ASTM D-1321 
standard identified by the ’706 Patent to ensure compliance. 
Ex. 1086 ¶ 3. 
Accordingly, having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of 
record, summarized above, we determine that a POSA would have been 
motivated to formulate Lesniak’s deodorant stick to be within the claimed 
hardness range, which overlaps with ranges known to be acceptable to 
consumers as disclosed in Bianchi ’518, with a reasonable expectation of 
success. Pet. 29–33 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 92–98). 
For the reasons discussed above, we conclude that Petitioner has 
proved by a preponderance of evidence that the combined teachings of 
Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 render claim 8 obvious. 
5. Ground 5 (Claim 16–23) 
Petitioner asserts that the combination of Lesniak, Phinney, Bianchi 
’254 and Anconi renders obvious claims 16–23. Pet. 33–40. Petitioner 
provides detailed claim charts for these claims. See Pet. 36–40. 
Petitioner primarily relies on Lesniak to teach the limitations of these 
claims, but notes: 
While Lesniak describes formulating deodorant 
compositions with “fatty alcohols,” which a POSA would have 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
35 
 
understood to include stearyl alcohol, it does not expressly 
disclose using stearyl alcohol as the primary structurant. 
Ex. 1003, 8:31–32; Ex. 1001, 15:50–51; see also Ex. 1008, 
Tables 1, 5. Bianchi ’254 states stearyl alcohol is a “widely 
used” structurant “of particular interest” for deodorants. Ex. 
1008, ¶¶[0001], [0018], [0019], [0058]. Therefore, a POSA 
would have found it obvious to use stearyl alcohol in the 
composition of Lesniak, as taught by Bianchi ’254. Moreover, 
while Lesniak describes formulating deodorant compositions 
with antimicrobials such as zinc oxide, it does not expressly 
teach the use of triethyl citrate, which a POSA would have 
recognized as another antimicrobial. Anconi discloses 
deodorant formulations that, like Lesniak’s compositions, 
comprise zinc salts. Anconi states that the composition may 
also include “ingredients known to have antibacterial and 
deodorant properties,” and identifies triethyl citrate as such an 
ingredient. Ex. 1057, ¶[0027]. Therefore, a POSA would have 
found it obvious to use triethyl citrate as an antimicrobial in the 
composition of Lesniak, as taught by Anconi. Ex. 1002, ¶99-
100. 
Pet. 33–34. 
 
Petitioner asserts that a POSA would have reason to combine the 
teachings because Bianchi ’254 touts stearyl alcohol as a “widely used” 
structurant particularly for deodorants and provides stick compositions with 
a “clean, non-sticky feeling” preferred by consumers. Pet. 34–35. Petitioner 
also asserts that a POSA would have used triethyl citrate as an antimicrobial 
in Lesniak’s deodorant compositions to improve odor protection provided by 
the zinc oxide. Id. at 35. Petitioner concludes: “Moreover, a POSA would 
have appreciated that deodorant compositions could be formed through 
various combinations of known ingredients, such as structurants and 
antimicrobials, as simple design choices.” Id. at 36 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 104). 
 
Patent Owner responds that a POSA would not have had a reason to 
modify Lesniak as Petitioner asserts Lesniak is “a complete deodorant stick” 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
36 
 
especially in light of Bianchi ’254 non-natural ingredients. PO Resp. 47. 
Patent Owner also reiterates that the fragility of Lesniak’s compositions 
would not have provided a reasonable expectation of success in making the 
modifications to arrive at claims 16–23. Id. at 47, 49–50. Patent Owner also 
points to the different types of formulations for Lesniak and Anconi for a 
lack of reason to combine the teachings of these references with a reasonable 
expectation of success. Id. at 48. 
 
We have addressed these arguments previously and found them 
unpersuasive. We credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony supporting 
Petitioner’s positions set forth above. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 101–134. 
Specifically, we credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony concerning the 
inclusion of starch in Lesniak’s formulation with a reasonable expectation of 
success because starches such as tapioca/arrowroot had been successfully 
used in natural deodorants before. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 108–109. Also, we 
credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony concerning using triethyl citrate in 
Lesniak’s formulation to improve the ability to combat odor, and that “[a] 
POSA further would have been motivated to include triethyl citrate in 
Lesniak’s deodorant compositions because . . . those compositions contain 
liquid triglyceride, and triethyl citrate was known to prevent the degradation 
of triglycerides in compositions for topical use.” Id. ¶ 114. 
 
Accordingly, having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of 
record, summarized above, we determine that a POSA would have been 
motivated to make the combination of Lesniak, Phinney, Bianchi ’254, and 
Anconi to arrive at the claimed inventions of claims 16–23 of the ’706 patent 
with a reasonable expectation of success. Thus, we find these claims would 
have been obvious over the combination. 
 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
37 
 
D. The Native Grounds (Grounds 6–8) 
Petitioner presents three grounds that rely on Native to teach the 
majority of the limitations of the asserted claims in Grounds 6 through 8. 
See Pet. 40–62. For Ground 6, Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 5, 7, 8, 10–
12, and 15 of the ’706 patent would have been obvious over Native and 
Bianchi ’254. Pet. 40–50. For Ground 7, Petitioner asserts that claims 2–4, 
6, and 13–14 would have been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy 
Homemade. Pet. 50–55. For Ground 8, Petitioner asserts that claims 16–23 
would have been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, 
Anconi, and Stoia. Pet. 55–62. 
Petitioner provides detailed claim charts for each of these grounds 
explaining how each claim limitation is disclosed in the asserted references 
and how its assertions are supported by the testimony of Dr. Michniak-
Kohn. See Pet. 43–50 (Ground 6), 53–55 (Ground 7), Pet. 58–62 
(Ground 8); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 135–218. 
1. Ground 6 – Native and Bianchi ’254 
a) Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner states: 
Native discloses features of deodorant stick compositions 
claimed in the ’706 Patent; however, it does not expressly teach 
the percentage of each ingredient used, including the percentage 
of liquid triglyceride (carrier oil). Native also does not disclose 
the hardness of the deodorant stick. Bianchi ’254 describes 
antiperspirant stick compositions, which establish that the 
claimed concentrations of ingredients were conventional and 
that the claimed hardness range was standard. Accordingly, it 
would have been obvious to formulate a deodorant stick such as 
the stick disclosed by Native using ingredient concentrations 
and hardnesses as taught by Bianchi ’254. 
Pet. 40–41 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 135). 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
38 
 
b) Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner provides three reasons why the above-described 
combination of Native and Bianchi ’254 fails for Ground 6. First, Patent 
Owner asserts that Native’s deodorant stick was “a known leader in the 
field,” and the Native reference shows nothing but positive reviews for 
Native’s deodorant stick. PO Resp. 51–52. Consequently, Patent Owner 
asserts, “[w]ith this level of consumer acceptance and praise, and no 
identified issues or concerns, there was simply no reason for a POSA to have 
sought to modify Native.” Id. at 51–52 (citing Ex.2011 ¶¶ 114). Any such 
modification, Patent Owner asserts, is impermissibly based on hindsight 
using the ’706 patent as a roadmap. Id. 
Second, Patent Owner points to the differences in the Native’s 
aluminum-free product containing natural ingredients and Bianchi ’254’s 
formulation containing volatile silicon and aluminum. PO Resp. 52–53. 
Patent Owner concludes that a “POSA would not have been motivated to 
consider the teachings of Bianchi-254 in combination with Native, as 
Bianchi-254’s prominent use of non-natural ingredients and aluminum 
would defeat the core objective of Native to provide aluminum-free, natural 
deodorant products.” Id. at 52–53. 
Third, Patent Owner again points to the differences between the 
Native and Bianchi ’254 formulations concluding: 
The Petition does not explain what would have motivated a 
POSA to have implemented the weight-percentages from a non-
natural antiperspirant stick into the natural, aluminum-free stick 
of Native (if it is even possible), or what a POSA would have 
substituted for aluminum and volatile silicones in order to 
preserve the same weight percentages without the presence of 
the aluminum active and silicones. 
PO Resp. 54 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 119). 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
39 
 
c) Party Responses 
Petitioner responds that it is not necessary that Native itself identify 
any deficiencies for a POSA to be motivated to modify it, and also points to 
Easy Homemade as providing explicit motivation to modify Native. See Pet. 
Reply 19 (citing KSR Int’l, 550 U.S. 398, 418–21). Petitioner also responds 
that the differences between the formulations of Native and Bianchi ’254 
would not prevent a POSA from combining the teachings because “Native 
already achieved a silicone and aluminum-free deodorant stick, so a POSA 
therefore would not have to draw on Bianchi-254’s teachings for those 
features. Ex. 1002, 67-71. Native further discloses the relative amounts of 
each ingredient in that stick. Id. Bianchi-254 simply provides a POSA with 
guidance on the quantitative amounts of those ingredients and preferred 
hardness.” Pet. 20. Petitioner points out that the Specification of the ’706 
patent in fact “incorporates references disclosing aluminum-containing 
antiperspirants for their disclosure of ‘suitable’ structurants, emulsifiers, 
antimicrobials, and other ingredients.” Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 1001, 16:16-19, 
19:19-26; Ex. 1041; Ex. 1083; Ex. 1081, 46:22–52.22). 
Patent Owner reiterates that the differences in formulations between 
Native and Bianchi ’254 indicate a POSA would need to use impermissible 
hindsight to arrive at the claimed inventions. PO Sur-Reply 23–25. Patent 
Owner explains that “Petitioner ignores that Bianchi-254’s ‘guidance’ on the 
quantitative amounts of the ingredients in question is influenced and scaled 
by the presence of over 50% aluminum and silicone in Bianchi’s sticks.” Id. 
at 24. 
d) Discussion 
Petitioner asserts that Native’s natural, aluminum-free deodorant stick 
is comprised of the following ingredients—caprylic/capric triglyceride, 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
40 
 
baking soda, stearyl alcohol, hydrogenated castor oil, polyglycerol-3 
beeswax, and jojoba esters—although the percentage of each ingredient is 
not disclosed. See Pet. 44–50 (citing Ex. 1007, 5, 11).5 Dr. Michniak-Kohn 
testifies that “[i]n the absence of express teachings on these points, a POSA 
would have looked to other publications in the field with suitable examples.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 137. 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn notes that Native’s primary structurant is a fatty 
alcohol as in Bianchi ’254’s antiperspirant stick compositions. Ex. 1002 
¶ 138. Dr. Michniak-Kohn asserts that “Bianchi ’254 singles out stearyl 
alcohol as a ‘widely used’ structurant ‘of particular interest’ for 
antiperspirants.” Id. ¶¶ 109, 161 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 1, 58). Dr. Michniak-
Kohn concludes that “[w]hen formulating a natural, aluminum-free 
deodorant stick based on the composition in Native, a POSA would have 
looked at publications describing other stick compositions, like Bianchi 
’254, for information regarding the amount of ingredients.” Id. ¶ 139. We 
credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony as consistent with the record 
evidence, and further find Dr. Lochhead’s testimony to the contrary 
unpersuasive. 
First, we note that Petitioner looks to the teachings of Bianchi ’254 to 
inform the appropriate amount for the ingredients described in Native, not to 
alter Native’s formulation. See Pet. 41 (stating “it would be obvious to 
formulate a deodorant stick such as the stick disclosed by Native using 
ingredient concentrations as taught by Bianchi ’254”). Therefore, Patent 
Owner’s argument that the praise for the Native product would not 
 
5 Dr. Michniak-Kohn notes that aluminum salts and synthetic fragrances are 
not included in Native’s composition. See Ex. 1002 ¶ 121. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
41 
 
incentivize a POSA to change the Native formulation misses the mark. 
Petitioner does not seek to change Native’s formulation, but verify the 
amount of the listed ingredients. Id. In any event, as Petitioner notes, a 
reason to arrive at a claimed invention does not have to come from a 
particular identification of deficiencies in Native itself; as the Supreme 
Court noted in KSR such motivation may come from “any need or problem 
known in the field of endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the 
patent.” 550 U.S. at 420; see Reply 19. 
As Petitioner notes, both Native and Bianchi ’254 are in the same 
field as the ’706 patent—personal care compositions, including deodorants 
and/or antiperspirants. Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1001, Abstract, 18:65–26:36; 
Ex. 1007, 5–8, 11; Ex. 1008, Abstract, ¶¶ 10–21; Ex. 1002 ¶ 142). There is 
nothing in the record that we have found, nor has Patent Owner pointed us to 
any such evidence, to distinguish natural, aluminum-free deodorants from 
antiperspirants containing aluminum in such a way that ingredients of one 
would not be used for the same purpose in the other. As the Supreme Court 
noted in KSR, “[t]he combination of familiar elements according to known 
methods is likely to be obvious when it does no more than yield predictable 
results.” 550 U.S. at 416. In fact, as Petitioner points out, Patent Owner in 
the ’706 patent “incorporates references disclosing aluminum-containing 
antiperspirants for their disclosure of ‘suitable’ structurants, emulsifiers, 
antimicrobials, and other ingredients.” Id. at 22 (citing Ex. 1001, 16:23–27, 
19:42–47; Ex. 1041; Ex. 1083; Ex. 1081, 46:22–52:22). 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn persuasively asserts on the record before us that 
when looking at particular ingredients of a formulation, a POSA would look 
to other references in the same field—personal care compositions, including 
deodorants and/or antiperspirants—to determine how much of each 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
42 
 
ingredient should be used. We are not persuaded by the testimony of 
Dr. Lochhead to the contrary. Dr. Lochhead testifies that: 
In my opinion, a POSA seeking to develop a natural 
deodorant stick would not have been motivated to implement 
the weight percentages disclosed in Bianchi-254. Bianchi-254 
describes and claims antiperspirant formulations containing 
50% or more by weight of aluminum and silicone. For 
example, the antiperspirant compositions disclosed in Bianchi-
254 contain, e.g., “from 20 to 40 wt. %” of a volatile silicone, 
and silicone is the ingredient often present in the greatest 
amount across Bianchi-254’s compositions. (Ex. 1008 at 
[0042], Tables 1, 5; Ex. 2012 at 108:10-14.) The Bianchi-254 
compositions further include from 20 to 30 wt. % of the 
aluminum-containing antiperspirant active. (Ex. 1008 at Tables 
1, 5; Ex. 2012 at 108:10-14.) 
Bianchi-254 does not disclose a “natural, aluminum-free 
deodorant stick.” The Petition does not explain what would 
have motivated a POSA to have implemented the 
weight-percentages from a non-natural antiperspirant stick into 
the natural, aluminum-free stick of Native (which, in my 
opinion, may not even be possible), or what a POSA would 
have substituted for aluminum in order to preserve the same 
weight percentages without the presence of the mixed 
aluminum salt. The Petition does not explain how a POSA 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
implementing Bianchi-254’s teachings while maintaining a 
stable composition, and in my opinion they would not have a 
reasonable expectation of success in doing so. 
Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 118–119. 
 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn provides a convincing rationale for a POSA to 
look to Bianchi-254 for weight-percentages for the ingredients of Native 
even though Bianchi-254 is not a “natural” deodorant. Dr. Michniak-Kohn 
notes that Native’s primary structurant is stearyl alcohol, a fatty alcohol, and 
Bianchi ’254 “is a publication in the field which describes ‘fatty-alcohol 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
43 
 
containing antiperspirant stick compositions’ and methods related thereto.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 138. 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn further persuasively testifies that the combination 
of Native and Bianchi ’254 teaches the “at least 25% (or 40%) by weight 
liquid triglyceride” limitations. Dr. Michniak-Kohn states: 
Bianchi ’254 describes an antiperspirant stick with 40-
80% oil. In Bianchi ’254, part of the oil carrier (20-40% of the 
total) is a natural oil such as a liquid triglyceride. Ex. 1008, 
¶¶[0017], [0050]. Bianchi ’254 also describes that the 
antiperspirant stick further comprised 20-40% of silicone oil. 
Id., ¶[0016]. In my opinion, a POSA would have understood 
that silicone oil and liquid triglyceride both functioned as 
“carrier oils” that, among other things, solubilize and disperse 
other ingredients (id., ¶¶[0015], [0023], cl. 17, 18), and 
therefore would have been motivated to use even more liquid 
triglyceride (up to 80%) when formulating a natural deodorant 
stick (like in Native) that did not include, e.g., 20-40% silicone 
oil, to meet what the ’706 Patent admits was an existing 
consumer preference for “more natural products.” (Ex. 1001, 
1:25-26). 
Thus, in my opinion, a POSA would have been motivated 
to use at least about 60% of a liquid triglyceride in a deodorant 
stick, and would have had a reasonable expectation of success 
in doing so, inasmuch as (i) Bianchi ’254 already suggests a 
40% amount, and (ii) a POSA would have, based on Bianchi 
’254’s overall oil teachings, used even more of the liquid 
triglyceride (up to 80%) when making a stick with only that oil 
carrier (as taught by Native). 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 146–147. We agree with this assessment of the combination of 
the teachings of Bianchi ’254 and Native. A POSA would have increased 
the amount of liquid triglyceride in Bianchi ’254 in the 40 to 80% range for 
the total amount of oil disclosed in Bianchi ’254 when applied to the Native 
formulation that is natural and does not contain any silicone oil to arrive at 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
44 
 
the “at least 25% (or 40%) by weight liquid triglyceride” limitation in 
claims 1 and 12, respectively. 
 
We also agree that this conclusion is supported by the overlapping 
ranges for oil disclosed in Bianchi ’254 and claim 1. See Ex. 1002 ¶ 146. 
Further, we agree with Dr. Michniak-Kohn that “there was nothing critical 
or unexpected about the claimed range relative to Bianchi ’254’s ranges. As 
a POSA would have understood, the minor deviations in the ranges yield 
predictable variations in degree and do not produce a different kind of result. 
For example, using more liquid triglyceride generally yields a softer stick, 
merely changing the degree of hardness.” Id. ¶ 14632. Patent Owner 
offered no rebuttal to this assessment that changing the amount of liquid 
triglyceride is merely a variation in degree and not result. See KSR, 550 
U.S. at 416 (stating “combination of familiar elements according to known 
methods is likely to be obvious when it does no more than yield predictable 
results”). 
 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1, 5, 7, 8, 10–12 and 15 would have been obvious over 
Native and Bianchi ’254. 
2. Ground 7 – Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy Homemade 
Petitioner asserts that claims 2–4, 6, 13, and 14 would have been 
obvious over Native in view of Bianchi ’254 and Easy Homemade. Pet. 50–
55. Petitioner relies on the explanation of how the limitation of claim 1 are 
met by the teachings of Native and Bianchi ’254, but notes that Native does 
not teach “a deodorant stick composition (1) substantially free of baking 
soda (Native’s antimicrobial); (2) comprising antimicrobials with a water 
solubility of at most about 50 or 90 g/L at 25°C; or (3) comprising 
magnesium hydroxide as the antimicrobial.” Pet. 50. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
45 
 
Petitioner asserts that Native’s antimicrobial, baking soda, was known 
to cause skin irritation for some users, and Easy Homemade explains that 
magnesium hydroxide with a water solubility within the claimed range is an 
antimicrobial that works just as well as baking soda. Pet. 50–51 (citing 
Ex. 1009, 6, 9). 
Many of the issues raised by Patent Owner in response to Ground 7 
were also raised with regard to Ground 6, and we rely on our analysis set 
forth in Ground 6 above, see supra Section II.D.1. Patent Owner offers the 
following additional criticisms of Ground 7. 
 
Patent Owner challenges the public accessibility of Easy Homemade 
and whether Easy Homemade teaches the removal and substitution of baking 
soda. See PO Resp. 58–64. Patent Owner asserts that: 
Petitioner here does not provide any evidence that interested 
persons exercising reasonable diligence would have been able 
to locate Easy Homemade at the time of the priority date of the 
challenged patent, such as “evidence, or even argument, that 
[the] webpage was ‘indexed . . . (through search engines or 
otherwise)’ and thus locatable by a search engine.” 
 
Petitioner’s only “evidence” of alleged public 
accessibility is a statement from its expert that Easy Homemade 
was “part of a series of related ‘Soap Deli News’ articles . . . 
with significant engagement from individuals globally, where 
she cites three different “Soap Deli News” posts in apparent 
support. These additional blogposts do nothing to show the 
public accessibility of the specific Easy Homemade blogpost on 
which Petitioner relies, at any time before the priority date of 
the challenged patent. 
PO Resp. 59–60 (citing First Solar Inc. v. Rovshan Sade, IPR2023-00827, 
Paper 13, *18 (PTAB Nov. 16, 2023); Ex. 1002 ¶ 113). 
Petitioner responds that the United States Court of Appeals for the 
Federal Circuit (“Federal Circuit”) declined to adopt an indexing 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
46 
 
requirement for public accessibility. Reply 23 (citing Voter Verified, Inc. v. 
Premier Election Soln’s, 698 F.3d 1374, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2012)). Petitioner 
asserts that in accordance with Voter Verified, it has shown that Easy 
Homemade “contains reviews from interested persons that show such 
persons not only could have located—but actually did locate—the website, 
confirming it public accessibility.” Reply 24 (citing Ex. 1009, 7–8; 
Ex. 1016, 7–8, Ex. 1018, 6). 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Easy Homemade was publicly accessible. 
A reference is considered publicly accessible if it is “made available 
to the extent that persons interested and ordinarily skilled in the subject 
matter or art, exercising reasonable diligence, can locate it.” Jazz Pharms., 
Inc. v. Amneal Pharms., LLC, 895 F.3d 1347, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2018). To 
“determine whether an interested researcher would have been sufficiently 
capable of finding the reference and examining its contents,” we “must 
consider all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the disclosure.” 
In re Lister, 583 F.3d 1307, 1312 (Fed. Cir. 2009); see also In re 
Klopfenstein, 380 F.3d 1345, 1350 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (explaining that a 
determination of whether a reference qualifies as a printed publication 
“involves a case-by-case inquiry into the facts and circumstances 
surrounding the reference’s disclosure to members of the public”). 
 
Patent Owner’s main argument appears to be that Soap Daily News 
was not indexed. See PO Resp. 59. As Petitioner points out, however, such 
evidence is not necessarily required in all cases. See Sandoz Inc. v. Abbvie 
Biotechnology LTD., IPR2018-00156, Paper 11, *11 (PTAB June 5, 2018) 
(citing Voter Verified, 698 F.3d at 1381). “Rather, absent evidence of 
indexing, testimony indicating that the particular online publication or 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
47 
 
website on which the reference was published was well-known to the 
community interested in subject matter of the reference, and that, upon 
accessing the website, those interested would have found the reference using 
the website’s own search functions can support the ultimate determination 
that a given reference was publicly accessible.” Id. at 11–12 (citing Voter 
Verified, 698 F.3d at 1380–81). 
 
Petitioner presents evidence from the Wayback Machine for the Easy 
Homemade Blogpost, see Ex. 1009, 1–2, in addition to three other Soap Deli 
News posts, see Exs. 1017–1019. Dr. Mishniak-Kohn testifies “Easy 
Homemade was widely accessible, being part of a series of related “Soap 
Deli News” articles dedicated to deodorant formulations with significant 
engagement from individuals globally.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 167 (citing Ex. 1009; 
Exs. 1016–1018). Dr. Mishniak-Kohn also testifies that “a POSA would 
have appreciated that such websites from independent formulators striving 
for more natural options present an indication of consumer preferences, 
which a POSA would desire to meet in formulating new commercial 
products.” Id. We credit Dr. Mishniak-Kohn’s testimony here and 
determine that Easy Homemade was publicly accessible and qualifies as a 
printed publication. 
 
Patent Owner also asserts that Petitioner misreads Easy Homemade as 
teaching the removal and substitution of baking soda, but “[r]ather, the Easy 
Homemade hobbyist tells her followers to purchase a pre-made baking soda-
free deodorant base—a base Petitioner’s expert could not identify the 
ingredients of—and add some magnesium hydroxide powder to is. As 
Petitioner’s expert confirms, Easy Homemade ‘doesn’t talk about removing 
any ingredients from these sticks; she’s talking about adding ingredients.’” 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
48 
 
PO Resp. 60–61 (citing Ex. 1009, 7, Ex. 1012, 120:6-8, 121:1–9; Ex. 2011 
¶¶ 127–28). 
 
Petitioner responds that using prior art elements according to their 
established functions is obvious. Reply 22–23 (citing KSR, 550 U.S. at 417; 
Intel Corp. v. PACT XPP Schweiz AG, 61 F.4th 1373, 1380-81 (Fed. Cir. 
2023)). Therefore, Petitioner asserts that “[a] known antimicrobial for 
deodorants, baking soda, caused irritation for some users, and another 
known antimicrobial for deodorants, magnesium hydroxide, ameliorated that 
issue when substituted for baking soda. ‘Nothing more is required to show a 
motivation to combine under KSR.’” Id. at 22 (citing Intel, 61 F.4th at 1381). 
We agree. 
 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn points to evidence that “a POSA would have 
known that deodorants containing baking soda could cause skin irritation for 
some users and Easy Homemade confirms what POSA would have known—
namely, that magnesium hydroxide was a known substitute for baking soda 
that avoided skin irritation.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 168 (citing Ex. 1009, 6, 9). 
Petitioner further notes that Easy Homemade expressly discusses 
substituting magnesium hydroxide for baking soda because Easy Homemade 
states that “baking soda can easily be swapped for magnesium hydroxide.” 
Reply 22 (citing Ex. 1009, 6, 9). We agree with Petitioner that “Easy 
Homemade just directs the POSA to substitute one known antimicrobial for 
another.” Id. 
 
Based on the full record before us, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 2–4, 6, 13, and 14 
would have been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy Homemade. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
49 
 
3. Ground 8 – Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, Anconi, and 
Stoia 
Petitioner asserts that claims 16–23 would have been obvious over 
Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, Anconi, and Stoia. Pet. 63–66. 
Petitioner states: 
While Native teaches a deodorant stick composition 
comprising an antimicrobial and various plant compounds, it 
does not teach a deodorant stick comprising (1) triethyl citrate; 
or (2) sunflower seed oil. But a POSA would have found it 
obvious to use these compounds in Native’s deodorant based on 
Anconi and Stoia. 
Pet. 55–56 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 181). 
 
Petitioner notes that Anconi teaches triethyl citrate as having 
antibacterial and deodorant properties, and that a POSA would have reason 
to use it instead of baking soda that may cause skin irritation with a 
reasonable expectation of success. Pet. 56–57 (citing Ex. 1057 ¶ 27). 
Petitioner cites Stoia for teaching tocopherols that have antioxidant 
properties are abundant in sunflower seeds and that sunflower seed oil may 
be used as an emollient that a POSA would have been motivated to use for 
its “positive skin effects” with a reasonable expectation of success. Pet. 57–
58 (citing Ex. 1058, 45; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 182–185). 
 
Similar to arguments raised in the Lesniak grounds, Patent Owner 
emphasizes the differences in the composition of Native and Anconi (Native 
is an anhydrous, wax-structured composition with a triglyceride-based 
carrier system, like Lesniak, but Anconi is an aqueous propylene glycol- 
and/or alcohol-based mixture solidified by sodium sterate) to support its 
argument that a POSA would not have reason to reformulate Native with 
teachings from “an entirely different stick technology.” PO Resp. 65. 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
50 
 
Patent Owner also points to alleged instability issues as we addressed for the 
Lesniak grounds. 
 
We rely on our previous analysis for these issues, and determine that a 
POSA would have had reason to use triethyl citrate in lieu of or addition to 
the baking soda of Native, and also would have had reason to add sunflower 
seed oil for its antioxidant properties and positive skin effects. We find that 
these additions to the Native formulation to be merely a combination of 
familiar elements according to known methods that yield predictable results, 
and therefore, would have been obvious. See KSR, 550 U.S. at 416. 
Based on the full record before us, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 16–23 would have 
been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, Anconi, and 
Stoia. 
E. Squatch/Sturgis Ground (Ground 9 – Claims 16–23) 
Petitioner asserts that claims 16–23 of the ’706 Patent would have 
been obvious over Squatch and Sturgis. Pet. 62–70. Petitioner asserts that 
Sturgis is prior art because “claims 16–23 are not entitled to a priority date 
before the December 17, 2020, filing date” of the ’706 patent. Pet. 63. 
Petitioner also asserts that Squatch is a printed publication because it “is a 
website excerpt disclosing known aluminum-free deodorant formulations 
that comprise caprylic-capric triglyceride, arrowroot powder, stearyl alcohol, 
and magnesium hydroxide,” that “published on a well-known website, which 
received over 12.5 million views in November 2020.” Pet. 63. 
We agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner has not shown sufficiently 
that Squatch is a printed publication. As described above, Petitioner relies 
on Squatch as a “website excerpt” placed on its site at the relevant time, but 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
51 
 
has not produced a screen shot of the website to show that it ever existed. 
See Ex. 1059. Petitioner provides internal documents that purport to 
describe what would have been on Dr. Squatch’s website at the relevant 
time, but falls short of establishing what was on the website for the 
interested consumer to view. Thus, we determine that this ground fails. 
III. 
CONCLUSION6 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–8 and 10–23 of the ’706 
patent are unpatentable. 
 
6 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
52 
 
In summary: 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is 
ORDERED that claims 1–8 and 10–23 of the ’706 patent have been 
shown to be unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 5–7, 
10–13, 15 
102/103 Lesniak 
1, 2, 5–7, 10–
13, 15 
 
3, 14 
103 
Lesniak, Phinney 
3, 14 
 
4 
103 
Lesniak, Phinney, 
Lamb 
4 
 
8 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi 
’518 
8 
 
16–23 
103 
Lesniak, Phinney, 
Bianchi ’254, 
Anconi 
16–23 
 
1, 5, 7, 8, 
10–12, 15 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254 
1, 5, 7, 8, 10–
12, 15 
 
2–4, 6, 13, 
14 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254, Easy 
Homemade 
2–4, 6, 13, 14 
 
16–23 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254, Easy 
Homemade, 
Anconi, Soia 
16–23 
 
16–23 
103 
Squatch, Sturgis 
 
16–23 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–8, 10–23 
 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2024-01174 
Patent 11,497,706 B2 
53 
 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Justin Oliver 
Sarah Brooks 
VENABLE LLP 
joliver@venable.com 
ssbrooks@venable.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
David Maiorana 
Marlee Hartenstein 
Jesse Wynn 
JONES DAY 
dmaiorana@jonesday.com 
mhartenstein@jonesday.com 
jwynn@jonesday.com