--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 63 
571-272-7822 
Date: November 4, 2025 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
MERCK SHARP & DOHME LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
 
Before DEBORAH KATZ, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and 
DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
SNEDDEN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
1 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting 
inter partes review of claims 1–4, 6–10, and 12–15 of U.S. Patent No. 
11,325,975 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’975 patent”). Petition (“Pet.”), Paper 1. The 
Johns Hopkins University (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response. 
Preliminary Response (“Prelim. Resp.”), Paper 5. In addition, as authorized 
(Paper 7), Petitioner filed a Preliminary Reply to Patent Owner’s 
Preliminary Response (Paper 8) and Patent Owner filed a Preliminary Sur-
reply (Paper 10). 
We instituted trial on September 23, 2024. Paper 11. During trial, 
Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response to the Petition (Paper 34 
(confidential Paper 31) (“PO Resp.”)), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 52 
(confidential Paper 49) (“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply 
(Paper 56 (confidential Paper 53) (“PO Sur-Reply”)). The parties declined 
to present oral arguments in this proceeding. Paper 57. 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6, and this Final Written 
Decision, issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a), addresses issues and 
arguments raised during the trial. For the reasons discussed below, we 
determine that Petitioner has proven, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that claims 1–4, 6–10, and 12–15 of the ’975 patent are unpatentable. 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC and Merck & Co., 
Inc., as its real parties-in-interest. Pet. 63. Patent Owner identifies The 
Johns Hopkins University as its real party-in-interest. Paper 3, 1 (Mandatory 
Notices) . 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
2 
 
C. Related Matters 
The parties indicate that the ’975 patent is involved in Merck Sharp & 
Dohme LLC v. The Johns Hopkins University, 1:22-cv-03059-JRR (D. Md.), 
filed November 29, 2022. Pet. 63; Paper 3, 1. Petitioner has also filed 
petitions for inter partes review of the following patents asserted against 
Petitioner by Patent Owner: IPR2024-00650 against U.S. Patent No. 
11,634,491; IPR2024-00649 against U.S. Patent No. 11,629,187; IPR2024-
00648 against U.S. Patent No. 11,643,462; IPR2024-00647 against U.S. 
Patent No. 11,649,287; IPR2024-00625 against U.S. Patent No. 11,339,219; 
IPR2024-00623 against U.S. Patent No. 11,325,974; IPR2024-00622 against 
U.S. Patent No. 10,934,356; and IPR2024-00240 against U.S. Patent No. 
11,591,393. Pet. 63; Paper 3, 1. 
D. The ’975 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’975 patent is titled “Checkpoint Blockade and Microsatellite 
Instability.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’975 patent is directed to anti-cancer 
therapies that block immune system checkpoints, including the programmed 
death-1 (“PD-1”) receptor. Id. at Abst. More specifically, the ’975 patent is 
directed to treating cancer patients with high mutational burdens, such as 
those found in microsatellite instable (“MSI”) cancer, with anti-PD-1 
antibodies. Id. at 3:32–45. MSI occurs in tumors with deficiency in DNA 
mismatch repair (“MMR-deficiency”). Id. at 1:26–28. 
The ’975 patent explains that 
[t]he PD-1 receptor-ligand interaction is a major pathway 
hijacked by tumors to suppress immune control. The normal 
function of PD-1, expressed on the cell surface of activated T-
cells under healthy conditions, is to down-modulate unwanted or 
excessive immune responses, including auto-immune reactions. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
3 
 
The ligands for PD-1 (PD-L1 and PD-L2) are constitutively 
expressed or can be induced in various tumors. 
Id. at 1:49–56. According to the ’975 patent, “[h]igh expression of PD-L1 
on tumor cells (and to a lesser extent of PD-L2) has been found to correlate 
with poor prognosis and survival in various cancer types.” Id. at 1:67–2:3. 
However, the specification describes that 
in reports of the effects of PD-1 blockade in human tumors, only 
one of 33 colorectal (CRC) patients responded to this treatment. 
. . . What was different about this single patient? We 
hypothesized that this patient had MMR-deficiency, because 
MMR-deficiency occurs in a small fraction of advanced CRCs, . 
. . somatic mutations found in tumors can be recognized by the 
patient’s own immune system,[] and MMR-deficient cancers 
have 10- to 100-fold more somatic mutations than MMR-
proficient CRC. 
Id. at 2:57–3:1. After confirming that the tumor of the single CRC patient 
who responded to PD-1 blockade was MMR-deficient, the ’975 patent 
describes the evaluation of immune checkpoint blockade in patients whose 
tumors had or did not have MMR-deficiency in a phase 2 clinical trial. Id. at 
3:8–14. The Specification discloses that pembrolizumab is a monoclonal 
anti-PD-1 antibody, attributed to Merck, which was administered to patients 
in this clinical trial. Id. at 8:47–52. According to the ’975 patent, “[t]he data 
from the small phase 2 trial . . . supports the hypothesis that MMR-deficient 
tumors are more responsive to PD-1 blockade than are MMR-proficient 
tumors.” Id. at 6:44–48. 
E. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–4, 6–10, and 12–15. Representative 
independent claim 1 is reproduced below: 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
4 
 
1. A method for treating cancer in a patient in need thereof, 
wherein the patient has been determined to have a tumor that 
exhibits a high microsatellite instability (MSI-high) or a 
mismatch repair (MMR) deficiency status, comprising: 
administering an effective amount of an anti-PD-1 antibody 
to the patient; 
wherein the patient exhibits an outcome that is improved as 
compared to a corresponding outcome that would be 
observed in a reference patient that has been administered 
the anti-PD-I antibody, wherein the reference patient has 
a tumor that does not exhibit a MSI-high or a MMR 
deficiency status; and 
wherein the patient has received a prior cancer therapy drug. 
Ex. 1001, 25:51–66. 
Representative independent claim 9 is reproduced below: 
9. A method for treating cancer in a patient in need thereof, 
wherein the patient has been determined to have a tumor that 
exhibits a high microsatellite instability (MSI-high) or a 
mismatch repair (MMR) deficiency status, the patient 
having received a prior cancer therapy drug to treat the 
tumor, the method comprising: 
administering an effective amount of an anti-PD-1 antibody 
to the patient; 
wherein the patient exhibits an outcome that is improved as 
compared to a corresponding outcome that would be 
observed in a reference patient that has been administered 
the anti-PD-1 antibody, wherein the reference patient has 
a tumor that does not exhibit a MSI-high status or is MMR 
proficient. 
Id. at 26:28–42. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
5 
 
F. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 
Ex. 1005, MSI-H Study Record, ClinicalTrials.gov, 
NCT01876511, “Study of MK-3475 in Patients With 
Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors (Cohorts A, B and C),” 
(June 10, 2013) available at 
https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT01876511?tab=history&a=1 
(“MSI-H Study Record” or “MSR”). 
Ex. 1006, Pernot et al., Colorectal Cancer and Immunity: What 
We Know and Perspectives, 20(14) WORLD J. 
GASTROENTEROLOGY 3738 (April 2014) (“Pernot”). 
Ex. 1007, Chapelle et al., Clinical Relevance of Microsatellite 
Instability in Colorectal Cancer, 28(20) J. CLIN ONCOLOGY 
3320 (2010) (“Chapelle”). 
Ex. 1009, Benson et al., Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: 
Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology, 12(7) J. NAT’L 
COMPREHENSIVE CANCER NETWORK 1028 (July 2014) 
(“Benson”). 
Ex. 1011, Hamid et al., Safety and Tumor Responses with 
Lambrolizumab (Anti-PD-1) in Melanoma, 369(2) NEW ENG. J. 
MEDICINE 134 (July 2013) (“Hamid”). 
Ex. 1034, Brown et al., Neo-Antigens Predicted by Tumor 
Genome Meta-Analysis Correlate with Increased Patient 
Survival, 24(5) GENOME RSCH. 743 (May 2014) (“Brown”). 
Ex. 1087, Duval et al., The mutator pathway is a feature of 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas, 101(14) PROCEEDINGS 
OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES 5002 (2004) 
(“Duval”). 
Petitioner also relies on the Declarations of Alfred I. Neugut, M.D., 
Ph.D., M.P.H. (Ex. 1003) and Paul E. Oberstein, M.D. (Ex. 1150) to support 
its contentions. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
6 
 
Patent Owner relies on the testimony of Nils Lonberg, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2072), Dung Le, M.D. (Ex. 2130), and Richard Goldberg, M.D., 
(Ex. 2090). 
G. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–4, 6–10, and 12–15 would have been 
unpatentable on the following grounds: 
Ground Claim(s) Challenged 35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
I 
1–3, 6–10, 13–15 
102 
MSR 
II 
1–3, 6–10, 13–15 
103 
MSR, Pernot, Benson 
III 
4, 12 
103 
MSR, Pernot, Benson, 
Chapelle 
IV 
1–3, 6–10, 13–15 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson 
V 
4, 12 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Chapelle 
VI 
8 
103 
MSR, Pernot, Benson, 
Chapelle, Hamid 
VII 
8 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Chapelle, Hamid 
 
H. Claim Construction 
The parties do not assert constructions of any terms recited in the 
challenged claims other than that their ordinary and customary meanings 
should apply. Pet. 11–12; PO Resp. 6. 
We determine that no express construction of any claim term is 
necessary to resolve the dispute between the parties. Nidec Motor Corp. v. 
Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) 
(“[W]e need only construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and only to the 
extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. 
Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). We construe 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
7 
 
claims “in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such 
claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution 
history pertaining to the patent.” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020). 
I. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner proposes that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA” 
or “POSITA”) at the time of the invention 
would be a medical doctor or a professional in a related field with 
at least five years of experience with treating cancer. . . . The 
POSA would also have experience in or access to a person with 
knowledge of clinical studies for therapeutics and how they work 
and a pathologist with comparable experience. . . . The inherent 
anticipation and obviousness grounds discussed herein would not 
change due to a modestly lesser or greater level of experience. 
Pet. 12 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 19). To Patent Owner, the ordinarily skilled 
artisan would have had a medical or graduate-level degree, or equivalent 
work experience, in the fields of immunology, genetics, or a related field and 
would have experience (i) conducting immunology research relating to 
oncology, (ii) conducting genetics research relating to oncology, or (iii) 
developing and conducting clinical trials on novel cancer therapies in those 
fields. PO Resp. 6 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 31–32, 86–94). Thus, Petitioner and 
Patent Owner characterize one of ordinary skill in the art differently. 
Petitioner emphasizes medical and treatment aspects in its characterization 
of an ordinarily skilled artisan, whereas Patent Owner emphasizes research 
aspects. 
The ’975 patent claims a method of treating a human patient with 
cancer having certain characteristics using pembrolizumab and the main 
prior art reference cited by Petitioner, MSR, discloses testing 
pembrolizumab to treat human patients. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 25:50–66; 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
8 
 
Ex. 1005. Accordingly, the relevant field of Patent Owner’s claims is 
treating human patients for cancer, as well as testing existing compounds for 
use in treatment modalities. 
In light of the extent of the relevant field, we determine that the level 
of skill in the art relevant to the claims of the ’975 patent is not limited to 
knowledge of and experience with conducting research relating to oncology 
or developing and conducting clinical trials, but includes knowledge of and 
experience with treating cancer patients with immunotherapy compounds, 
identifying the conditions these patients may have, and understanding the 
literature regarding clinical trials for such colorectal cancers and the 
associated conditions and immunotherapy. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
“A person shall be entitled to a patent unless— (1) the claimed 
invention was patented, described in a printed publication, or in public use, 
on sale, or otherwise available to the public before the effective filing date of 
the . . . .” 35 U.S.C. § 102(a). To be anticipated, each and every element of 
the claim must be found, either expressly or inherently described, in a single 
prior art reference. See Atofina v. Great Lakes Chem. Corp., 441 F.3d 991, 
999 (Fed. Cir. 2006). When claim elements are inherently taught, the result 
must be a necessary consequence of what was deliberately intended, but the 
prior art need not demonstrate that the authors appreciated the results. See 
Mehl/Biophile Int’l Corp. v. Milgraum, 192 F.3d 1362, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 
1999); see Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharm., Inc., 339 F.3d 1373, 1377 
(Fed. Cir. 2003) (“At the outset, this court rejects the contention that 
inherent anticipation requires recognition in the prior art.”). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
9 
 
Under 35 U.S.C. § 103, a patent for a claimed invention may not be 
obtained, 
if the differences between the subject matter sought to be 
patented and the prior art are such that the subject matter as a 
whole would have been obvious at the time the invention was 
made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said 
subject matter pertains. 
 
Obviousness is determined by looking to the scope and content of the prior 
art, differences between the prior art and the claims at issue, and the level of 
ordinary skill in the pertinent art resolved. See Graham v. John Deere Co. of 
Kansas City, 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). “[T]he analysis need not seek out 
precise teachings directed to the specific subject matter of the challenged 
claim, for a court can take account of the inferences and creative steps that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would employ.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex 
Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 418 (2007). 
B. Summary of the Cited Prior Art 
1. MSI-H Study Record (Ex. 1005) 
The title of the MSI-H Study Record is “Phase 2 Study of MK-3475 
in Patients With Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors.” Ex. 1005, 1. MK-
3475 is also known as pembrolizumab. See Ex. 1054, 3 (disclosing that 
“Nivolumab . . . and MK-3475 (pembrolizumab formerly lambrolizumab) 
. . . are humanized [monoclonal antibodies] MAb that block the interaction 
between PD-1 and its ligands and demonstrate durable responses in patients 
with advanced melanoma.”); see also Ex. 1069 (titled “ANTITUMOR 
ACTIVITY OF PEMBROLIZUMAB (PEMBRO; MK-3475)”)). 
The MSR includes a “Brief Summary,” explaining that 
[t]his study will be looking at whether MK-3475 (an 
antibody that blocks negative signals to T cells) is effective (anti-

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
10 
 
tumor activity) and safe in three different patient populations. 
These include: 1. patients with MSI positive colon cancer, 2. 
patients with MSI negative colon cancer, and 3. patients with 
other MSI positive cancers. 
 
Ex. 1005, 3. Two of the outcome measures reported in the MSR are 
“Immune-related progression free survival (irPFS) rate in patients with MSI 
positive non-colorectal adenocarcinoma using immune related response 
criteria (irRC) at 20 weeks” and a determination of “[d]oes MSI as a marker 
predict treatment response[?]” Id. at 4–5. The MSR provides “Arms and 
Interventions” as follows: 
 
Id. at 4. The chart above identifies three patient populations and the 
therapeutic intervention to be provided. 
2. Pernot (Ex. 1006) 
Pernot is an article titled “Colorectal Cancer and Immunity: What We 
Know and Perspectives.” Ex. 1006, 3738. Pernot discloses that 
“Comprehension of antitumor immune response and combination of the 
different approaches of immunotherapy may allow the use of effective 
immunotherapy for treatment of colorectal cancer in the near future.” Id. 
More specifically, Pernot discloses that “[m]icrosatellite instability (MSI) is 
associated with CRC in patients with Lynch syndrome.” Id. at 3740. Pernot 
states that “CRC associated with MSI could lead to a more intense immune 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
11 
 
response, but also to specific immunoregulatory phenomena, making them 
good candidates for immunotherapy.” Id. at 3741. 
3. Chapelle (Ex. 1007) 
Chapelle is an article titled “Clinical Relevance of Microsatellite 
Instability in Colorectal Cancer.” Ex. 1007, 3380. Chapelle discloses that 
“Microsatellite instability (MSI) is a clonal change in the number of repeated 
DNA nucleotide units in microsatellites,” which “arises in tumors with 
deficient mismatch repair due to the inactivation of one of the four mismatch 
repair genes: MSH2, MLH1, MSH6, and PMS2.” Id. Chapelle describes the 
testing of tumor tissue from a patient to determine microsatellite instability 
in colorectal cancer. Id. at 3380, 3383. Chapelle also describes 
immunohistochemistry techniques to test for microsatellite instability status. 
Id. at 3380, 3384. 
4. Benson (Ex. 1009) 
Benson is an article titled “Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology.” Ex. 1009, 1028. Benson discloses 
guidelines that “focus[] on the use of systemic therapy in metastatic 
disease.” Id. More specifically, Benson “summarizes the NCCN Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines) for managing 
metastatic CRC, focusing mainly on systemic therapy.” Id. at 1029. Benson 
discloses a patient population whose cancer progressed after two previous 
drug therapies or had metastatic cancer. Id. at 1034. 
5. Hamid (Ex. 1011) 
Hamid is an article titled “Safety and Tumor Responses with 
Lambrolizumab (Anti-PD-1) in Melanoma.” Ex. 1011, 134. Hamid “tested 
the anti–PD-1 antibody lambrolizumab (previously known as MK-3475) in 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
12 
 
patients with advanced melanoma.” Id. Hamid discloses administering 
pembrolizumab intravenously “in patients with advanced melanoma, both 
those who had received prior treatment with the immune checkpoint 
inhibitor ipilimumab and those who had not.” Id. According to Hamid, 
“treatment with lambrolizumab resulted in a high rate of sustained tumor 
regression.” Id. 
6. Brown (Ex. 1034) 
Brown is an article titled “Neo-Antigens Predicted by Tumor Genome 
Meta-Analysis Correlate with Increased Patient Survival.” Ex. 1034, 743. 
Brown discloses that “patients with tumors showing naturally immunogenic 
mutations and associated [tumor infiltrating lymphocytes] are potential 
candidates for treatment with immune modulators such as CTLA4- or 
PDCD1-targeted antibodies,” i.e., PD-1 inhibitors. Id. at 747. More 
specifically, Brown teaches that “tumors bearing predicted immunogenic 
mutations have . . . elevated expression of CTLA4 and PDCD1,” i.e., PD-1, 
“reinforcing the notion that these patients may be optimal candidates for 
immune modulation.” Id. at 747–48. 
7. Duval (Ex. 1087) 
Duval is an article titled “The mutator pathway is a feature of 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas.” Ex. 1087, 5002. Duval describes 
that “[c]ancers with a mutator phenotype constitute a frequent subset of solid 
tumors characterized by mismatch repair deficiency.” Id. Duval discloses 
that “[t]hese tumors exhibit a widespread genetic instability at the molecular 
level that mainly affects microsatellite sequences and are called MSI-H 
(microsatellite instability-high) tumors.” Id. According to Duval, the 
observation that the MSI-H phenotype was specifically associated with 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
13 
 
immunodeficiency-related lymphomas (ID-RL) “suggests the existence of 
the highly immunogenic mutator pathway as a novel oncogenic process in 
lymphomagenesis whose role is favored when host immunosurveillance is 
reduced.” Id. 
C. Ground 1: Anticipation by MSI-H Study Record 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–3, 6–10, and 12–15 are anticipated 
by the MSR. Pet. 18–33. To support its contention, Petitioner directs our 
attention to the foregoing disclosures of the MSR and provides a detailed 
claim analysis addressing how each element of 1–3, 6–10, and 12–15 is 
disclosed by the MSR. Id. Petitioner supports this interpretation of the 
MSR with Dr. Neugut’s testimony. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 34–50. 
Additionally, Petitioner cites the holding in Schering Corp. v. Geneva 
Pharms., 339 F.3d 1373, 1377 (Fed. Cir. 2003), that “a prior art reference 
may anticipate without disclosing a feature of the claimed invention if that 
missing characteristic is necessarily present, or inherent, in the single 
anticipating reference.” Pet. 15–16. Petitioner also cites to In re 
Montgomery, 677 F.3d 1375, 1382 (Fed. Cir. 2012), for its holding that 
“even if [the documents disclosing a planned clinical study] merely 
proposed the administration of [the drug] for treatment or prevention of [the 
recited condition] (without actually doing so), it would still anticipate.” 
Pet. 17. Relying on those cases, Petitioner contends that “the MSI-H Study 
Record inherently anticipates claims 1–3, 6–10, and 13–15 of the ’975 patent 
because the claims are directed to the methods disclosed in the MSI-H Study 
Record.” Pet. 18. 
Petitioner argues further that the treatment described in the MSR is 
written description support for the claimed method because the MSR teaches 
the claimed drug, given at the only therapeutically effective dosage 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
14 
 
described in the ’975 patent, and given to the claimed patient population. Id. 
Petitioner relies on Schering, 339 F.3d at 1379, to argue that “if granting 
patent protection on the disputed claim would allow the patentee to exclude 
the public from practicing the prior art, then that claim is anticipated.” Pet. 
16. 
Independent claims 1 and 9 each require that, prior to receiving 
treatment according to the claimed method, the patient must have received a 
prior cancer therapy drug. Each claim also requires knowledge of the 
outcome of the treatment method so as to assess whether the outcome is 
improved as compared to a reference patient. Claims 1 and 9 differ in the 
reference patient for assessing an improved outcome, where the reference 
patient recited in claim 1 “has a tumor that does not exhibit a MSI-high or a 
MMR deficiency status” and the reference patient recited in claim 9 “has a 
tumor that does not exhibit a MSI-high status or is MMR proficient.” 
Ex. 1001, cl.1, cl.3. Like Petitioner, our analysis focuses on independent 
claim 1. See, e.g., Pet. 31–32 (relying substantially on analysis of claim 1 
for independent claim 9). 
1. Independent Claim 1 
a) Preamble: “A method for treating cancer in a patient in need 
thereof, comprising:” 
To begin, Petitioner cites the teaching in the Arms and Interventions 
section as a method of treating cancer patients, as recited in the preamble of 
claim 1. Pet. 18–19 (citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions); see also 
id. at 2 (Study Identification), 3 (Study Description), 4–5 (Outcome 
Measures), 5–6 (Eligibility), Ex. 1003 ¶ 62). 
Patent Owner does not raise any arguments regarding this limitation, 
and neither party argues that the preamble is limiting. To the extent that the 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
15 
 
preamble is limiting, we agree with Petitioner that the MSR teaches the 
preamble. 
b) Element [1.1]: “wherein the patient has been determined to 
have a tumor that exhibits a high microsatellite instability 
(MSI-high) or a mismatch repair (MMR) deficiency status,” 
Petitioner argues that the MSR teaches this first element of claim 1 
because the MSR discloses three study arms, including one of patients 
having MSI-H colorectal cancer and another of the patients having MSI-H 
non-colorectal cancer. Pet. 19–21 (citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and 
Interventions)). Dr. Neugut’s testimony supports this argument. Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 60–64. In addition, Dr. Neugut testifies that the patients determined to 
have defective MMR (dMMR) status are biologically the same population as 
patients with MSI-H status. Ex. 1003 ¶ 62 (citing Ex. 1020,1 51 (“Patients 
determined to have defective MMR (dMMR) status are biologically the 
same population as those with MSI-H status.”)). 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the MSR teaches selecting a 
patient who has a tumor characterized as MSI-H or MMR deficient. 
The arguments and evidence that Petitioner cites persuade us that the 
MSR teaches this element of claim 1. 
c) Element [1.2]: “administering an effective amount of an anti-
PD-1 antibody to the patient;” 
Petitioner continues the argument that the MSR anticipates claim 1 of 
the ’975 patent, citing the “Arms and Interventions” section of the MSR, 
which teaches treating patients having MSI-H colorectal cancer and MSI-H 
 
1 Ex. 1020, National Comprehensive Cancer Network, NCCN Clinical 
Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines) Colon Cancer Version 
3.2014 (January 27, 2014). 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
16 
 
non-colorectal cancer with 10 mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days. 
Pet. 21 (citing Ex. 1005, 4.) Petitioner cites Dr. Neugut’s testimony that this 
teaching reads on the claim limitation “administering an effective amount of 
pembrolizumab to the patient,” in claim 1, because the dose taught in the 
MSR is identical to the dose described as being effective in the ’975 patent. 
Id. at 21–22 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 40–41, 67); Ex. 1001, 4:14–27, 8:44–50, 
13:18–24, 16:1–8, 16:65–17:7, 19:40–21:18, Figs. 2, 11. Petitioner argues 
further that any efficacy required in the claim is inherent to that dosage 
because the ’975 patent shows that dosage to be effective. Id. 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the MSR discloses an amount of 
pembrolizumab that is effective at achieving the therapeutic results (an 
improved outcome in a selected patient compared to a reference patient), as 
required in the ’975 patent. 
d) Element [1.3]: “wherein the patient exhibits an outcome that is 
improved as compared to a corresponding outcome that would 
be observed in a reference patient that has been administered 
the anti-PD-1 antibody, wherein the reference patient has a 
tumor that does not exhibit a MSI-high status or is MMR 
proficient.” 
Petitioner argues that the next limitation of claim 1 of the ’975 patent 
is an inherent result of the method of treatment reported in the MSR. Pet. 
23–24 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 65–72). Petitioner argues that the MSR teaches 
actively measuring specific outcomes in patients having MSI-H cancer and 
cancer that is not MSI-H. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 71). In support, Dr. Neugut 
testifies that the examples, tables, and figures of the ’975 patent discuss the 
design and results of the MSI-H Study, as explained in the affidavit by the 
inventors on February 4, 2022. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 40–41, 67–68 (citing Ex. 1001, 
6:44–18:55, 3:12–14, Figs. 1–13; Ex. 1005). 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
17 
 
An affidavit executed by Andrew Pardoll, M.D., an inventor named 
on the ’975 patent, supports Dr. Neugut’s testimony and explains that 
22. Our research group eventually approached Merck. Merck 
agreed in early 2013 to supply its then-unapproved anti-PD-1 
antibody, MK-3475 (pembrolizumab) for use in the study. 
It was, however, the research team at Hopkins who secured IRB 
approval, conducted, and paid for the study. On June 12, 2013, 
the solicitation for patients was first posted on clinicaltrials.gov 
(Exhibit D). In my mind, the four arms allowed us to try to get 
at an answer to a question to which we did not know the 
answer-specifically whether or not patients with MSI-high or 
MMR deficient tumors would exhibit an improved response 
when treated with MK-3475, compared with the more common 
MSS [microsatellite stable] or MMR proficient colon cancers. 
Thus, the trial covered all patients with colon cancer, MSI and 
MSS, but separated into two groups. 
 
23. The preliminary results of this study demonstrated clinical 
responses at an unexpectedly high rate (>50% objective 
response rate) in the MSI-high (MMR deficient) arm but not in 
the MSS (MMR proficient) arm. 
 
Ex. 1022 (Part 9), 2490–2491. That affidavit, submitted during prosecution 
of the ’975 patent, supports the argument that an improved outcome of 
treating a patient with a tumor exhibiting an MSI-high or an MMR 
deficiency status with pembrolizumab compared to similarly treating a 
patient without an MSI-high or an MMR deficiency status, as recited in 
claim 1, is an inherent result because the treatment would necessarily 
provide the result. Compare id., with Ex. 1001, 6:44–48 (“The data from the 
small phase 2 trial of pembrolizumab to treat tumors with and without 
deficiency of MMR supports the hypothesis that MMR-deficient tumors are 
more responsive to PD-1 blockade than are MMR-proficient tumors.”). 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
18 
 
Petitioner argues that “[a]nticipation does not require the actual 
creation or reduction to practice of the prior art subject matter; anticipation 
requires only an enabling disclosure. Thus, actual administration of 
[pembrolizumab] to patients before the critical date of the [’975 patent] is 
irrelevant.” Pet. 24 (citing Schering, 339 F.3d at 1380). 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not disclose outcomes of the 
study and, therefore, does not teach that a patient administered 
pembrolizumab and having a tumor with MSI-H or dMMR status would 
exhibit an improved outcome compared to a reference patient administered 
pembrolizumab and not having a tumor with MSI-H or dMMR, as required 
in claim 1. PO Resp. 10–15. Patent Owner argues that In re Montgomery, 
677 F.3d 1375, 1381, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2012), cited by Petitioner, fails to 
support the assertion of inherent anticipation of the claimed method. PO 
Resp. 11–15; Pet. 17 (“In In re Montgomery, the Federal Circuit held that a 
document disclosing a planned clinical study inherently anticipated method 
of treatment claims even where the method of treatment had not yet been 
practiced.”). Patent Owner attempts to distinguish the facts of Montgomery 
from the facts at issue here by arguing that in Montgomery the disclosure of 
the prior art was identical to the patent itself, whereas here the MSR does not 
disclose treating a cancer patient with pembrolizumab when “the patient has 
received a prior cancer therapy drug” or “the tumor having progressed 
following a [cancer therapy/prior treatment].” PO Resp. 11–12; PO Sur-
Reply 2. We are unpersuaded. Rather, we are persuaded by the statements 
in contemporaneous references citing the MSR that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have understood the study to involve patients with 
unresectable or metastatic MSI-H cancer. Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050 S4. 
Accordingly, we are not persuaded that the facts here differ from those in 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
19 
 
Montgomery as much as Patent Owner argues, wherein both prior art 
references teach the steps recited in the challenged claims. See Montgomery, 
677 F.3d at 1380 (“We see no error in the Board’s uncontested conclusion 
that HOPE discloses the administration of ramipril to patients diagnosed as 
in need of stroke treatment or prevention.”). 
Patent Owner argues further that because the MSR is only an initial 
submission for an experimental trial that had not yet begun recruiting 
patients or obtaining experimental data, it was merely an “invitation to 
investigate” from which the results recited in claim 1 would not “inevitably 
flow.” PO Resp. 12; PO Sur-Reply 2–3. Patent Owner argues that the 
inventors knew that other checkpoint inhibitor drugs used to treat colorectal 
cancer patients were “resoundingly unsuccessful,” and that treatment of 
other types of cancer “beyond the initial success in melanoma and non-small 
cell lung cancer had failed.” PO Resp. 13 (citing Ex. 2090 ¶ 57). According 
to Patent Owner, “the MSR was a far cry from meeting Montgomery’s 
inevitability requirement for inherent anticipation” and that, in contrast to 
Montgomery, the MSR only describes a study to test the hypothesis that 
MSI-H might correlate with a response to treatment with pembrolizumab, 
rather than to secure regulatory approval. PO Resp. 13–15; Ex. 2072 ¶ 109; 
Ex. 2130 ¶¶ 10–13. 
We do not doubt that the inventors were unaware of the results of the 
study described in the MSR before it was concluded. But knowledge of the 
results is not a component of the analysis of anticipation. See Bristol-Myers 
Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs, Inc., 246 F.3d 1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2001) 
(“[T]he claimed process here is not directed to a new use; it is the same use, 
and it consists of the same steps as described by [the prior art]. Newly 
discovered results of known processes directed to the same purpose are not 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
20 
 
patentable because such results are inherent.”). After analysis of the full 
record, we are persuaded that the results recited in claim 1 would follow 
from the steps taught in the MSR, for the reasons and based on the evidence 
Petitioner cites above. For these same reasons, we are unpersuaded by 
Patent Owner’s argument that it was unknown whether the amount of 
pembrolizumab recited in claim 1 would be effective in producing an 
improved outcome compared to a reference patient without a tumor that was 
not MSI-H or dMMR, and Patent Owner does not dispute that the amount of 
pembrolizumab disclosed in the MSR (10 mg/kg every 14 days; see 
Ex. 1005, 4) is the same as the amount provided in the ’975 patent as being 
effective (10 mg/kg every 14 days; Ex. 1001, 8:48–52, 13:50–52). 
Regardless of the inventors’ intent in publishing the MSR as a Stage II 
clinical trial on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website, as discussed above, we 
determine that the MSR teaches selecting a patient with a metastatic MSI-H 
or dMMR tumor and administering an amount of pembrolizumab that would 
be effective. See, e.g., Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions). The result of 
drug treatment inherently follows its administration. The MSR does not 
merely suggest that pembrolizumab may be useful in some unidentified 
subset of patients or suggest that some unidentified drug may be useful for 
MSI-H cancer patients. Instead, the MSR discloses selecting a patient with a 
condition recited in claim 1 and treating with the drug at the amount recited 
in claim 1. Contra Metabolite Labs. Inc. v. Lab. Corp. of Am. Holdings, 370 
F.3d 1354, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (holding that the prior art did not 
inherently anticipate where it failed to mention specific vitamin deficiencies, 
instead merely inviting further experimentation to find associations with 
metabolic perturbations). 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
21 
 
Montgomery states that “even if the claim includes an efficacy 
requirement, efficacy is inherent in carrying out the claim steps,” referring to 
a claimed method of treating or preventing stroke, which was held to be 
anticipated by the publication of a proposed study. 677 F.3d at 1381. Patent 
Owner attempts to distinguish the size and apparent surety of the study in 
Montgomery from the MSR. PO Resp. 15. But because we find that the 
MSR teaches performing the steps recited in claim 1 for the purpose of 
determining and treating MSI-H cancer, we are persuaded that the MSR 
inherently discloses the results of selection of patients and administration of 
the drug treatment recited in those steps. See Bristol-Myers, 246 F.3d at 
1376. Whether or not the MSR could have provided results or was sufficient 
for full regulatory approval does not change that the MSR teaches Patent 
Owner’s claimed steps. We have no reason to doubt that the disclosure in 
the MSR of the steps recited in claim 1 produces the efficacy element 
required in claim 1, whether or not this efficacy was disclosed in the MSR or 
was known when it was published. See Mehl/Biophile, 192 F.3d at 1366 
(“Where, as here, the result is a necessary consequence of what was 
deliberately intended, it is of no import that the article’s authors did not 
appreciate the results.”). 
Patent Owner argues that Merck’s interpretation of inherency law 
cannot be correct because it would effectively preclude the patenting of 
unexpectedly effective methods of treating human patients. PO Resp. 15–
17; PO Sur-Reply 4–5. Patent Owner asserts that if its inventors had filed a 
“data-less provisional application mirroring the MSR” before the MSR was 
published, it would have been unable to satisfy the requirements of § 101 
and § 112, creating a “catch-22 scenario” wherein Patent Owner would not 
have been able to secure patent protection. PO Resp. 16–17. Patent Owner 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
22 
 
cites Barry v. Medtronic, Inc., 914 F.3d 1310, 1322 (Fed. Cir. 2019), Ariad 
Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2010), and 
In re Fisher, 421 F.3d 1365, 1371 (Fed. Cir. 2005), in support, asserting that 
these cases hold that a specification cannot provide merely prophetic 
examples, that it must demonstrate possession by the inventors, and that it 
must convey that the claimed invention benefits the public. PO Resp. 16. 
Petitioner disagrees, arguing that “[i]t is well established . . . that there 
is no requirement to provide evidence from human clinical trials for claims 
to be patentable under §101 or §112.” Pet. Reply 9–10 (citing In re ’318 
Patent Infringement Litig., 583 F.3d 1317, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (“[H]uman 
trials are not required for a therapeutic invention to be patentable”); Ex parte 
Balzarini, 21 USPQ2d 1892 (BPAI 1991) (holding that even in situations 
where no art-recognized animal models exist, there is no decisional law that 
requires an applicant to provide data from human clinical trials)). Petitioner 
argues that “[a]nticipation does not require the actual creation or reduction to 
practice of the prior art subject matter; anticipation requires only an enabling 
disclosure.” Pet. 16–17 (citing Schering, 339 F.3d at 1380). According to 
Petitioner, actual administration of pembrolizumab to patients before the 
critical date of the ’975 patent is irrelevant. Id. 
Patent Owner does not direct us to evidence that it attempted to file 
any patent application before the publication date of the MSR and was 
denied an earlier filing date. Contrary to Patent Owner’s argument that it 
could not file a patent application without results from the MSR, we note 
that the inventors filed a provisional patent application on November 13, 
2014, which, although also filed more than a year after the publication of the 
MSR, disclosed no clinical results or data. Ex. 1001, cover; Ex. 1030, 1. 
After considering the parties’ arguments, we are not persuaded by Patent 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
23 
 
Owner’s assertion that the inventors could not have filed an earlier 
application to at least attempt to secure a priority date before the MSR was 
publicly available. We are not persuaded that the law prevented Patent 
Owner from obtaining an earlier filing date. Instead, we are persuaded by 
Petitioner’s argument that because the MSR was published before the 
inventors filed an application to protect their patent rights, the MSR is prior 
art for the information it discloses, including the steps recited in claim 1 and 
any results that would inherently result from these steps. 
Patent Owner argues further that the MSR discloses an experimental 
use that does not qualify as prior art. PO Resp. 18–25. Patent Owner argues 
that an inventor can be granted latitude to experiment in the public eye until 
her invention is ready for patenting. Id. at 18 (citing Pfaff v. Wells Elecs., 
Inc., 525 U.S. 55, 64 (1998). According to Patent Owner, the experimental 
use negation applies to the MSR under a 13-factor analysis provided in Allen 
Engineering Corp. v. Bartell Industries, Inc., 299 F.3d 1336, 1353 (Fed. Cir. 
2002). PO Resp. 19–25. For example, Patent Owner argues that to establish 
that treatment of MSI-H cancers was effective, the inventors had to test 
treatment in humans, there being no animal models, and had to publish the 
MSR on the government website under federal law. Id. at 20–22. Patent 
Owner argues further that the inventors had control over the MSI-H clinical 
study and that the field of cancer treatment was highly unpredictable, among 
other facts. Id. at 21. Patent Owner argues that “[a]t the time of the MSR’s 
posting, the claimed invention was not, nor could it have been, ready for 
patenting. The clinical study that ultimately collected the data reported in 
the patent specification and supporting the patent claims had not and could 
not have commenced before the MSR was posted.” Id. at 23. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
24 
 
In City of Elizabeth, the Supreme Court was concerned that “[i]t is 
sometimes said that an inventor acquires an undue advantage over the public 
by delaying to take out a patent, inasmuch as he thereby preserves the 
monopoly to himself for a longer period than is allowed by the policy of the 
law,” but held that “when the delay is occasioned by a bona fide effort to 
bring his invention to perfection, or to ascertain whether it will answer the 
purpose intended,” the experiment use exception can preserve the inventor’s 
rights. City of Elizabeth v. Am. Nicholson Pavement Co., 97 U.S. 126, 137 
(1877). Because we are not persuaded that Patent Owner could not have 
filed an earlier application, we are not persuaded that the experimental use 
doctrine is properly applied in this case. Given that clinical trial protocols 
published on the ClinicalTrials.gov website have been successfully asserted 
as prior art in other cases, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s 
arguments that the MSR is not available as prior art against the challenged 
claims. See, e.g., Salix Pharms., Ltd. v. Norwich Pharms. Inc., 98 F.4th 
1056, 1061 (Fed. Cir.), cert. denied, 145 S. Ct. 567 (2024), and cert. denied, 
145 S. Ct. 983 (2024). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and evidence, we are 
persuaded that the MSR teaches the efficacy requirement of claim 1, 
wherein a patient with an unresectable or metastatic MSI-H tumor and 
administered an effective amount of pembrolizumab would have an 
improved outcome over a reference patient that had been also administered 
pembrolizumab, but whose tumor does not exhibit an MSI-H status. 
e) Element [1.4]: “wherein the patient has received a prior 
cancer therapy drug.” 
Petitioner argues that the final limitation of claim 1, “wherein the 
patient has received a prior cancer therapy drug,” is disclosed by the MSR. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
25 
 
Pet. 24–27. Petitioner asserts that the MSR discloses treating patients with 
“tumors” and “measurable disease,” and that “patients with MSI-H 
colorectal cancer and non-colorectal cancer,” while excluding “[p]atients 
who have had prior treatment with anti PD-1.” Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 1005, 5–
6). Petitioner thus asserts that “these disclosures demonstrate that patients 
would have received a prior cancer therapy drug.” Id. at 25 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 73–78). 
Petitioner asserts that “the prior art taught that patients having 
‘measurable’ colorectal cancer in the context of the MSR refers to patients 
having metastatic and advanced cancer.” Id. (citing Ex. 1020, 25; Ex. 1003 
¶ 76). Petitioner argues that “[i]f a patient had colorectal cancer that is 
curable by resection, then a practitioner would excise the tumor because 
surgery ‘is the only way to achieve a cure.’” Id. (citing Ex. 1020, 7; Ex. 
1048, 230; Ex. 1047, 4–7; Ex. 1003 ¶ 74). Petitioner therefore argues that 
“‘measurable’ disease in the context of a clinical study does not include 
cancer that is resectable for the purposes of a cure.” Id. at 25. 
Petitioner argues that “[p]atients having metastatic and advanced 
colorectal cancer that would participate in a clinical study, like the MSI-H 
Study, would have generally received at least two other prior drug therapies, 
such as standard of care chemotherapy, and had their cancers progress after 
those drug therapies.” Id. at 26. To that point, Dr. Neugut testifies that 
patients with metastatic and advanced endometrial, small bowel, and gastric 
cancer “would have generally received at least two other prior drug 
therapies, such as standard of care chemotherapy, and had their cancers 
progress after those drug therapies.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 75 (citing Ex. 1020, 25; 
Ex. 1009, 1034; Ex. 1047, 4–7). Dr. Neugut observes that the Eligibility 
section of the MSR takes care to exclude patients having had prior treatment 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
26 
 
with certain other antibodies. Id. ¶ 76 (“[T]he person of ordinary skill would 
have understood that the MSR recognizes that patients would have received 
prior cancer drug therapies, and because of that makes it a point to exclude 
those that received ‘anti PD-1, anti-PD-L1, anti-PD-L2, anti-CD137, anti-
OX-40, anti-CD40, or anti CTLA-4 antibodies.’”). Dr. Neugut interprets 
this exclusion as supporting his opinion that such patients would have 
received a prior cancer therapy drug to treat their tumor because otherwise, 
the study would not have purposefully excluded these antibodies, and 
because if the prior therapies had worked, these patients would not have 
participated in the MSR. Id. Dr. Neugut cites to a poster presentation 
describing the MSR as requiring that patients have “progressive disease” and 
have had prior therapies. Id. ¶ 78. 
Dr. Oberstein testifies that he agrees with Dr. Neugut. Ex. 1150 
¶¶ 64–67. Dr. Oberstein testifies that because the eligibility criteria stated in 
the MSR requires patients to have “measurable disease,” one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have expected a patient to have undergone prior cancer 
therapies and would have had their cancer progress after those therapies 
prior to enrollment. Id. ¶ 64. Dr. Oberstein testifies that it is reasonable to 
assume that patients would typically have received the two standard 
chemotherapy regimens before trying a novel therapeutic agent. Id. ¶ 65. 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR is silent about whether eligible 
patients must have had prior, failed treatment and that Petitioner’s 
“assertions that a patient ‘generally’ . . . would have received a prior 
treatment is not enough to meet the high burden for an inherency finding.” 
PO Resp. 7–8. 
Patent Owner cites Dr. Lonberg’s testimony that the MSR “says 
nothing about cancer progression.” Ex. 2072 ¶ 96; PO Resp. 9. Dr. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
27 
 
Lonberg disagrees with Dr. Neugut’s interpretation of the term “measurable 
disease” in the MSR. Ex. 2072 ¶ 96 (“While measurable cancer refers to a 
cancer that has a minimum size (e.g., as determined by imaging), this has 
little to do with whether or not a patient’s cancer has progressed after the 
patient received prior therapies.”). But Dr. Lonberg fails to testify that one 
of ordinary skill in the art would not have understood the MSR in 2013 to 
teach treating patients who had received prior/different cancer therapies, 
wherein the patients’ cancer had progressed after the patients received the 
prior/different cancer therapies. 
On the balance, we find Petitioner’s evidence more persuasive of what 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from the MSR. We 
find Dr. Neugut’s and Dr. Oberstein’s testimony, and Dr. Lonberg’s lack of 
clear testimony to the contrary, persuasive as to this issue. 
In light of the cited testimony, we are persuaded that Petitioner has 
met its burden of proving whether a skilled artisan would reasonably 
understand or infer that the limitation for a solid tumor that has progressed 
following at least one prior cancer treatment was disclosed in the MSR. 
Petitioner demonstrates what one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood from the MSR, not what it inherently discloses. Contra PO 
Resp. 6–9. 
2. Independent Claim 9 
Patent Owner does not present separate arguments against Petitioner’s 
challenge to claim 9 as being anticipated by the MSR. See, e.g., PO Resp. 
10–17 (referring to claims 1 and 9 together). For the reasons discussed 
above regarding claim 1, we are persuaded that claim 9 is anticipated by the 
MSR. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
28 
 
3. Dependent Claims 2 and 15 
Claims 2 and 15 depend from claims 1 and 9, respectively, and further 
recite, “wherein the cancer in the patient has progressed after the patient 
received the prior cancer therapy drug.” Patent Owner contends that the 
MSR “is silent on whether eligible patients must have had a prior treatment 
and have progressed after receiving that prior treatment.” PO Resp. 7 (citing 
Ex. 1005, 5–6). Petitioner argues that the additional limitations of claims 2 
and 15 are anticipated by the MSR and “addressed in, and disclosed for the 
reasons provided in the discussion of, limitation [1.4].” Pet. 28–29, 33 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 79). We agree and rely on our analysis set forth above. 
4. Dependent Claims 6, 7, 13, and 14 
Petitioner argues that claims 6, 7, 13, and 14 are anticipated by the 
MSR. Pet. 30–31, 33. Claims 6 and 7 require that the cancer recited in 
claim 1 be metastatic cancer or metastatic colorectal cancer, respectively. 
Claims 13 and 14 require that the cancer recited in claim 9 be metastatic 
cancer or metastatic colorectal cancer, respectively. Petitioner argues that 
the MSR discloses a clinical study treating colorectal cancer patients with 
“measurable disease.” Id. at 24, 30 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 82–83). Petitioner 
relies on Dr. Neugut’s testimony that in the context of the MSR, the treated 
patients would have had metastatic cancer. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 82–83 (citing 
Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050, S4). 
Dr. Neugut further testifies that “measurable” disease in the context of 
a clinical study for a new drug refers to patients having metastatic and 
advanced cancer. Ex. 1003 ¶ 74. According to Dr. Neugut, one of ordinary 
skill would therefore have understand that the MSR teaches treating patients 
with metastatic cancer and locally advanced cancer that is unresectable for 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
29 
 
purpose of a cure. Id. Dr. Neugut testifies that not including metastatic 
patients in such a study would have been highly unusual because the drug 
treatment would not be a local cure, whereas radiation or surgery could be. 
Id. 
Petitioner argues further that other prior art references citing the MSR 
demonstrate that physicians understood the MSR to be for patients with 
metastatic tumors. Pet. 30 (citing Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050, S4). 
Specifically, one 2015 publication refers to the clinical trial number of the 
MSR and states: “pembrolizumab is being tested in metastatic tumors with 
microsatellite instability, including colorectal cancer (NCT01876511).” 
Ex. 1049, 444. Another 2015 publication, entitled “Novel Therapies in 
Development for Metastatic Colorectal Cancer,” refers to the MSR 
(“NCT01876511”) as a “Phase II clinical trials in development investigating 
immunotherapy in MSI-H mCRC,” wherein “mCRC” is defined as 
metastatic colorectal cancer. Ex. 1050, S2, S4. 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not disclose treatment of 
metastatic colorectal cancer and that the disclosure of “measurable disease” 
is not a teaching of metastatic colorectal cancer because “measurable 
disease” is not synonymous with metastatic cancer. PO Resp. 17–18. In 
support, Patent Owner cites to Dr. Neugut’s testimony that “metastatic” and 
“measurable” are “totally different terms,” wherein metastatic tumors are not 
necessarily measurable. PO Resp. 18 (citing Ex. 2163:14:9–15:12). 
Even if Dr. Neugut’s reasoning that the reference to “measurable” 
disease in the MSR would have indicated patients having metastatic cancer 
is flawed, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence of publications 
referring to the MSR as a study of metastatic colorectal cancer that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood the MSR to disclose treating 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
30 
 
patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. See Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050, S4. 
Patent Owner does not address this evidence. 
In view of the above, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence that 
claims 6, 7, 13, and 14 are anticipated by the MSR. 
5. Dependent Claims 3, 8, and 10 
Petitioner argues that claims 3, 8, and 10 are anticipated by the MSR. 
Pet. 29–31, 33. Patent Owner presents the arguments discussed above 
regarding the limitations of independent claims 1 and 9, but does not present 
arguments or direct us to evidence that are specific to the limitations of 
dependent claims 3, 8, and 10. As summarized below, we find that the 
record supports Petitioner’s arguments. 
a) Claims 3 and 10 
Petitioner argues that claims 3 and 10 are anticipated by the MSR. 
Pet. 29–30, 33. Patent Owner presents the arguments discussed above 
regarding the limitations of claim 1, but does not present arguments or direct 
us to evidence against these challenges that are specific to the limitations of 
dependent claims 3 and 10. 
Claims 3 and 10 depend from claims 1 and 9, respectively, and further 
recite, “wherein the outcome that is improved is an improved objective 
response rate (ORR), an improved progression-free survival (PFS), or an 
improved overall survival.” Claims 3 and 10 therefore further limit the 
outcome exhibited by the patients selected and administered pembrolizumab, 
as recited in claims 1 and 9. Petitioner argues that these outcomes are 
inherent to the methods taught in the MSR. Pet. 29–30, 33 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 80–81, 91). 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
31 
 
We agree with Petitioner because, as discussed above, we are 
persuaded that the steps recited in claims 1 and 9 are taught by the MSR and 
the efficacy of those steps would be inherent to practicing the method recited 
in the steps. See Montgomery, 677 F.3d at 1385; Schering Corp., 339 F.3d 
at 1377. 
b) Claim 8 
Claim 8 recites “The method of claim 1, wherein the anti-PD-1 
antibody is administered by intravenous infusion.” 
Petitioner argues that claim 8 is also anticipated by the MSR. Pet. 31. 
Petitioner argues that the prior art, including the pembrolizumab package 
insert, demonstrates that pembrolizumab was administered intravenously for 
the treatment of cancer. Id. (citing Ex. 1055,2 1 (“Administer 2 mg/kg as an 
intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every 3 weeks.”); Ex. 1011, 134 (“We 
administered [pembrolizumab] intravenously.”)); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 84–85. Patent 
Owner does not argue to the contrary. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence that claim 8 is 
anticipated by the MSR. 
6. Summary 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the MSR teaches each and every element of claims 1–3, 6–10, and 12–
15. Accordingly, we determine that claims 1–3, 6–10, and 12–15 are 
anticipated by the MSR. 
 
2 Ex. 1055, Keytruda Package Insert (September 4, 2014), available at 
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/ drugsatfda_docs/label/2014/125514 
lbl.pdf. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
32 
 
D. Grounds 2 and 4 – Obviousness of Claims 1–3, 6–10, and 13–15 
In Ground 2, Petitioner contends that claims 1–3, 6–10, and 13–15 are 
unpatentable as obvious over the combination of the MSI-H Study Record, 
Pernot, and Benson. Pet. 37–45. In Ground 4, Petitioner challenges the 
patentability of claims 1–3, 6–10, and 13–15, citing MSR, Brown, Duval, 
and Benson. Pet. 49–57. Patent Owner opposes Petitioner’s allegations in 
Grounds 2 and 4. PO Resp. 25–50. We address the parties’ arguments and 
evidence with regards to Grounds 2 and 4 below. 
1. Petitioner’s Contentions 
a) Ground 2 
Petitioner asserts that these references disclose elements that Patent 
Owner might argue are not taught in the MSR, specifically the improved 
outcome and efficacy recited in claim 1, testing for MSI-H or dMMR 
tumors, and treating patients that have progressive or metastatic disease. Id. 
at 38–41 (citing December 14, 2020, Notice of Allowance in the ’549 appl., 
Ex. 1002 (Part 9), 3069). 
Petitioner argues that Pernot teaches treating colorectal cancer and 
that, therefore, because the MSR is directed to a clinical study treating 
colorectal cancer patient whose cancers are MSI-H with pembrolizumab, 
which is an anti-PD-1 antibody, one of ordinary skill in the art knowing the 
teachings of the MSR would have considered the teachings of Pernot. Pet. 
39. Petitioner argues that Pernot teaches that colorectal cancer patients that 
are MSI-H are “good candidates for immunotherapy,” such as PD-1 
inhibitors. Id. (quoting Ex. 1006, 3741 (“[Colorectal cancer] associated with 
MSI could lead to a more intense immune response, but also to specific 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
33 
 
immunoregulatory phenomena, making them good candidates for 
immunotherapy.”)). 
Petitioner cites further to Dr. Neugut’s testimony to argue that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to combine the 
disclosure of Pernot with the methods taught in the MSR in order to obtain 
the results of the MSR’s study. Pet. 42 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 101). 
Additionally, Petitioner argues that the state of the art indicates one of 
ordinary skill would have had a reasonable expectation of success in the 
claimed method because successful treatment with a PD-1 inhibitor of a 
colorectal cancer patient having an MSI-H tumor was reported in the prior 
art. Id. at 39–40. Petitioner cites to other references, for example 
Champiat,3 which teaches: 
Moreover, if high levels of mutational heterogeneity increase 
the tumor immunogenicity, it will be interesting to evaluate the 
clinical activity of PD-1/PD-L1 agents in DNA mismatch repair 
(MM)- deficient tumors, such as microsatellite instability 
(MSI)+ colorectal carcinoma as well as BRCA1 and 2 
neoplasms (breast cancer 1 and 2, early onset), all of which 
display severe genomic instability. 
 
Ex. 1032, e27817-5. Dr. Neugut testifies that Champiat, as well as other 
references, “independently urged the person of ordinary skill to treat MSI-H 
cancer with PD-1 inhibitors, like pembrolizumab, or other immunotherapy.” 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 103. Citing to Dr. Neugut’s testimony, Petitioner argues further 
that the prior art demonstrates the characteristics of cells that would have 
more efficacy with PD-1 inhibitors were known and that it was known that 
 
3 Ex. 1032, Champiat et al., Exomics and Immunogenics Bridging 
Mutational Load and Immune Checkpoints Efficacy, 3(1) 
ONCOIMMUNOLOGY e27817-1 (Jan. 2014). 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
34 
 
MSI-H tumors had these characteristics. Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 43, 45, 
104). 
In light of this evidence of the state of the art at that time, Dr. Neugut 
testifies that one of ordinary skill in the art would have wanted to obtain data 
from the MSR and would have reasonably expected success, given that 
pembrolizumab was already approved for another oncology indication. Ex. 
1003 ¶¶ 102–105; Pet. 40–41. Dr. Neugut concludes that 
“[a]s a result of carrying out the methods in the MSR of treating MSI-H 
colorectal patients with pembrolizumab at the dosage that was applied in the 
clinical study, the person of ordinary skill would have seen the results that 
naturally flow from those methods.” Ex. 1003 ¶ 105. 
Petitioner also argues that the MSR would have motivated one of 
ordinary skill in the art to test patients’ tumors for MSI-H because the MSR 
requires patients to be placed into the proper study arm. Pet. 41–42 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 106 (“Testing was the way in which it was possible for the 
person of ordinary skill [to] determine if the patient had the MSI-H 
colorectal cancer required for placement in that arm.”)). 
Petitioner argues further that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have considered it obvious that the MSR discloses treating patients with 
metastatic or unresectable cancer in light of the teachings of Benson. Pet. 
42–45. Petitioner argues that Benson is directed to ways in which clinical 
studies involving colorectal cancer are conducted, which is in the same field 
as the MSR. Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 107). Benson teaches that under the 
standard of care, the patient population with tumors and measurable disease 
that would take part in a clinical study are patients having metastatic and 
advanced disease. Ex. 1009, 1034; Ex. 1003 ¶ 108. Dr. Neugut testifies 
further that the term “advanced cancer” refers to metastatic cancer or cancer 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
35 
 
that is so locally advanced that it is unresectable for purposes of a cure and 
he concludes that a person of ordinary skill would have been motivated to 
carry out that method of the MSR on colorectal cancer that was metastatic, 
with a reasonable expectation of success. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 108–109. 
b) Ground 4 
In Ground 4, Petitioner relies on Brown for its teaching that PD-1 
inhibitors inherently had more efficacy when treating tumors comprised of 
cells that are easy for immune cells to recognize. Pet. 51 (citing Ex. 1034, 
747). Petitioner relies on Duval for its teaching that MSI-H cancers have 
cells that are easy for immune cells to recognize. Id. (citing Ex. 1087, 
5002). Dr. Neugut’s testimony supports Petitioner’s argument that Brown 
and Duval would have motivated a person of ordinary skill in the art to 
obtain the results of the MSR. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 121–31. 
2. Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not anticipate the challenged 
claims and that neither none of Pernot, Benson, Brown, Duval supplies 
limitations that Patent Owner asserts are “missing” from the MSR. PO 
Resp. 25–26. In particular, Patent Owner argues that none of the cited 
references teach the “prior cancer therapy”/“progressed following a [cancer 
therapy/prior treatment]” element required by the independent claims or 
“metastatic” element of dependent claims 6–7 and 13–14, and that, thus, 
Petitioner’s “obviousness challenges necessarily fail.” Id. at 25. For 
example, Patent Owner further contends that Benson “did not require prior 
treatment, progression on a prior therapy, or metastatic disease before a 
patient is enrolled in clinical trials.” Id. at 26. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
36 
 
3. Discussion 
Because “anticipation is the epitome of obviousness,” we are 
persuaded that the claims Petitioner challenges as being anticipated by the 
MSR would have been obvious over the MSR and other references, for the 
reasons discussed above. In re McDaniel, 293 F.3d 1379, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 
2002). Accordingly, the preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s 
challenges of claims 1–3, 6–10, and 13–15 as being obvious over the MSR 
alone. 
Patent Owner also presents objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that it asserts demonstrates the patentability of the claimed methods. PO 
Resp. 51–86. The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, skepticism, 
long-felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of the claimed 
methods. Id. Because we determine, as discussed above, that the method 
recited in claims 1–3, 6–10, and 13–15 is anticipated by the MSR, Patent 
Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive as to the 
patentability of claims 1–3, 6–10, and 13–15. See Cohesive Tech., Inc. v. 
Waters Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (“[S]econdary 
considerations are not an element of a claim of anticipation.”). 
Accordingly, the preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s 
challenges of claims 1–3, 6–10, and 13–15 as being obvious over the MSR 
alone or along with other references cited in Ground 2 and/or Ground 4. 
E. Grounds 3 and 5: Obviousness Based on the MSI-H Study Record, 
Pernot, Brown, Duval, Benson, and Chapelle 
In Grounds 3 and 5, Petitioner builds upon its assertions presented in 
Grounds 2 and 4 and further relies on Chappelle to address the elements of 
claims 4 and 12. Pet. 46–49, 57. Claims 2 and 12 depend from claims 1 and 
9, respectively, and recite, 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
37 
 
wherein the patient has been determined to have a tumor that 
exhibits a MSI-high status when instability of a microsatellite 
marker in a DNA sequence has been detected in a tumor sample 
obtained from the patient, wherein the microsatellite marker is 
BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 or NR-24; or 
wherein the patient has been determined to have a tumor that 
exhibits a MMR deficiency status when deficiency of a mismatch 
repair marker in a DNA sequence has been detected in a tumor 
sample obtained from the patient, wherein the mismatch repair 
marker is POLE, POLD1, or MYH. 
Ex. 1001, claims 4 and 12. 
Petitioner argues that Chapelle teaches standard methods of testing 
whether a tumor is MSI-H, including determining whether the patient’s 
tumor exhibits instability in a microsatellite marker. Pet. 46–49, 57 (citing 
Ex. 1007, 3380, 3383). Dr. Neugut supports this characterization of 
Chapelle. Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 113–117. Petitioner also argues that Chapelle 
teaches determining whether a microsatellite marker is BAT-25 or BAT-26. 
Id. at 49 (citing Ex. 1007, 3380–84). For example, Chappelle teaches that “a 
standard test” using a “[p]anel consisting of . . . BAT26, BAT25” has “stood 
the test of time.” Id. (citing Ex. 1007, 3382). 
Moreover, Petitioner argues, citing Dr. Neugut’s testimony, that one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to combine the MSR 
(alone or combined with Pernot) with Chapelle’s standard methods for 
testing for MSI-H and would have had an expectation of success in doing so 
because the method of testing for MSI-H would not have been expected to 
change the efficacy of the use of pembrolizumab for treating cancer patients 
having MSI-H tumors. Pet. 47–48. 
Patent Owner presents the arguments discussed above regarding the 
limitations of independent claims 1 and 9, but does not present arguments or 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
38 
 
direct us to evidence that are specific to the limitations of dependent claims 
4 and 12. See, e.g., PO Resp. 25–50. That is, Patent Owner argues against 
all of the obviousness challenges together, without arguing that any of the 
limitations recited in dependent claims 4 and 12 render the methods of 
independent claims 1 or 9 non-obvious. Patent Owner, however, makes 
certain general arguments in response to Petitioner’s obviousness challenges, 
which we address below. 
To begin, Patent Owner argues that Petitioner applies the wrong legal 
standard to argue that there would have been a reasonable expectation of 
success in the methods recited in the independent claims. PO Resp. 32–50. 
For example, Patent Owner argues that neither the MSR, Pernot, any other 
reference cited by Petitioner, nor the state of the art provides a reasonable 
expectation in using MSI status as an indicator of successful treatment with 
pembrolizumab. Id. at 33–50. Because, as discussed above, we are 
persuaded that the steps of the methods recited in the independent claims are 
expressly taught in the MSR, anticipating the limitations of independent 
claims, we are persuaded that Petitioner has established that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
achieving a method comprising these steps, with the results being inherent. 
See MEHL/Biophile Int’l Corp. v. Milgraum, 192 F.3d 1362, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 
1999) (“Where, as here, the result is a necessary consequence of what was 
deliberately intended, it is of no import that the articles’ authors did not 
appreciate the results.”). Petitioner presents persuasive evidence that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation of success 
in making a method that tests for MSI-H as recited in the challenged 
dependent claims, and Patent Owner does not argue or present evidence to 
the contrary. Accordingly, we are persuaded that Petitioner has met its 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
39 
 
burden of presenting a prima facie case for the obviousness of the 
challenged claims. 
Patent Owner also presents objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that it asserts demonstrates the non-obviousness of the claimed methods. 
PO Resp. 51–86. The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, 
skepticism, long-felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of 
the claimed methods. Id. Because we determine, as discussed above, that 
the methods recited in the independent claims are anticipated by the MSR, 
Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive of 
the patentability of claims 1 and 9. See Cohesive Tech., Inc. v. Waters 
Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (“[S]econdary considerations 
are not an element of a claim of anticipation.”). 
Regarding the dependent claims 4 and 12, Patent Owner must show a 
nexus between the claimed methods and the evidence of non-obviousness. 
See Henny Penny Corp. v. Frymaster LLC, 938 F.3d 1324, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 
2019) (“[T]o be accorded substantial weight in the obviousness analysis, the 
evidence of secondary considerations must have a ‘nexus’ to the claims, i.e., 
there must be ‘a legally and factually sufficient connection’ between the 
evidence and the patented invention. . . . Ultimately, ‘[t]he patentee bears 
the burden of showing that a nexus exists.’” (quoting Demaco Corp. v. F. 
Von Langsdorff Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 1988), WMS 
Gaming, Inc. v. Int'l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1359 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
Patent Owner mentions a nexus between the Keytruda® 
(pembrolizumab) label for testing a patient’s tumor using polymerase chain 
reaction or immunohistochemistry, which are recited in dependent claim 5. 
PO Resp. 52. But Patent Owner does not direct us to evidence of a nexus to 
limitations recited in dependent claims 4 and 12, which recite testing that 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
40 
 
comprises assessing one or more markers selected from the group consisting 
of BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 and NR-24. Thus, even if there is 
a nexus to the Patent Owner’s evidence of secondary considerations, the 
evidence addresses the methods of independent claims 1 and 9, not the 
limitations of the claims 4 and 12. PO Resp. 52–62. Patent Owner directs 
us only to evidence regarding treating patients determined to have MSI-H 
colorectal cancer with pembrolizumab, which we determine to be anticipated 
by the MSR. Id. When evidence of a “secondary consideration is 
exclusively related to a single feature that is in the prior art,” our reviewing 
court has held the evidence is of no relevance to the obviousness inquiry. 
See Yita LLC v. MacNeil IP LLC, 69 F.4th 1356, 1363–65 (Fed. Cir. 2023), 
cert. denied, 144 S. Ct. 499 (2023) (distinguishing WBIP, LLC v. Kohler 
Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1330–31 (Fed. Cir. 2016)); see also Ethicon Endo-
Surgery, Inc. v. Covidien LP, 812 F.3d 1023, 1034 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (“[I]f the 
feature that creates the commercial success was known in the prior art, the 
success is not pertinent.”). In Yita, the prior art taught close-conformance of 
a floor tray with the walls of a vehicle foot well, which one of ordinary skill 
in the art would have had reason to use in combination with other prior-art 
teachings to arrive at the claimed invention. See Yita, 69 F.4th at 1359–61. 
The court held that because the asserted evidence of secondary consideration 
related exclusively to close-conformity, the evidence was not persuasive of 
non-obviousness, even though the claimed floor tray was coextensive with 
the product that produced the evidence. See id. at 1364–65 (“The 
coextensiveness inquiry bears only on the presumption of nexus; it does not 
decide the overall nexus question.”). 
Because Patent Owner directs us only to evidence that the methods 
recited in claims 1 and 9 produced evidence of secondary considerations, we 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
41 
 
are not persuaded that this evidence is persuasive of the non-obviousness of 
the specific methods recited in the dependent claims. 
 Accordingly, Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that the methods of claims 4 and 12 would have been obvious. We 
are not persuaded to the contrary by Patent Owner’s arguments or evidence 
of second secondary considerations. 
F. Grounds 6 and 7: Obviousness Based on the MSI-H Study Record, 
Pernot, Brown, Duval, Benson, Chapelle and Hamid 
Petitioner argues that dependent claim 8 of the ’975 patent is 
unpatentable as obvious over the MSI-H Study Record, Pernot, and other 
cited references, including Chapelle and Hamid. Pet. 58–60. Because, as 
discussed above, we determined that claim 8 is anticipated by the MSR, 
claim 8 also would have been obvious over MSR alone. In re McDaniel, 
293 F.3d at 1385. Accordingly, the preponderance of the evidence supports 
Petitioner’s challenges of claim 8 as being obvious over the MSR alone or 
along with other references cited in Ground 6 and/or Ground 7. 
III. 
CONCLUSION4 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–4, 6–10, and 12–15 of the 
’975 patent are unpatentable. 
 
4 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
42 
 
In summary: 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is 
ORDERED that claims 1–4, 6–10, and 12–15 of the ’975 patent have 
been shown to be unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
Claim(s) 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–3, 6–10, 
13–15 
102 
MSR 
1–3, 6–10, 
13–15 
 
1–3, 6–10, 
13–15 
103 
MSR, Pernot, 
Benson 
1–3, 6–10, 
13–15 
 
4, 12 
103 
MSR, Pernot, 
Benson, Chapelle 
4, 12 
 
1–3, 6–10, 
13–15 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson 
1–3, 6–10, 
13–15 
 
4, 12 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Chapelle 
4, 12 
 
8 
103 
MSR, Pernot, 
Benson, Chapelle, 
Hamid 
8 
 
8 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
Chapelle, Hamid 
8 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–4, 6–10, 
12–15 
 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-00624 
Patent 11,325,975 B2 
43 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Naveen Modi 
Bruce Wexler 
Preston Ratliff 
Daniel Zeilberger 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
brucewexler@paulhastings.com 
prestonratliff@paulhastings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Nicholas Stephens 
Grace Kim 
Todd Miller 
Anita Meiklejohn 
Matthew Chun 
FISH & RICHARDSON P.C. 
nstephens@fr.com 
gkim@fr.com 
miller@fr.com 
meiklejohn@fr.com 
mchun@fr.com