--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 47 
Tel: 571-272-7822 
Date: April 16, 2024 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
DR. REDDY’s LABORATORIES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
GENENTECH, INC., HOFFMAN-LA ROCHE AG, and ABBVIE INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
 
Before JEFFREY N. FREDMAN, ZHENYU YANG, and 
ROBERT A. POLLOCK, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
FREDMAN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 1, 
“Pet.”) requesting inter partes review of claims 1–4, 8–14, and 18–26 (the 
“challenged claims”) of U.S. Patent No. 11,110,087 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’087 
patent”). Genentech, Inc., Hoffman-La Roche AG, and Abbvie Inc. (“Patent 
Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 6 (“Prelim. Resp.”). 
On April 19, 2023, the Board instituted an inter partes review of all 
claims of the ’087 patent. Paper 7 (“Institution Decision,” “DI”). 
Subsequently, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response (Paper 24, “PO 
Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to the Patent Owner Response (Paper 33, 
“Pet. Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 38, “PO Sur-
Reply”). An oral hearing was held on January 18, 2024. A transcript of the 
hearing has been entered into the record. Paper 44. We requested, and 
received, additional briefing on several Federal Circuit Decisions. Papers 41, 
42, 45, and 46. 
For the reasons that follow, on the full trial record, we conclude that 
Petitioner has not proven by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–
4, 8–14, 18–26 of the ’087 patent are unpatentable. 
II. REAL PARTIES-IN-INTEREST 
Petitioner identifies Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. and Dr. Reddy’s 
Laboratories, Inc. as the real parties-in-interest. Pet. 3. Patent Owner states 
“the real parties-in-interest are Genentech, Inc., Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., 
and AbbVie Inc., the assignees of record for U.S. Patent No. 11,110,087.” 
Paper 4, 1. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
3 
III. RELATED MATTERS 
Petitioner identifies the ’087 patent as a continuation of US 
10,993,942 (“’942 patent”) and related to three pending applications, US 
17/395,366, 17/709,324, and 17/834,709. Pet. 4. Petitioner identifies two 
district court cases directly related to the ’087 and ’942 patents: AbbVie Inc. 
v. Alembic Pharms., Ltd., No. 20-cv-01009 (D. Del.) and AbbVie Inc. v. Dr. 
Reddy’s Labs., Ltd., No. 20-cv-00968 (D. Del.). Petitioner also identifies a 
related instituted post grant review (“PGR”) challenge: Dr. Reddy’s Labs., 
Inc. v. Genentech, Inc., PGR2022-00023, Paper 8 (PTAB July 25, 2022). 
IV. THE ’087 PATENT and RELEVANT BACKGROUND 
The ’087 patent states the “invention is directed to a combination 
therapy involving a type II anti-CD20 antibody and a selective Bcl-2 
inhibitor for the treatment of a patient suffering from cancer, particularly a 
CD20-expressing cancer.” Ex. 1001, 1:22–25. The ’087 patent teaches, in 
one embodiment, that “the selective Bcl-2 inhibitor is GDC-0199.” Id. at 
4:6–7. The ’087 patent teaches the treatment may comprise “administering 
to said human a GA101 antibody and/or GDC-0199 in multiple dosing 
cycles. In an embodiment, each dosing cycle of the multiple dosing cycle is 
for at least 1 week.” Id. at 4:12–15. According to Patent Owner GDC-0199 
is “now known as venetoclax” and marketed “as the FDA-approved drug 
Venclexta®.” POPR 1. See also Ex. 1020 ¶ 2 (Testimony of Dr. 
Oleksowicz’s, Petitioner’s Declarant that GDC-0199 is synonymous with 
Venclexta). 
V. ILLUSTRATIVE CLAIMS 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–4, 8–14, and 18–26, of which only 
claims 1 and 19 are independent: 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
4 
1. 
A method for treating lymphoma or leukemia in a human 
patient, the method comprising orally administering once 
daily GDC-0199 to the patient in dosing cycles comprising 
escalating doses, wherein the escalating doses comprise a 
dose of 100 mg of GDC-0199 per day, followed by orally 
administering to the patient a dose of 200 mg of GDC-
0199 per day, followed by orally administering to the 
patient a dose of 400 mg of GDC-0199 per day. 
19. 
A method for treating lymphoma or leukemia in a human 
patient, the method comprising orally administrating once 
daily GDC-0199 in escalating doses to the patient, 
wherein the escalating doses comprise a daily dose of 100 
mg of GDC-0199. 
Ex. 1001, 35:26–34; 36:45–49. 
VI. ASSERTED GROUND 
Petitioner contends that the challenged claims are unpatentable based 
on the following ground. Pet. 6. 
Reference 
Basis 
Claims Challenged 
Venclexta Label (November 
2018) (Ex. 1053). 
§ 102 
1–4, 8–14, 18–26 
Petitioner relied on the Declaration of Leslie Oleksowicz, M.D. See 
Ex. 1020. Patent Owner relies on the Declaration of Dr. Jeffrey P. Sharman, 
M.D. See Ex. 2009. 
Based on the statements of qualifications and curriculum vitae, we 
find Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Oleksowicz, qualified to provide technical 
opinions from the perspective of a person of ordinary skill in the art in this 
proceeding. See Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 5–13; Ex. 1021. Also based on the statements 
of qualifications and curriculum vitae, we find Patent Owner’s declarant, Dr. 
Brown, qualified to provide technical opinions from the perspective of a 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
5 
person of ordinary skill in the art in this proceeding. See Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 5–22; 
Ex. 2010. 
VII. CLAIM INTERPRETATION 
Petitioner contends that the preamble recitation to treat particular 
cancers is a limitation “because it both frames and governs the ultimate 
timing and dosing choices of the claimed method of treatment.” Pet. 26. 
Patent Owner contends that the “patent provides express definitions for both 
terms and these terms should be construed in accordance with their 
definitions as set forth in the ’087 specification.” PO. Resp. 21. 
Petitioner responds that “Patent Owner does not explain why 
construction is necessary or affects the merits. Neither definition is different 
from the ordinary meaning of each term in the context of the specification, 
and Patent Owner did not explain how or why either one somehow 
undermined the Petition.” Pet. Reply 5. 
Patent Owner then responds: 
Despite the ’087 patent’s explicit instruction regarding the terms 
“method of treating” and “treating,” Dr. Oleksowicz relies on a 
different (and incorrect) standard, in which she considers 
whether GDC-0199 “clinically treat[ed]” patients. (See Ex. 2026 
at 67:15-74:14 (emphasis added); see, e.g., id. at 115:18-116:6 
(“So if you want to use venetoclax as monotherapy, you might 
need a clinical trial to assess it as monotherapy . . . . So there are 
problems here regarding utilization of these wide ranges of 
doses”), 120:6-21, 124:23-125:4.) Petitioner follows Dr. 
Oleksowicz’s error in arguing for standards more akin to FDA 
approval requirements than the standards under 35 U.S.C. §112. 
PO Sur-Reply 5–6. 
The parties do not identify any issue relating to the preamble that 
would impact our analysis. We recognize that Patent Owner is suggesting 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
6 
that Petitioner’s expert, at least, is reading the word “clinical” into the 
treatment language of claim 1. However, the plain language of the claim 1 
preamble states “treating lymphoma or leukemia in a human patient” and is 
supported by a straightforward definition in the Specification of the ’087 
patent, expressly limiting the invention to treatment of human patients. See 
Ex. 1001, 16:25–38. We therefore find that the preamble terms do not need 
claim construction because there is no actual dispute suggesting that, for 
example, claim 1 implicitly recites the term “clinical.” See, e.g., Wellman, 
Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2011) (“[C]laim 
terms need only be construed ‘to the extent necessary to resolve the 
controversy.’”) (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 
200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
VIII. LEVEL OF ORDINARY SKILL IN THE ART 
In our Institution Decision, we provisionally adopted Patent Owner’s 
position that one of ordinary skill in the art “would have had at least an M.D. 
and several years of experience treating patients with hematological 
malignancies (i.e., blood cancers).” DI 5–6. Here, Petitioner asserts that the 
skilled artisan 
would have held an MD with experience in clinical oncology or 
pharmacology; a PhD in pharmacology, pharmaceutical 
chemistry, cancer biology, or a related discipline; or a PharmD 
with experience in clinical oncology. Ex. 1020 ¶ 29. A POSA 
would also have practical working knowledge of oncology (Ex. 
1020 ¶ 29) and experience with the design of studies necessary 
for drug development. This description is approximate, and 
additional experience could make up for less education and vice 
versa. Ex. 1020 ¶ 29. 
Pet. 15–16. Patent Owner asserts its “definition ‘more precisely establishes 
the level of ordinary skill in the art as it directly relates to those deciding 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
7 
prescribing information based on the prior art reference’ (id. at 6) and 
accounts for the ’087 patent’s focus on lymphoma and leukemia in the 
claims.” PO Resp. 18–19 (citing Ex. 1001,35:26–37:10; Ex. 2009, ¶¶ 25–33; 
Ex. 2026,154:8–13.) 
 
Petitioner responds the “difference between the parties’ POSA 
definitions is immaterial insofar as both experts qualify under either one. 
Regardless, Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Sharman, did not apply either 
definition but instead assumed additional requirements that a POSA be 
‘double board’ certified and have ‘personal experience’ conducting ‘Phase I 
dosing trials.’” Pet. Reply 4 (citing Ex. 1056, 142:3–6; Ex. 2009 ¶ 32.) 
Patent Owner responds, that under its definition, 
a POSA, with years of experience treating hematological 
malignancies, would have had their own knowledge about Phase 
I dosing trials. (See id. at ¶¶ 28-32.) Dr. Sharman merely 
commented on the qualities a physician with years of experience 
in hematology would possess. 
PO Sur-Reply 3 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 28). 
We do not discern a substantive difference between the parties’ 
respective definitions for the level of ordinary skill in the art. Although 
Petitioner did not expressly recite hematological malignancies, Petitioner did 
refer to expertise in clinical oncology, which would encompass the blood 
cancers recited in the claims. Neither party identifies a difference in the 
analysis or conclusions that would be based on differences in the ordinary 
skill in the art analysis. 
Accordingly, we find the parties’ respective definitions to be 
equivalent and consistent with the level of ordinary skill in the art as 
reflected by the prior art in this proceeding. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 
F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific findings regarding 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
8 
ordinary skill level are not required “where the prior art itself reflects an 
appropriate level and a need for testimony is not shown” (quoting Litton 
Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 
1985))). 
IX. PRINCIPLES OF LAW 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never 
shifts to the patent owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, 
Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (discussing the burden of proof in 
inter partes review). 
“[T]o gain the benefit of the filing date of an earlier application under 
35 U.S.C. § 120, each application in the chain leading back to the earlier 
application must comply with the written description requirement of 35 
U.S.C. § 112.” Zenon Envtl., Inc. v. U.S. Filter Corp., 506 F.3d 1370, 1378 
(Fed. Cir. 2007); see also In re Hogan, 559 F.2d 595, 609 (CCPA 1977) 
(“[T]here has to be a continuous chain of copending applications each of 
which satisfies the requirements of § 112 with respect to the subject matter 
presently claimed.”) 
“[T]he test for [compliance with the written description requirement 
of § 112, ¶ 1] is whether the disclosure of the application relied upon 
reasonably conveys to those skilled in the art that the inventor had 
possession of the claimed subject matter as of the filing date.” Ariad 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
9 
Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2010). 
“[W]hile the description requirement does not demand any particular form 
of disclosure, or that the specification recite the claimed invention in haec 
verba, a description that merely renders the invention obvious does not 
satisfy the requirement.” Id. at 1352 (citations omitted). “[T]he test requires 
an objective inquiry into the four corners of the specification from the 
perspective of a person of ordinary skill in the art.” Id. at 1351. 
Chiron explains that under § 120, a patent “may only claim priority to 
an earlier application if the earlier application fulfills” both the enablement 
and written description requirements. Chiron Corp. v. Genentech, Inc., 363 
F.3d 1247, 1253 (Fed. Cir. 2004). “Moreover, the prior application must 
enable one of ordinary skill in the art to practice ‘the full scope of the 
claimed invention.’” Id. (quoting In re Wright, 999 F.2d 1557, 1561 (Fed. 
Cir. 1993)). 
“Determining whether claims are anticipated involves a two-step 
analysis. The first step involves construction of the claims of the patent at 
issue. Claim construction is a question of law reviewed de novo.” In re 
Aoyama, 656 F.3d 1293, 1296 (Fed.Cir.2011). “The second step [of an 
anticipation analysis] involves comparing the claims to the prior art. 
Anticipation is a question of fact reviewed for substantial evidence.” In re 
Aoyama, 656 F.3d at 1296. “A prior art reference anticipates a patent claim 
under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b) if it discloses every claim limitation.” In re 
Montgomery, 677 F.3d 1375, 1379 (Fed. Cir. 2012). 
We analyze the asserted ground of unpatentability in accordance with 
the above-stated principles. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
10 
X. ANALYSIS 
A. ’087 Patent (Ex. 1001)1 
The ’087 patent teaches “[t]he present invention is directed to a 
combination therapy involving a type II anti-CD20 antibody and a selective 
Bcl-2 inhibitor for the treatment of a patient suffering from cancer, 
particularly a CD20-expressing cancer.” Ex. 1001, 1:21–25. The ’087 
patent teaches “[e]xemplary non-solid tumors that can be treated in the 
methods provided herein, include, for instance, a leukemia or a lymphoma.” 
Ex. 1001, 25:6–8. 
According to the ’087 patent: 
A dosing period as used herein is meant a period of time, 
during which each therapeutic agent has been administered at 
least once. A dosing cycle is usually about 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 
10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 
27, 28, 29, or 30 days, and, in one embodiment, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 
12, 13, or 14 days, for example, 7 or 14 days. 
In certain embodiments, a dosing period is a dosing cycle. 
Ex. 1001, 16:64–17:4. 
The ’087 patent teaches that in “certain embodiments, methods are 
provided for the treatment of a cancer in a human in need thereof comprising 
administering to said human a GA101 antibody and/or GDC-0199 in 
multiple dosing cycles. In an embodiment, each dosing cycle of the multiple 
dosing cycle is for at least 1 week.” Ex. 1001, 4:10–15. The ’087 patent 
teaches embodiments where “following the last dosing cycle of multiple 
 
1 Because the ’087 patent is a direct continuation of priority documents 
including US Application 14/020,762, now US 9,539,251 with filing dates 
antedating the anticipation reference at Ex. 1011, we cite to the identical 
disclosure in the ’087 patent for convenience in analyzing priority support. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
11 
dosing cycles, GDC-0199 alone can be administered to the human in the 
absence of the GA101 antibody.” Ex. 1001, 4:45–48. The ’087 patent 
teaches that in 
certain embodiments, escalating doses of GDC-0199 are 
administered to the patient prior to administration of the type II 
anti-CD20 antibody. In other embodiments, escalating doses of 
GDC-0199 are administered to the patient after the type II anti-
CD20 antibody has been administered to the patient. 
In some embodiments of the method of treatment provided 
herein, the amount of GDC-0199 administered to the patient per 
dose is increased during the first dosing cycle from initial 
amounts of between 10 mg to 80 mg to final amounts of between 
190 mg to 400 mg. In certain embodiments, the amount of GDC-
0199 per dose administered to the patients begins with 50 mg or 
100 mg, and is increased to 300 mg per dose. In some 
embodiments, the amount of GDC-0199 in the initial doses 
administered to the patient can, for example, be between 20 mg 
to 60 mg (e.g., 20 mg, 25 mg, 30 mg, 35 mg, 40 mg, 45 mg, 50 
mg, 55 mg or 60 mg doses), followed by dose amounts of 100 
mg, 200 mg, 300 mg or more of GDC-0199. 
Id. at 24:11–29. 
Figure 2 of the ’087 patent is reproduced below: 
 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
12 
Figure 2 depicts a dosing schedule “consisting of GDC-0199 administered in 
escalating doses for 3 weeks prior to the first obinutuzumab2 infusion.” 
Ex. 1001, 25:67–26:1. In particular, Figure 2 describes administration of a 
50 mg dose of GDC-0199 for the first week, a 100 mg dose for the second 
week, and a 300 mg dose for the third week alone and continuing through 
twenty-eight weeks. Id. atFigure 2. 
 
The ’087 patent teaches 
GDC-0199 monotherapy may be continued in patients beyond 6-
7 cycles of combination treatment described above (e.g., if they 
have acceptable toxicity and have not yet achieved maximal 
clinical 
response 
(i.e., 
are 
having 
continued 
improvement/reduction in tumor burden that has not yet 
stabilized for at least 2 months)). Such patients may continue 
GDC-0199 monotherapy until they have achieved maximal 
response or up to 1 year after the last patient is enrolled, 
whichever occurs first. 
Id. at 26:25–33. 
A. 
Priority 
The anticipation challenge of Ground 1 is predicated on whether the 
claims at issue receive the benefit of priority to the original Specification—
which in turn requires us to consider whether the challenged claims find 
enabling and written descriptive support in the priority document. 
1. Enablement 
Where the effective filing date of a claim is an issue in a § 102 
analysis, courts have considered whether the priority document provides 
 
2 Ex. 1001 teaches “a type II anti-CD20 antibody (GA101 antibody, in this 
case, obinutuzumab).” Ex. 1001, 4:65–67. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
13 
enablement without undue experimentation for the claims. See Chiron, 363 
F.3d at 1253. 
 
In analyzing undue experimentation, we consider: 
(1) the quantity of experimentation necessary, (2) the amount of 
direction or guidance presented, (3) the presence or absence of 
working examples, (4) the nature of the invention, (5) the state 
of the prior art, (6) the relative skill of those in the art, (7) the 
predictability or unpredictability of the art, and (8) the breadth of 
the claims. 
In re Wands, 858 F.2d at 737. 
a. Petitioner’s Position 
Petitioner contends: 
Claim 19 is broad. It recites treating “lymphoma or leukemia in 
a human patient” (i.e., any lymphoma or leukemia, at any stage, 
in any human) by “orally administrating once daily GDC-0199 
in escalating doses to the patient, wherein the escalating doses 
comprise a daily dose of 100 mg of GDC-0199.” That is broader 
than the asserted priority documents allow. 
Pet. 43. Petitioner contends the claims “encompass a broad (even 
incalculable) genus of possible dosing regimens, any of which must be 
functionally effective in ‘treating lymphoma or leukemia.’” Id., cf. Pet. 
Reply 10–13. Petitioner contends: 
The specification is indeed devoid of guidance on how to arrive 
at the full scope of dosing regimens that work to treat the full 
scope of lymphoma and leukemia, much less in a way that 
mitigates TLS [tumor lysis syndrome]. Indeed, the specification 
lacks a single working example falling within the scope of the 
claims. Example 2 is merely prophetic, noting a hypothetical 
clinical study. 
Pet. 46 (citing Ex. 1001, 25:65–66), cf. Pet. Reply 13–14. 
 
Petitioner contends “Patent Owner argued during prosecution that 
treatment of cancer is unpredictable and that new cancer treatments are 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
14 
unpredictable.” Pet. 47 (citing Ex. 1013, 71–73). Petitioner contends “Patent 
Owner’s own admissions underscore that significant guidance would be 
needed, and the amount of experimentation that would be needed without 
such guidance.” Id. 
 
Petitioner contends “the state of working knowledge for treatment 
with GDC-0199 was low as of the asserted priority date, beyond exploratory 
clinical trials.” Pet. 48 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 195). Petitioner contends “given 
Patent Owner’s admissions about the state of the art with respect to GDC-
0199 at the time, a POSA would not recognize at the time without undue 
experimentation which embodiments are inoperative.” Id. at 49. 
(1) Claims 20 and 21 
Petitioner contends: 
Claim 20 adds that the method comprises “three differing doses,” 
and claim 21 specifies that the “starting dose” is the 100 mg dose. 
But even with a 100 mg anchor point, the claims remain 
hopelessly broad, allowing endless permutations of dose 
amounts and timings. See Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 200–02. The claims are 
for any three doses to be used, and so this additional limitation 
retains all the enablement problems of claim 19. 
Pet. 50. 
(2) Claim 22 
Petitioner contends “the patent provides no guidance on how to 
determine the other doses in the ramp-up, or why one would choose a daily 
ramp up instead of over weeks or more. Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 204, 206.” Pet. 50. 
(3) Claims 24 and 25 
Petitioner contends “[t]he priority documents do not discuss any 
‘disease progression’ endpoint or provide sufficient guidance on the subject. 
Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 209, 211. The complete lack of guidance on ‘disease progress’ 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
15 
is further exacerbated by the lack of discussion on TLS.” Pet. 51 (citing Ex. 
1020 ¶¶ 210–11). 
(4) Claim 26 
Petitioner contends “Claim 26 requires administration ‘in combination 
with cytarabine.’ This just makes things worse. The claim adds a new drug 
for co-administration without any limits or guidance on its use, introducing a 
further set of complex factors in dosing, outcomes, and possible side effects. 
Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 213, 215–16.” Pet. 51. 
(5) Claims 1–4, 8–14, and 18 
Petitioner contends “Claims 1–4, 8–14, and 18 remain improperly 
broad, encompassing essentially infinite combinations of dosing regimens 
and co-administration schemes. Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 221–23. And just as dependent 
claims 20–26 do not cure claim 19’s enablement issues, neither do 
dependent claims 2–4, 8, 10–14, and 18. Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 221–23.” Pet. 52. 
b. Patent Owner’s Position 
Patent Owner contends “[t]he specification discloses methods for the 
treatment of a patient suffering from lymphoma or leukemia via 
administration of GDC-0199, which is a selective Bcl-2 inhibitor.” PO Resp. 
53 (citing Ex. 1001 at 1:22–25, 4:10–17, 5:23–30; see also Example 2, FIG. 
2.) Patent Owner contends “Example 2 is a clinical trial detailing the 
administration of GDC-0199 (Ex. 1001 at 24:3–10, 24:17–29, FIG. 2), and 
column 24 provides alternative doses from 10-400 mg that can be used in 
that clinical trial scheme (id. at 24:3–10, 24:17–29).” Id. at 53–54. 
Patent Owner contends: 
Multiple Wands factors weigh in favor of a conclusion that no 
undue experimentation is needed. For example, factor 3—the 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
16 
presence or absence of working examples—also tends to show 
the claims enabled because the specification describes four 
examples and explicitly includes Example 2 and Figure 2, which 
relate to escalating doses in CLL patients. . . . Furthermore, factor 
2—the amount of direction or guidance presented— supports a 
finding of enablement because as explained above in Sections 
III.A.2. and VI.A.1., the specification provides a limited number 
of doses that can be utilized in the Figure 2 schema for the 
treatment of lymphoma or leukemia, and those dosages are 
further restricted by the knowledge of a POSA regarding dosing. 
Factor 6—the relative skill of those in the art—a POSA, armed 
with at least an M.D. and several years of experience treating 
hematological malignancies, would have understood how to treat 
a patient using the dose escalation scheme presented in the 
specification of the ’087 patent. (See, e.g., Ex. 2009 at ¶¶ 254–
257.) 
PO Resp. 58–59. 
(1) 
Claims 1–4, 8, 10–14, 18, 20–23 
Patent Owner contends: 
Claims 20–26 depend from claim 19, and are enabled for the 
same reasons discussed above with regard to claim 19. 
Independent claims 1 and 9 also have a set of dependent 
challenged claims (2–4, 8, 10–14, and 18, respectively) 
analogous to dependent claims 20–26, and for the same reasons. 
PO. Resp. 55–56. Patent Owner contends: 
A POSA would recognize that there are three differing, 
escalating doses listed in Figure 2 and Example 2. A POSA 
would also recognize that the ’087 specification discloses 
administering the different dose once daily, and that a dosing 
cycle can be one day. (Ex. 1001 at 17:61-62 (providing the “Bcl-
2 inhibitor may be administered daily”), 16:66-17:3 (“a dosing 
cycle is usually about 1 . . . or 30 days”).) These disclosures 
would teach a POSA to administer a different dose once daily in 
each of the first three dosing cycles without undue 
experimentation. 
Id. at 57. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
17 
(2) Claims 24 and 25 
Patent Owner contends: 
A POSA would have understood that the objective of cancer 
treatment would be to prevent disease progression and would 
know to discontinue treatment if disease progression occurs. (Ex. 
2009 at ¶¶ 243–245.) Furthermore, Example 2 provides that 
“GDC-0199 monotherapy may be continued in patients beyond . 
. . combination treatment.” (See Ex. 1001 at 26:25–33.) These 
are explicit instructions to a POSA that GDC-0199 can be 
continued if toxicity is acceptable and maximal clinical response 
has yet to be achieved. 
PO Resp. 57. 
(3) Claim 26 
Patent Owner contends “the ’087 specification lists cytarabine as an 
agent that may be used in combination treatment. (Ex. 1001 at 18:13–32.) 
Furthermore, the specification provides for the administration of agents like 
cytarabine. (Id. at 18:24–19:18; Ex. 2009 at ¶¶ 246–249.)” PO Resp. 57–58. 
Patent Owner contends “Petitioner is confusing the requirements of FDA 
approval with the requirements under § 112. ‘It is well established that a 
patent may be secured, and typically is secured, before the conclusion of 
clinical trials.’ In re Montgomery, 677 F.3d 1375, 1382 (Fed. Cir. 2012).” Id. 
at 58. 
c. Evidence of record regarding Wands factors 
(1) Breadth of Claims 
Dr. Oleksowicz states: 
In my opinion, the claim puts no limit on the identity or stage of 
the cancer, on the patient, on the amount of any of the doses 
(other than that they escalate and that one is 100 mg), on the 
timing of any of the doses, or on the duration or endpoint of 
treatment. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
18 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 185. 
 
Dr. Sharman states: 
The specification teaches treating lymphomas and leukemias, 
which coupled with the state of the art knowledge on the use of 
Bcl-2 specific inhibitors for the treatment of lymphomas and 
leukemias would enable a person of ordinary skill in the art to 
conduct the recited methods of treatment in claim 19 in 
accordance with the inventors’ definition of “treating” and 
“method of treating.” 
Ex. 2009 ¶ 232. Dr. Sharman states “a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood that the dose escalations are confined by the doses 
and dose ranges expressly set forth, e.g., in column 24 of the specification, 
for the treatment of lymphoma or leukemia.” Id. ¶ 233. 
 
The ’087 patent states: 
GDC-0199 is administered in fewer than all of the days of the 
initial dosing cycle, and is administered each day of the dosing 
cycles of the multiple dosing cycles that follow the dosing 
cycle. The amount of GDC-0199 administered per day can be 
between about 10 mg to about 1,000 mg, about 20 mg to about 
800 mg, about 20 mg to about 500 mg, or between about 50 mg 
to about 300 mg. 
Ex. 1001, 4:30–37. 
 
We find a preponderance of the evidence shows the claims have a 
breadth, when read in light of the ’087 patent specification, that is drawn to 
treatment of lymphomas and leukemias with a particular drug, GDC-0199, 
with at least one particular disclosed drug dose. 
(2) Skill in the Art 
We already address this factor above and both parties agreed that the 
level of skill in the art was very high, with the artisan possessing advanced 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
19 
degrees in medicine or related fields and experience in oncology and clinical 
trials. See, e.g., Pet. 15–16, PO Sur-Reply 3. 
(3) Working Examples 
Dr. Oleksowicz states that 
the common specification lacks a single working example that 
falls within the claim’s scope. Example 2, for instance (the 
only escalating-dose example), is merely a hypothetical future 
trial or research plan. Ex. 1001, 25:60-26:33, Figs. 2-3. The 
fact that this is framed [as] a trial conveys that it was not clear 
if it would work. I also do not think Example 2 falls within the 
claim’s scope because, as explained below, the claim is to a 
monotherapy and requires a treatment for both leukemia and 
lymphoma. 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 188. 
 
Dr. Sharman states “Example 2 is a clinical trial protocol detailing the 
administration of GDC-0199 (see, e.g., Ex. 1001 at 23:61–64, 24:24–29, Fig. 
2).” Ex. 2009 ¶ 236. Dr. Sharman states “[w]ith respect to the presence or 
absence of working examples, I have described . . . how the specification 
includes four examples teaching the effectiveness of GDC-0199 alone.” Id. 
¶ 255. 
 
Example 1 of the ’087 Specification disclosed that in “a non-
Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL) xenograft model of aggressive lymphoma . . . 
GDC-0199 was administered at 100 mg/kg QD for 21 days and also 
demonstrated stasis followed by tumor growth delay.” Ex. 1001, 25:28–35. 
Example 3 of the ’087 Specification disclosed that animals were inoculated 
with a mantle cell lymphoma line and treated with GDC-0199 at a dosage of 
100 mg/kg, with tumor growth inhibition of 59% in animals given GDC-
0199 alone. See Ex. 1001, 26:35–27:25. Example 4 of the ’087 Specification 
disclosed that in a diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) model, after 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
20 
combination treatment with GDC-0199 and GA101, treatment continued 
“with GDC-0199 alone at 100 mg/kg for an additional 24 days. [The GDC-
0199 treatment] resulted in a significant delay in tumor regrowth when 
compared to mice treated with the combination of GA101 and GDC-0199 
over a 21 day period.” Ex. 1001, 28:4–8. 
 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence shows that the ’087 
patent contains multiple working examples showing that treatment of 
lymphomas in animal models with GDC-0199 results in reduced tumor 
growth. We appreciate that the claims are limited to treatment of human 
patients, but demonstrating efficacy in animal models recognized in the art 
to be correlated to human disease is routine practice prior to human 
administration. Accord In re ’318 Patent Infringement Litigation, 583 F.3d 
1317, 1324–25 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (noting that in vitro and/or in vivo non-
human animal test results that are reasonably correlated to in vivo 
therapeutic activity in humans may be used in establishing the how to use 
prong of enablement). “Usefulness in patent law, and in particular in the 
context of pharmaceutical inventions, necessarily includes the expectation of 
further research and development. The stage at which an invention in this 
field becomes useful is well before it is ready to be administered to 
humans.” In re Brana, 51 F.3d 1560, 1568 (Fed. Cir. 1995); see also In re 
’318 Patent Infringement Litigation, 583 F.3d at 1323 (noting that utility and 
enablement are closely related. 
(4) Amount of direction or guidance presented 
Dr. Oleksowicz states 
the common specification is silent on TLS [tumor lysis 
syndrome]. Nothing in the specification suggest that escalating 
doses of GDC-0199 would attenuate TLS. Nothing suggests 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
21 
that escalating doses of GDC-0199 within the claims’ scope 
would attenuate TLS either. The rate of dose escalation, starting 
dose, and other factors the specification does not explain could 
matter. And later work by scientists showed that not every 
escalating dose would mitigate TLS. 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 190. 
Dr. Sharman states “[t]he ’087 patent discloses methods for treating a 
patient suffering from blood cancers, such as the recited lymphoma or 
leukemia, via administration of GDC-0199, which is a selective Bcl-2 
inhibitor.” Ex. 2009 ¶ 50. Dr. Sharman states “the specification defines 
‘selective Bcl-2 inhibitors’ to specifically refer to GDC-0199.” Id. ¶ 52 
(citing Ex. 1001, 14:27–67). Dr. Sharman cites the ’087 patent’s disclosure 
of “an escalating dosing cycle in which GDC-0199 is administered to the 
patient in escalating daily dose amounts during the escalating dosing cycle.” 
Id. ¶ 70 (quoting Ex. 1001, 4:56–61). Dr. Sharman states a “person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have been aware of the concept of dose 
escalation methods in early phase cancer clinical trials as one option for 
administering a drug.” Id. ¶ 76. Dr. Sharman cites the ’087 patent as 
teaching “the amount of GDC-0199 administered to the patient per dose is 
increased during the first dosing cycle from initial amounts of between 10 
mg to 80 mg to final amounts of between 190 mg to 400 mg.” Id. ¶ 75 
(citing Ex. 1001, 24:17–21). Dr. Sharman also cites the ’087 patent as 
teaching “dose amounts of 100 mg, 200 mg, 300 mg or more of GDC- 
0199.” Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 24:24–29.) 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence shows that the ’087 
patent provides significant guidance on specific dosages and dosing cycles 
of GDC-0199 that may be used to treat blood cancers. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
22 
(5) State of the prior art and the unpredictability in the art 
Dr. Oleksowicz states: “I have considered the skill of a POSA and the 
state of the art, but they do not suggest to me that a POSA would be enabled 
by the common specification to practice the full scope of claim 19 without 
undue experimentation.” Ex. 1020 ¶ 194. 
Dr. Sharman states: “In my opinion, a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would have been apprised of the prior art literature regarding dose 
schedules and dose frequencies (i.e., increments), and would have further 
possessed some ability to interpret and rationalize disclosures related to dose 
escalations.” Ex. 2009 ¶ 30. Dr. Sharman also states a “person of ordinary 
skill in the art would additionally have been aware of the effectiveness of 
Bcl-2 inhibitors in the treatment of lymphomas and leukemias, and based on 
that premise, would similarly expect effectiveness of GDC-0199 in the same 
lymphomas leukemias.” Id. ¶¶ 182–184 (citing Exs. 2019, 2021 2022, 2023, 
2030, 2031, 2032, each asserted as showing Bcl-2 inhibitor treatment of 
lymphoma or leukemia). 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence shows that while there 
is some degree of unpredictability in using the doses recited in the ’087 
patent for treatment of blood cancers with GDC-0199, there is evidence that 
Bcl-2 inhibitors such as GDC-0199 were known to be expected to have 
some efficacy in the treatment of blood cancers. 
(6) Quantity of Experimentation 
Dr. Oleksowicz states 
my view is that any experimentation on cancer patients is not 
simply routine, but is onerous and costly (both in terms of 
money/time and patient lifespan). The necessary trial-and-error 
to reach any dosage regimen that Patent Owner did not 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
23 
disclose creates a risk to the patients who are the subject of the 
experiment. Likewise, for any given patient, there is limited 
time available to experiment, and choosing one dosage 
regimen means forgoing another that might have worked 
better. 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 193. 
 
 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence shows that the quantity 
of experimentation necessary for effective treatment of humans is high with 
significant research required. 
d. Analysis 
Considering the Wands factors as a whole, we find that the limited 
breadth of the claims, presence of several working examples, significant 
amount of direction and guidance provided by the ’087 patent, predictability 
in treating blood cancers with Bcl-2 inhibitors like GDC-0199, and high 
level of skill in the art are balanced against a large quantity of 
experimentation. Based on our consideration of the entirety of the evidence, 
we find that a preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion that 
undue experimentation would not have been required to make and use the 
invention commensurate in scope with the claims of the ’087 patent. 
One underlying theme of Petitioner’s contentions and Petitioner’s 
expert testimony is the repeated contention that clinical trials were not 
completed by Patent Owner. See, e.g., Pet. 48 (“venetoclax (GDC-0199) was 
not FDA-approved”); Ex. 1020 ¶ 193. We find these arguments 
unpersuasive as we agree with Patent Owner that “[i]t is well established 
that a patent may be secured, and typically is secured, before the conclusion 
of clinical trials.” In re Montgomery, 67 F.3d 1375, 1382 (Fed. Cir. 2012). 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
24 
Particularly as to the dependent claims, a preponderance of the 
evidence of record does not support a finding that undue experimentation 
would have been required to administer three different doses of GDC-0199 
starting with 100 mg, to use multiple daily dosing cycles of one day, to 
continue until disease progression occurs, or to combine with other treatment 
compounds. We find that a preponderance of the evidence does not support 
Petitioner’s position that any of the dependent claims fail to comply with the 
enablement requirement. 
2. Written description 
The anticipation challenge of Ground 1 is predicated on whether the 
claims at issue receive the benefit of priority to the original Specification—
which in turn also requires us to consider whether the challenged claims find 
adequate written descriptive support in the priority document. Where the 
effective filing date of a claim is an issue in a § 102 analysis, courts have 
considered whether the priority document provides descriptive support for 
the claim. See, e.g., Lockwood v. Am. Airlines, Inc., 107 F.3d 1565, 1571 
(Fed. Cir. 1997); Arthrex, Inc. v. Smith & Nephew, Inc., 35 F.4th 1328, 1343 
(Fed. Cir. 2022). 
a. Petitioner’s position 
 
Petitioner contends that the “independent claims lack written-
description support for two reasons: (1) the specification does not provide 
adequate guidance to pick and choose various laundry-listed elements to 
reach the claimed dosing regimens, and (2) the specification does not 
describe a GDC-0199 monotherapy at all.” Pet. 31. Petitioner contends, 
regarding the nonprovisional priority application, that “claims are not found 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
25 
in a single embodiment or example from an asserted priority document.” Pet. 
31. 
Petitioner contends that 
no example or embodiment discloses the claim limitations. The 
mention of escalating doses is brief. See Ex. 1001, 24:3-36. The 
description quickly mentions Figure 2. Id. at 24:6-10. Then, after 
explaining that the GDC-0199 doses are used specifically “prior 
to” or “after” antibody administration, see id. at 24:11-16, the 
description lists a scattered array of doses, see id. at 24:17-29. 
And as in the provisional, general aspects of the dosing regimen 
(e.g., dose amount and timing) are recited in laundry-list fashion 
in sections of the description devoted only to combination 
therapy or specific cancers like NHL and AML. 
Pet. 33. Petitioner contends the “specification provides no ‘guidance’ on 
how or why one would pick these doses, in this order, for these time periods, 
in the absence of an antibody to fight an antibody-prone cancer. Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 
106-08, 147-48, 204.” Pet 35. Petitioner contends that: 
During prosecution, Patent Owner argued that the escalating 
dosing regimen was critical to avoid toxicity. See Ex. 1013, 71-
73. But the specification provides no insight into what timing or 
dose sizes reach that result—or that such a problem even exists, 
much less its solution. Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 58, 190. And later clinical 
trials demonstrated that some dosing regimens would not avoid 
that toxicity. Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 113, 191. Still, even if a skilled artisan 
could fill in the blanks, “a description that merely renders the 
invention obvious does not satisfy the requirement.” Ariad, 598 
F.3d at 1352. 
Pet. 35. Petitioner contends “[b]oth ICU Medical and Gentry Gallery 
parallel this case. The disclosure, through its title, summary, descriptions, 
and examples, covers only combination therapy: there is no description of an 
‘antibody-less’ method of treatment.” Pet. 37. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
26 
Petitioner separately contends, regarding dependent claims, that 
“[b]ecause the limitations of independent claims 1, 9, and 19 are not 
described in the provisional application, their corresponding dependent 
claims are also not supported.” Pet. 40. Petitioner contends that “[c]laims 4, 
14, and 25 require that dosing “is continued until disease progression,” but 
this limitation is independently not disclosed in a priority document in any 
sense, much less in combination with the limitations of claims 1, 9, or 19.” 
Pet. 40. Petition contends that 
Claims 2, 12, and 23 require that each “dosing cycle” is “one 
day”— that is, a day-by-day dose ramp-up. Example 2 and 
Figures 2-3 do not describe daily ramp-up doses but rather 
weekly dosing cycles. See Ex. 1001, 25:66-26:5, Figs. 2-3; Ex. 
1007, [0116]-[0121], Figs. 2-3. Claims 11 and 22, requiring a 
“different dose … once daily,” suffer the same nondisclosure 
problem, as do claim 8 (requiring a specific day-by-day ramp-up 
from 100 to 200 to 400 mg) and claim 18 (requiring daily ramp-
up). 
Pet. 40. Petitioner contends “[c]laim 21 requires that 100 mg be the ‘starting 
dose’ among ‘three differing doses,’ but Example 2 and Figures 2-3 depict 
no such starting dose. See Ex. 1001, 25:66-26:5, Figs. 2-3.” Pet. 41. 
Petitioner contends “[c]laim 26 requires co-administration ‘with cytarabine,’ 
but no such example exists. But cytarabine is merely listed among a laundry 
list of ‘other’ agents that ‘may be used in’ the ‘combination treatment.”’ Ex. 
1001, 18:13-62; Ex. 1007, [0078]-[0079].” Pet. 41. 
 
b. Patent Owner’s position 
 
Patent Owner contends: 
The specification clearly identifies that the present invention 
relates to methods of treating lymphomas and leukemias with 
GDC-0199. (See generally Ex. 2009 at ¶¶ 114-164.) As 
described in Section III.A.1., the ’087 specification describes 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
27 
treating leukemias and lymphomas such as NHL (Ex. 1001 at 
6:65-7:12, 15:37-39, 15:60-61), AML (id. at 7:13-28, 15:58), 
CLL/SLL (id. at 15:54-55, 15:64, 16:4-11, Example 2), and ALL 
(id. at 15:63). (Ex. 2009 at ¶¶ 118-156.) Furthermore, the 
specification provides and incorporates examples detailing the 
treatment of lymphomas or leukemias with GDC-0199, 
including treating NHL in Example 1, CLL in Example 2, MCL 
in Example 3, and ALL through the disclosures in Bruncko ’122. 
(See supra Section III.A.1.) There are numerous disclosures in 
the specification of the ’087 patent that would have taught a 
POSA how to treat lymphomas or leukemias with GDC-0199. 
(See Ex. 2009 at ¶¶ 176-181.). 
PO Resp. 24. Patent Owner contends “a POSA would have understood that a 
Bcl-2 inhibitor, such as GDC-0199, could be used in the treatment of 
leukemia or lymphoma. (Id.; see also Ex. 2009 at ¶¶ 182-186.) The ’087 
patent explicitly discloses that Bcl-2 inhibitors were known to be promising 
treatments for various lymphomas and leukemias.” Id. at 24–25. 
Patent Owner contends: 
The ’087 specification discloses treatments with GDC-0199 in 
which “amounts of GDC-0199 per dose administered to the 
patient are increased during a first dosing cycle.” (Ex. 1001 at 
24:3-6 (emphasis added). 
PO Resp. 25. Patent Owner contends “the specification of the ’087 patent 
discloses the dosages claimed in the ’087 patent, including 100 mg, 200 mg, 
and/or 400 mg. The framework for utilizing these recited dosages is 
explicitly provided within the specification.” Id. at 27. Patent Owner cites 
the ’087 patent, stating “column 24 recites dosing with 100 mg, 200 mg, and 
400 mg of GDC-0199. Based on the disclosures in the specification, it is 
clear that the doses recited in column 24, specifically lines 17-29, should be 
used in conjunction with the general scheme depicted in Figure 2.” Id. at 28. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
28 
Patent Owner contends a POSA would have understood the goal of a 
dose escalation would be to safely escalate dosing while attempting to reach 
the target dose as quickly as possible due to the nature of the disease at 
issue, e.g., lymphoma or leukemia.” PO Resp. 28–29. 
Patent Owner contends, regarding the dependent claims, that “a POSA 
would have recognized that, as recited in claims 10, 11, 20, and 22, the ’087 
specification expressly teaches administering GDC-0199 once per day in 
three escalating and differing doses. (Ex. 1001 at 4:56-61[)].” PO Resp. 
39–40. Patent Owner contends: 
The ’087 specification provides written description support for 
claims 2, 3, 8, 12, 13, 18, 23, and 24, which add limitations 
related to daily ramp-up. Claims 2, 12 and 23 require that “each 
dosing cycle is one day.” (Ex. 1001 at 35:35-36, 36:26- 27, 
36:60-61.) Claims 3, 13 and 24 claim that “a starting dose of the 
escalating doses is administered for one dosing cycle and an 
ending dose of the escalating doses is administered in multiple 
dosing cycles.” (Id. at 35:37-40, 36:28-31, 36:62-65.) Claim 18 
adds the limitation that the patient is administered “100 mg of 
GDC-0199 per day for one day, followed by 200 mg of GDC-
0199 per day for one day.” (Id. at 36:42-44.) Claim 8 adds the 
same limitations as claim 18, and also adds that the 200 mg dose 
is followed “by a 400 mg dose of GDC-0199 per day.” (Id. at 
35:51-54.) 
PO Resp. 41. 
 
Patent Owner contends “the plain language of the specification 
supports that GDC-0199 can be administered alone, without GA101.” PO 
Resp. 44. Patent Owner contends: 
The specification even explicitly states that GDC-0199 may be 
given “alone.” (Ex. 1001 at 4:42-55 (“[W]hen GDC-0199 is 
administered alone to the human.”) (emphasis added), 23:39-40, 
23:60-63.) Furthermore, the specification contemplates the 
administration of only GDC-0199, including sometimes before 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
29 
or after treatment with GA101. (Id. at 23:34-36, 24:11-16, 24:30-
33, FIG. 2; Ex. 2026 at 81:5-10.) For at least these reasons, the 
’087 specification discloses the use of GDC-0199 alone. 
Id. at 45. Patent Owner contends “the Examples in the specification of the 
’087 patent also show GDC-0199 administered alone. For example, 
Examples 1, 3, and 4 demonstrate administration of GDC-0199 alone 
possesses independent biological activity. (Ex. 1001 at Examples 1, 3, and 4, 
FIGs. 1, 4, and 5; Ex. 2009 at ¶¶ 209-217.)” Id. 
 
Patent Owner contends, regarding the “until disease progression” 
limitation in claims 4, 14, and 25, that 
a POSA would have recognized that GDC-0199 alone is 
effective to inhibit tumor progression. A POSA would have 
further understood that GDC-0199 monotherapy treatment 
should be discontinued if these effects are not observed. (See, 
e.g., Ex. 1001 at 26:25-33; Ex. 2009 at ¶ 191; Ex. 2026 at 104:9- 
23.) This stoppage was contemplated in Example 2, which states 
“GDC-0199 monotherapy may be continued . . . if they have 
acceptable toxicity . . . [and] are having continued 
improvement/reduction in tumor burden.” (Ex. 1001 at 26:25-
30.) 
PO Resp. 48. 
 
Patent Owner contends, as to the coadministration with cytarabine 
limitation in claim 26 that 
the ’087 specification states that “[i]n the context of this 
invention, additional other cytotoxic, chemotherapeutic or anti-
cancer agents . . . may be used in the type II anti-CD20 antibody 
and Bcl-2 inhibitor combination treatment of CD20 expressing 
cancer.” (Id. at 18:13-17.) The ’087 specification states that 
“[s]uch agents include, for example: . . . cytarabine (Ara-C).” (Id. 
at 18:24-32.) 
PO Resp. 49–50. 
1. 
Analysis 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
30 
a. Claims 1, 9, and 19 
The ’087 patent teaches the requirements of claim 19 of treatment of 
leukemia or lymphoma, including chronic lymphocytic leukemia and small 
lymphocytic lymphoma (Ex. 1001, 15:63–64), by orally administering the 
Bcl-2 inhibitor (Ex. 1001, 16:49) GDC-0199 in an escalated dose series that 
comprise 100 mg per day during a second week (Ex. 1001, Figure 2). 
As to claims 1 and 9 the ’087 patent, which require escalating GDC-
0199 doses that comprise 100 mg, 200 mg, and for claim 1, 400 mg, the ’087 
patent teaches “dose amounts of 100 mg, 200mg, 300 mg or more of GDC-
0199.” Ex. 1001, 24:28–29. In that same paragraph, the ’087 patent recites 
only one specific dose value for “or more of GDC-0199” which is 400 mg. 
See Id. at 24:21.3 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence demonstrates Petitioner 
has not established that independent claims 1, 9, and 19 should not be 
entitled to benefit of priority to the ’087 or earlier priority Specifications 
prior to the publication of the November 2018 Venclexta label. That is, 
claims 1, 9, and 19 are entitled to a priority date before November 2018. 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s first argument relating to a lack 
of adequate guidance as the specification requires “picking and choosing” to 
identify the dose amounts of GDC-0199 because the single paragraph in 
column 24 of the ’087 patent identifies the particular dose series of 100 mg, 
200 mg, or “more”, and where 400 mg was the only option recited in the 
 
3 We do note that in another location the ’087 patent teaches GDC-0199 
dose ranges with higher amounts where the doses “can be about 10 mg to 
about 1,000 mg, about 20 mg to about 800 mg, about 20 mg to about 500 
mg, or between about 50 mg to about 300 mg.” Ex. 1001, 4:34–37. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
31 
paragraph as “more.” See Ex. 1001, 24:21–29. In addition, we are not 
persuaded by Petitioner’s attempt to cabin the reasoning of Rai Strategic 
Holdings, Inc. v. Philip Morris Products S.A., 92 F.4th 1085 (Fed. Cir. 
2024) as “inapposite. RAI involved bounded ranges and the question of 
whether a claim reciting a closed narrow range of percentages could be 
supported by a description of other broader ranges of percentages.” Pet. 
Second Suppl. Brief at 1. 
Rai states: 
Some background discussion of our precedent on written 
description support for range claims is helpful. In In re Wertheim, 
our predecessor court held that a set of claims that recited a 
narrower claimed range than the range specified in the 
specification had written description support. 541 F.2d 257, 264–
65 (C.C.P.A. 1976). . . . The claims at issue related to a process 
for making freeze-dried instant coffee and required the solids 
content of the concentrated coffee extract to be “between 35% 
and 60%” (claims 2, 4, 37, and 38). Id. at 261–62. The 
specification disclosed a broader solids content range of 25% to 
60% and provided examples of specific embodiments with solid 
contents of 36% or 50%. Id. at 262. 
The Wertheim court explained that in determining whether 
the written description requirement is met, “[m]ere comparison 
of ranges is not enough,” and that instead, “we must decide 
whether the invention appellants seek to protect by their claims 
is part of the invention that appellants have described as theirs in 
the specification.” Id. at 263. . . . Ultimately, the court disagreed 
with the Board that the narrower claimed range of “between 35% 
and 60%” lacked written description support because that 
limitation was “within the described broad range of 25% to 60%” 
and “there [was] no evidence ... that there [was] ... any distinction 
... between the claimed lower limit of solids *1089 content and 
that disclosed in the Swiss application.” Id. at 264. 
Rai, 92 F.4th at 1088–89. Rai then describes the situation at issue as whether 
the specification of the “patent provides written description support for a 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
32 
heating member with ‘a length of about 75% to about 85% of a length of the 
disposable aerosol forming substance’ as required by the claims.” Id. at 
1090. Based on a specification that does expressly disclose both endpoints 
and where “nothing in the specification indicates that changing the length of 
the heating member changes the invention, whether as to operability, 
effectiveness, or any other parameter,” Rai concluded that “there is no 
evidence that the claimed subrange results in a different invention than the 
invention disclosed in the specification.” Id. at 1090–91. 
 
Applying Rai and Wertheim to the instant facts, we agree with Patent 
Owner that, factually and legally, in the ’087 patent “the claimed dosages of 
100 mg, 200 mg, and/or 400 mg of GDC-0199 are adequately supported.” 
PO Second Suppl. Brief 2 (citing PO Resp. 11, 27–29; PO Sur-reply 19, 21–
22; Ex. 1001, 24:20–29.) In particular, the ’087 patent describes all three 
specific dosage values 100 mg, 200 mg, and 400 mg in the context of an 
escalating drug dosage series and Petitioner points to no persuasive 
statements in the specification that dispute either the effectiveness or the 
operability of GDC-0199 at any of these dosages. 
We recognize, but find unpersuasive, Petitioner’s reliance on Indivior 
UK Ltd. v. Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, 18 F.4th 1323, 1325 (Fed. Cir. 2021) 
to broadly paint the invention of the ’087 patent as unpredictable. See Pet. 
Second Suppl. Brief at 1–2. Indivior dealt with a situation where neither 
endpoints of a range of 40% to 60% were recited in the patent and there 
were inconsistent statements regarding functional values. See id. at 1328–29. 
Indeed, Indivior noted that “the range was not expressly claimed in the [] 
application; if it had been, that could have constituted written description 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
33 
support.” Id. at 1328. Here, the specific dosages were expressly recited 
together in the ’087 patent. See Ex. 1001, 24:20–29. 
And also unlike Indivior, this is not a situation where the dosages 
recited in claims 1, 9, and 19 “amounts to cobbling together numbers after 
the fact.” Indivior, 18 F.4th at 1329. Column 24 of the ’087 patent teaches 
“dose amounts of 100 mg, 200mg, 300 mg or more of GDC-0199.” Ex. 
1001, 24:28–29. In that same paragraph, the ’087 patent recites only one 
specific dose value for “or more of GDC-0199” which is 400 mg. See id. at 
24:21. This is express disclosure to use the dosages recited in claims 1, 9, 
and 19, not cobbling together. 
We also recognize, but find unpersuasive, Petitioner’s assertion that 
because the dose regimen affects efficacy, the disclosure of particular doses 
in the ’087 patent is insufficient for written descriptive purposes. See Pet. 
Second Suppl. Brief at 2. This argument goes to enablement more than 
description, and as we have already noted “[i]t is well established that a 
patent may be secured, and typically is secured, before the conclusion of 
clinical trials.” In re Montgomery, 67 F.3d 1375, 1382 (Fed. Cir. 2012). The 
’087 expressly recognizes the well known fact that “the actual dosage will 
depend upon the judgment of the physician, the condition of the patient, and 
the effectiveness of the therapeutic method.” Ex. 1001, 19:13–16. But unlike 
Indivior, the particular dosages for GDC-0199 recited in the claims find 
express support in the ’087 patent and there were several animal studies 
showing that dosages of GDC-0199 effectively reduced tumor growth as 
desired. See, e.g., id. at 25:33–35, Figs. 4 and 5 that show GDC-0199 alone 
reduced tumor growth relative to control. Thus, ordinary physician would 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
34 
have reasonably expected some degree of efficacy for the recited dosages 
based on the disclosures in the ’087 patent. 
We also recognize Petitioner’s assertion that “the ’087 specification 
does not provide adequate guidance for several reasons: (1) it does not teach 
which combinations would work or mitigate TLS; (2) it does not say how 
escalation works or why to do it; and (3) it does not disclose which 
escalations are the invention”, but find that argument unpersuasive. Pet. 
Second Suppl. Brief at 3. 
As to points (1) and (2), the ’087 patent explains that “the dose-
finding stage will evaluate whether the administration of GDC-0199 . . . will 
result in a lower incidence of infusion reactions.” Ex. 1001, 26:5–8. 
Therefore, the ’087 patent provides guidance as to why dose escalation is 
performed with GDC-0199. Dr. Oleksowicz notes that a physician would 
recognize regarding escalating doses that 
It’s giving a subtherapeutic dose, the purpose of which is to 
initiate a low level of tumor lysis syndrome, a very low level of 
tumor necrosis, tumor lysis such that the toxins released from the 
tumor do not overwhelm the kidney or cause a cardiac 
arrhythmia, which would happen if you gave a large dose. 
Ex. 2026, 94:6–12. We also note that none of the claims recite any 
requirement to treat tumor lysis syndrome (TLS) and therefore this argument 
is not consistent with the claim limitations. 
 
As to point (3), the disclosure of “dose amounts of 100 mg, 200mg, 
300 mg or more of GDC-0199” along with the disclosure of a 400 mg dose 
in the same paragraph reasonably discloses these dose escalations as the 
invention. See Ex. 1001, 24:28–29. 
 
We find Petitioner’s argument purporting to limit the disclosure of the 
’087 patent to combination therapies directly inconsistent with the plain text 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
35 
in the ’087 patent. The ’087 patent recognizes “GDC-0199 alone can be 
administered to the human in the absence of the GA101 antibody, or the 
GA101 antibody alone can be administered to the patient in the absence of 
GDC-0199.” Ex. 1001, 4:46–49. That the ’087 patent teaches alternatives 
of administering a GA101 antibody and/or GDC-0199 in multiple dosing 
cycles demonstrates possession by the ’087 patent of three alternative 
treatments: GA101 antibody and GDC-0199 together; GA101 antibody 
alone; and GDC-0199 alone. Id. at 4:10–17. 
 
We find that claims 1, 9, and 19 encompass therapies with either 
GDC-0199 alone or in combination with the GA101 antibody because each 
of these claims uses the transitional term “comprising” that is “inclusive or 
open-ended and does not exclude additional, unrecited elements or method 
steps.” Georgia-Pacific Corp. v. US. Gypsum Co., 195 F.3d 1322, 1327 
(Fed. Cir. 1999). Claims 1, 9, and 19 therefore do not exclude combination 
treatment with the GA101 antibody in addition to the recited dose escalation 
with GDC-0199, although combination treatment is not required by these 
claims. 
 
Petitioner does not persuade us that Figure 2 of the ’087 patent alone 
fails to demonstrate benefit of priority for the invention of claims 1, 9, and 
19. Rather, Figure 2 of the ’087 patent exemplifies administration of GDC-
0199 alone to chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients in escalating doses 
with 50 mg per day during a first week and 100 mg per day during a second 
week as required by claim 19 of the ’087 patent. Ex. 1001, Figure 2; Ex. 
1001, 26:67–27:1. That further therapeutic interventions may be performed 
are irrelevant. For purposes of claiming benefit of priority, claims 1, 9, and 
19 need not include every embodiment in the disclosure of the ’087 patent so 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
36 
long as there is clear written description and enablement of the claimed 
invention. “That claims are interpreted in light of the specification does not 
mean that everything expressed in the specification must be read into all the 
claims.” Raytheon Co. v. Roper Corp., 724 F.2d 951, 957 (Fed. Cir. 1983). 
We therefore do not read the combination therapy into claims 1, 9, and 19 
when the ’087 patent suggests that GDC-0199 alone may be administered 
for some period of time. Ex. 1001, Figure 2. 
Indeed, “[e]ven when the specification describes only a single 
embodiment, the claims of the patent will not be read restrictively unless the 
patentee has demonstrated a clear intention to limit the claim scope using 
‘words or expressions of manifest exclusion or restriction.’” Liebel-
Flarsheim Co. v. Medrad, Inc., 358 F.3d 898, 906 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (quoting 
Teleflex, Inc. v. Ficosa N. Am. Corp., 299 F.3d 1313, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 
2002))). Here, Petitioner has identified no clear intention in the ’087 patent 
or in the ’087 patent prosecution that suggests limiting claims 1, 9, and 19 to 
combination therapy. As the evidence shows, the ’087 patent expressly 
suggests “administering to said human a GA101 antibody and/or GDC-0199 
in multiple dosing cycles.” Ex. 1001, 4:12–17. The ’087 patent teaches 
“GDC-0199 alone can be administered to the human in the absence of the 
GA101 antibody.” Ex. 1001, 4:46–48. 
 
We are not persuaded that Petitioner’s cited case law supports its 
written description position on claims 1, 9, and 19 either. As Petitioner 
notes, the issue in Gentry Gallery was that “the specification itself only 
described sofas ‘having controls on the console.’” Pet. 37; citing Gentry 
Gallery, Inc. v. Berkline Corp., 134 F.3d 1473, 1478–79 (Fed. Cir. 1998). 
However, the ’087 patent does not limit the treatment method to a single 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
37 
embodiment, but expressly recognizes “GDC-0199 alone can be 
administered to the human in the absence of the GA101 antibody.” Ex. 
1001, 4:45–49. Thus, the instant fact pattern differs from Gentry Gallery 
because here there is specific disclosure of the administration of “dose 
amounts of 100 mg, 200mg, 300 mg or more of GDC-0199” along with the 
disclosure of a 400 mg dose in the same paragraph reasonably discloses 
these dose escalations as the invention. See id. at 24:28–29. 
We also find Petitioner’s reliance on ICU Medical unavailing as there 
“the specification describes only medical valves with spikes.” ICU Medical, 
Inc. v. Alaris Medical Systems, Inc., 558 F.3d 1368, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2009). 
The ’087 patent expressly describes that “GDC-0199 alone can be 
administered to the human in the absence of the GA101 antibody.” Ex. 
1001, 4:45–49. Moreover, the ’087 patent exemplifies a situation where for 
three weeks GDC-0199 is administered alone. Ex. 1001, 26:25–33. 
Accordingly, we find that on the current record Petitioner has not 
persuasively shown that claims 1, 9, and 19 fail to comply with the written 
description requirement. 
b. Claims 4, 14, and 25 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence demonstrates Petitioner 
has not established that dependent claims 4, 14, and 25 of the ’087 patent 
should not be entitled to benefit of priority to the ’087 or earlier priority 
Specifications prior to the publication of the November 2018 Venclexta 
label. That is, claims 4, 14, and 25 are entitled to a priority date prior to 
November 2018. 
Claims 4, 14, and 25 include the additional limitation that the “method 
is continued until disease progression.” The ’087 patent teaches 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
38 
GDC-0199 monotherapy may be continued in patients beyond 6-
7 cycles of combination treatment described above (e.g., if they 
have acceptable toxicity and have not yet achieved maximal 
clinical 
response 
(i.e., 
are 
having 
continued 
improvement/reduction in tumor burden that has not yet 
stabilized for at least 2 months)). Such patients may continue 
GDC-0199 monotherapy until they have achieved maximal 
response. 
Ex. 1001, 26:25–32. 
 
The Court has explained that “an ipsis verbis disclosure of a claimed 
subgenus is not necessary to satisfy the written description requirement of 
§ 112.” Regents of the Univ. of Minn. v. Gilead Scis., Inc., 61 F.4th 1350, 
1357 (Fed. Cir. 2023). Rather, “the disclosure need only reasonably convey 
to persons skilled in the art that the inventor had possession of the subject 
matter in question.” Fujikawa v. Wattanasin, 93 F.3d 1559, 1570 (Fed. Cir. 
1996). 
 
Having considered Petitioner’s and Patent Owner’s positions in light 
of controlling precedent such as Regents and Fujikawa, we are not 
persuaded by Petitioner’s contention that the language in the ’087 patent 
“refers only to stopping after a fixed period or continuing if various 
conditions permit—not stopping at the point of ‘disease progression’ as 
claimed.” Pet. Reply 25. Rather, we find the statements in the ’087 patent to 
continue treatment with GDC-0199 monotherapy until maximal response 
has occurred or continued improvement in tumor burden to be equivalent to 
continuing until the treatment is no longer effective as shown by disease 
progression. This understanding is consistent with Dr. Oleksowicz’ 
statement that “[d]isease progression clinically means the patient is no 
longer responding to the therapy which they are being given.” Ex. 2009, 
99:10–12. We also credit Dr. Sharman’s statement that: 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
39 
In my opinion, a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood the meaning of this term, as it would have frequently 
appeared in lymphoma studies. It was known to a person of 
ordinary skill in the art that one normally treats a patient while it 
provides benefits, and to maximal response. This concept is 
expressly provided in the specification of the ’087 patent, which 
describes how patients may be treated until achieving maximum 
clinical response. 
Ex. 2009 ¶ 188. 
Accordingly, we find that on the current record Petitioner has not 
persuasively shown that claims 4, 14, and 25 fail to comply with the written 
description requirement. 
c. Claims 2, 3, 8, 10–13, 18, and 20–24 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence demonstrates Petitioner 
has not established that dependent claims 2, 3, 8, 10–13, 18, and 20–24 of 
the ’087 patent should not be entitled to benefit of priority to the ’087 or 
earlier priority Specifications prior to the publication of the November 2018 
Venclexta label. That is, claims 2, 3, 8, 10–13, 18, and 20–24 are entitled to 
a priority before November 2018. 
 
Claims 2, 3, 8, 10–13, 18, and 20–24 are drawn to dosing cycles of 
one day, to multiple dosing cycles, and to the use of two or three different 
doses including 100 mg, 200 mg, and 400 mg of GDC-0199. 
 
Petitioner does not specifically address claims 3, 10, 13, 20, and 24. 
Petitioner asserts that claim 21 requires a 100 mg starting does but “Example 
2 and Figures 2-3 depict no such starting dose.” Pet. 41. Petitioner contends 
that claims 2, 8, 11, 12, 18, 22, and 23 require a daily dose schedule but 
“Example 2 and Figures 2-3 do not describe daily ramp-up doses but rather 
weekly dosing cycles.” Pet. 40. 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
40 
 
Patent Owner contends: 
The ’087 specification provides written description support for 
claims 2, 3, 8, 12, 13, 18, 23, and 24, which add limitations 
related to daily ramp-up. Claims 2, 12 and 23 require that “each 
dosing cycle is one day.” (Ex. 1001 at 35:35-36, 36:26- 27, 
36:60-61.) Claims 3, 13 and 24 claim that “a starting dose of the 
escalating doses is administered for one dosing cycle and an 
ending dose of the escalating doses is administered in multiple 
dosing cycles.” (Id. at 35:37-40, 36:28-31, 36:62-65.) Claim 18 
adds the limitation that the patient is administered “100 mg of 
GDC-0199 per day for one day, followed by 200 mg of GDC-
0199 per day for one day.” (Id. at 36:42-44.) Claim 8 adds the 
same limitations as claim 18, and also adds that the 200 mg dose 
is followed “by a 400 mg dose of GDC-0199 per day.” (Id. at 
35:51-54.) 
PO Resp. 41. 
 
As to claim 21, the ’087 patent states “[i]n certain embodiments , the 
amount of GDC-0199 per dose administered to the patients begins with 50 
mg or 100 mg.” Ex. 1001, 24:22–24. We find this to be an express teaching 
of a 100 mg starting dose, providing descriptive support for claim 21. 
 
As to the daily dosing requirement of claims 2, 8, 11, 12, 18, 22, and 
23, the disclosure of the ’087 patent is not limited to Example 2 and figures 
2 and 3 as asserted by Petitioner, but rather encompasses the entire 
disclosure within the ’087 patent. The ’087 patent teaches that “[i]n certain 
embodiments of the methods of treatment provided herein, GDC-0199 is 
administered once per day of a dosing cycle.” Ex. 1001, 23:34–36. The ’087 
patent also states that a “dosing cycle is usually about 1, 2, . . . or 30 days.” 
Id. at 16:66–17:1. Finally, the ’087 patent notes that “where GDC-0199 
alone is administered to the patient following combination therapy, GDC-
0199 can, for example, be administered once a day, once every other day, 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
41 
once every three days, four, five or six days, or once a week, to the patient.” 
Id. at 23:60–64. 
 
Dr. Sharman finds, based on these details in the ’087 patent, that a 
“person of ordinary skill in the art in my opinion would also have recognized 
that each dose amount in the dose escalation could be effectively 
administered once per day for one day before stepping up to the next dose on 
the following day.” Ex. 2009 ¶ 173. And while Dr. Oleksowicz asserts “in 
my experience it is impossible for a ‘dosing cycle’ in the treatment of cancer 
to last only ‘one day,’” Dr. Oleksowicz tellingly does not assert that this 
treatment is not described in the ’087 patent. See, e.g., Ex. 1020 ¶ 121. 
Rather, Dr. Oleksowicz states the particular examples do not use these 
dosing regimens. See, e.g., id. ¶ 122. At most, Dr. Oleksowicz states that, for 
example, there is disclosure of “dosing periods or cycles only in lengthy lists 
without other guidance.” Id. ¶ 107. 
 
We credit Dr. Sharman and conclude that a preponderance of the 
evidence supports finding that each of these claims is described by the ’087 
patent. Accordingly, we find that on the current record Petitioner has not 
persuasively shown that claims 2, 3, 8, 10–13, 18, and 20–24 fail to comply 
with the written description requirement. 
d. Claim 26 
We find that a preponderance of the evidence demonstrates Petitioner 
has not established that dependent claim 26 of the ’087 patent should not be 
entitled to benefit of priority to the ’087 or earlier priority Specifications 
prior to the publication of the November 2018 Venclexta label. That is, 
claim 26 is entitled to a priority date before November 2018. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
42 
 
Claim 26 is drawn combination treatment with GDC-0199 and 
cytarabine. Ex. 1001, 37:1–2. 
 
Petitioner contends “Claim 26 requires co-administration ‘with 
cytarabine,’ but no such example exists. But cytarabine is merely listed 
among a laundry list of ‘other’ agents that ‘may be used in’ the ‘combination 
treatment.’” Pet. 41 (citing Ex. 1001, 18:13-62; Ex. 1007, [0078]-[0079]). 
Petitioner contends “the full scope of claim 26 includes administering just 
two: GDC-0199 and cytarabine. Yet it provides no description, much less 
guidance, on how one would administer a GDC-0199-and-cytarabine 
treatment omitting the antibody component.” Id. (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 136-41, 
166-69). 
 
Patent Owner contends 
the ’087 specification states that “[i]n the context of this 
invention, additional other cytotoxic, chemotherapeutic or anti-
cancer agents . . . may be used in the type II anti-CD20 antibody 
and Bcl-2 inhibitor combination treatment of CD20 expressing 
cancer.” (Id. at 18:13-17.) The ’087 specification states that 
“[s]uch agents include, for example: . . . cytarabine (Ara-C).” (Id. 
at 18:24-32.) . . . Cytarabine has been a standard of care for AML 
patients since 1970s and, as such, a POSA would have a vast 
knowledge concerning the use of cytarabine in oncology 
treatments and would have known how to administer a 
combination treatment of GDC-0199 and cytarabine. (Ex. 2025 
at 569; Ex. 2009 at ¶¶ 196-197; Ex. 2026 at 105:12-107:16. 
PO Resp. 50. 
 
We find unpersuasive Petitioner’s contentions regarding the absence 
of working examples in the ’087 patent regarding the use of cytarabine. “We 
have made clear that the written description requirement does not demand 
either examples or an actual reduction to practice; a constructive reduction to 
practice that in a definite way identifies the claimed invention can satisfy the 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
43 
written description requirement.” Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 598 
F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 2010) (en banc). 
 
Dr. Oleksowicz states: 
The ’379 provisional does not describe administering GDC-0199 
alone in combination with cytarabine, without a type II anti-
CD20 antibody. It mentions cytarabine only once, at paragraph 
[0079], among a laundry list of cytotoxic, chemotherapeutic, and 
anti-cancer agents. See Ex. 1007, [0079]. This mention comes 
outside the context of any particular dosing regimen of GDC-
0199 and specifically describes cytarabine as a third active agent 
that could be administered. 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 138. Dr. Oleksowicz noted, in her deposition: 
All physicians treating blood cancers would be well acquainted 
with cytarabine. And it is not one size fits all. Depending on the 
situation it can be used differently. Cytarabine can be used for 
induction in aggressive AML’s. In this case it’s being used in 
patients with AML that are unfit to receive a dosing therapy. We 
can also use it as maintenance in patients that have favorable risk 
as consolidation therapy. The drug has many uses and it's used 
differently depending on the situation. 
Ex. 2026, 106:1–11. 
 
Dr. Sharman states: 
Cytarabine is expressly described in the specification and anyone 
studying a particular disease and potential combination drug is 
going to use a second drug that is effective in that particular 
disease. (See, e.g., Ex. 1001 at 18:13-32). For instance, 
cytarabine was known by a person of ordinary skill in the art to 
be a standard part of treatment of AML for many years, and one 
of limited combination partners. Combined with the express 
disclosure in the specification, and the knowledge of a person of 
ordinary skill in the art, in my opinion the invention of claim 26 
is supported by the specification. 
Ex. 2009 ¶ 195. Dr. Sharman also states a “person of ordinary skill in the art 
would understand that combination treatment is typical in oncology and 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
44 
know that cytarabine had been used in cancer treatment for years. Indeed, 
cytarabine was initially approved by the FDA in 1969.” Id. ¶ 196; cf. Ex. 
1056, 125:9–12. 
 
Capon v. Eshhar, 418 F.3d 1349, 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2005) found “[i]t is 
not necessary that every permutation within a generally operable invention 
be effective in order for an inventor to obtain a generic claim, provided that 
the effect is sufficiently demonstrated to characterize a generic invention.” 
In Capon, the nucleotide sequences at issue were known in the prior art, and 
the invention used those known sequences in a novel way. See id. at 1358 
(“The chimeric genes here at issue are prepared from known DNA 
sequences of known function.”) 
 
Capon’s reasoning applies to claim 26 of the ’087 patent, as both Dr. 
Oleksowicz and Dr. Sharman acknowledge that cytarabine was well known 
for use in treatment of blood cancers, was known to be used in combination 
therapies, and was expressly disclosed as an optional agent useful in 
combination treatment in the ’087 patent. Ex. 1001, 18:32. 
 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s contention that claim 26 of the 
’087 patent is limited to the administration of “a GDC-0199-and-cytarabine 
treatment omitting the antibody component.” Pet. 41. As noted above, all of 
the claims use the transition phrase “comprising” which is open to additional 
steps such as the inclusion of an antibody component for claims 19–26 in the 
treatment of lymphoma or leukemia. Georgia-Pacific, 195 F.3d at 1327. We 
therefore agree with Patent Owner that claim 26 is not limited to 
embodiments exemplified in the ’087 patent. Liebel-Flarsheim, 358 F.3d at 
906. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
45 
 
Accordingly, we find that on the current record Petitioner has not 
persuasively shown that claim 26 fails to comply with the written description 
requirement. 
B. Anticipation 
1. 
Venclexta Label November 2018 (Ex. 1006) 
Venclexta Label is a product label for venetoclax oral tablets 
including prescribing information for “the treatment of adult patients with 
chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or small lymphocytic lymphoma 
(SLL), with or without 17p deletion, who have received at least one prior 
therapy.” Ex. 1006, 2. Table 1 of the Venclexta Label is reproduced below: 
 
Table 1 explains how to “[a]dminister the VENCLEXTA dose according to 
a weekly ramp-up schedule over 5 weeks to the recommended daily dose of 
400 mg . . . The 5-week ramp-up dosing schedule is designed to gradually 
reduce tumor burden (debulk) and decrease the risk of TLS.” Ex. 1006, 2. 
Venclexta Label teaches “VENCLEXTA in Combination with Low-
Dose Cytarabine.” Ex. 1006, 20 (underlining omitted). 
2. 
Petitioner’s position 
Petitioner contends “claims 1, 9 and 19 are the only independent 
claims of the ’087 patent and recite methods of treating lymphoma or 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
46 
leukemia by administering ‘escalating doses’ of GDC-0199. Supra Sections 
VI.D.4.” Pet. 53. Petitioner contends that 
the 2018 Label disclosed treating “human patients” suffering 
from specific types of lymphoma and leukemia by orally 
administering venetoclax (i.e., “GDC-0199”) to patients using 
specific dosing cycles requiring escalating dose regimens. Ex. 
1006, 1-4; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 248, 250-51, 255, 257-58; see 
also Ex. 1006, 1 . . . For example, a patient being treated for CLL 
or SLL would follow a five-week dose ramp-up schedule in 
Table 1. Ex. 1006, 3; see also Supra Section VI.C.1; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 
250, 257. This “ramp-up” schedule required administering doses 
of 100 mg, 200 mg, and 400 mg per day, just as the independent 
claims of the ’087 patent require. Ex. 1006, 3; see also Ex. 1020 
¶¶ 250, 257. 
Pet. 54–55. Petitioner contends that “like claim 1 of the ’087 patent, each of 
the ‘ramp-up’ dosing schedules disclosed in the 2018 Label could be part of 
a larger dosing cycle. Ex. 1006, 2-4, 8, 11-12; see also Ex. 1020 ¶ 256.” Pet. 
55. 
Petitioner contends, regarding claims 2–4 and 8 of the ’087 patent, 
that 
the 2018 Label contemplated an escalating dosing regimen 
wherein “each dosing cycle is one day” and “a starting dose of 
the escalating doses is administered for one dosing cycle” (i.e., 
100 mg is administered on day 1 only) and “an ending dose of 
the escalating doses is administered in multiple dosing cycles” 
(i.e., either 400 mg or 600 mg is administered on days 4 and 
beyond). Ex. 1006, 3; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 251, 258, 263-64. For 
the same reasons, the 2018 Label disclosed the administration of 
“GDC-0199” in the amounts and intervals recited in claim 8. 
Finally, the 2018 Label also explained that the AML dosing cycle 
and regimen should be continued “until disease progression ... is 
observed.” Ex. 1006, 3; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 251, 258, 263-64. 
Pet. 57. 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
47 
Petitioner contends with regard to claims 10–14 and 18 of the ’087 
patent that “like claim 10, the 2018 Label disclosed the administration of 
‘three differing doses of GDC-0199.’ Ex. 1006, 1-3; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 
250-51, 257-58, 260.” Pet. 58. Petitioner contends “just like claim 11, the 
2018 Label disclosed that each of the ‘ramp-up’ dosing schedules disclosed 
in the 2018 Label could be part of a larger dosing cycle. Ex. 1006, 3; see 
also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 256, 261.” Pet. 58. Petitioner contends “claims 12–14 are 
identical to claims 2-4, setting aside the differences in their dependencies. 
Accordingly, for the reasons set forth above, claims 12-14 are anticipated by 
the 2018 Label.” Pet. 58. Petitioner contends that “claim 18, like claim 8, 
recites that ‘the patient is administered 100 mg of GDC-0199 per day for one 
day, followed by 200 mg of GDC-0199 per day for one day.’ . . . the 2018 
Label disclosed every element of claim 18 for the same reasons set forth 
above.” Pet. 59. 
Petitioner contends with regard to claims 20–26 of the ’087 patent that 
claims 20 and 22 mirror claims 10 and 11, while claims 23-25 
are identical to dependent claims 2-4 and 12-14. For the same 
reasons discussed above, the 2018 Label disclosed the additional 
claim limitations in dependent claims 20 and 22. Supra Section 
VIII.A.3. Similarly, as described above, the 2018 Label disclosed 
all claim limitations recited in claims 23-25. Supra Sections 
VIII.A.1-3; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 260-65. 
Pet. 59–60. Petitioner contends, as to claim 21, that the “2018 Label 
disclosed that the ‘100 mg’ dose of venetoclax was the “starting dose” in the 
larger “ramp-up” dosing schedule. Ex. 1006, 2-4; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 251, 
258, 263-64.” Pet. 60. Petitioner contends, as to claim 26, that “the 2018 
Label disclosed that when used to treat AML, venetoclax may be 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
48 
“administered in combination with cytarabine.” Ex. 1006, 3; see also Ex. 
1020 ¶ 267.” Pet. 60. 
3. 
Patent Owner’s position 
Patent Owner does not specifically dispute that the disclosures of the 
November 2018 Venclexta Label anticipate claims 1–4, 8–14, and 18–26 of 
the ’087 patent. See, generally, Prelim. Resp. Patent Owner contends that 
because the 2013 priority application and the other documents in 
the chain of continuations in this patent family contain identical 
disclosures to the ’087 specification and provide ample written 
description support for and enable the challenged claims. 
Therefore, the November 2018 Venclexta Label—Petitioner’s 
sole alleged anticipatory reference—does not qualify as prior art. 
Prelim. Resp. 15. 
4. 
Analysis 
We have already analyzed whether Petitioner has established that 
claims 1–4, 8–14, and 18–26 of the ’087 patent are entitled to benefit of 
priority prior to the publication of the November 2018 Venclexta label. As 
discussed above, we find that a preponderance of the evidence shows that 
claims 1–4, 8–14, and 18–26 of the ’087 patent are entitled to benefit of 
priority. Therefore, the November 2018 Venclexta label does not qualify as 
prior art to claim 19 and we find that Petitioner does not sufficiently 
establish that 1–4, 8–14, and 18–26 of the ’087 patent are anticipated by a 
preponderance of the evidence. 
XI. CONCLUSION 
We conclude that Petitioner has not established by a preponderance of 
the evidence that claims 1–4, 8–14, 18, and 20–26 of the ’087 patent are 
unpatentable as anticipated by the November 2018 Venclexta Label. 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
49 
In summary: 
 
XII. ORDER 
Accordingly, it is 
ORDERED that claims 1–4, 8–14, 18, and 20–26 have not been 
shown to be unpatentable on the grounds as asserted and instituted in this 
proceeding. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–4, 8–
14, 18, 
20–26 
102 
November 2018 
Venclexta Label 
 
1–4, 8–14, 18, 
20–26 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1–4, 8–14, 18, 
20–26 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2023-00052 
Patent 11,110,087 B2 
 
50 
PETITIONER: 
Brandon White 
Christopher Jones 
Jonathan Tietz 
PERKINS COIE LLP 
white-ptab@perkinscoie.com 
jones-ptab@perkinscoie.com 
tietz-ptab@perkinscoie.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Naveen Modi 
Eric Dittmann 
Daniel Zeilberger 
Katherine Daniel 
Chad Peterman 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
ericdittmann@paulhastings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
katherinedaniel@paulhastings.com 
chadpeterman@paulhastings.com