--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 31 
571-272-7822 
Date: January 18, 2022 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
PACIFIC BIOSCIENCES OF CALIFORNIA, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
PERSONAL GENOMICS TAIWAN, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
Before ERICA A. FRANKLIN, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and MICHAEL 
VALEK, Administrative Patent Judges. 
MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
On June 27, 2020, Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. 
(“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 1, “Pet.”) requesting inter partes review 
of claims 1, 2, 6, 7, 10–22, 24, and 27–36 (“the challenged claims”) of U.S. 
Patent No. 7,767,441 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’441 patent”). See 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 311–319. On October 22, 2020, Personal Genomics Taiwan, Inc. 
(“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response to the Petition. Paper 13 
(“Prelim. Resp.”). On January 19, 2021, we granted institution of an inter 
partes review. See Paper 15, 3–4, 35 (“Dec.”). Patent Owner filed a 
Response on April 13, 2021. Paper 19 (“Resp.”). Petitioner filed a Reply on 
July 6, 2021. Paper 21 (“Reply”). Patent Owner filed its Sur-Reply on 
August 17, 2021. Paper 22 (“Sur-Reply”). An oral hearing was held on 
October 21, 2021. Paper 30 (“Tr.”). 
This is a Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) as to the 
patentability of the challenged claims on which we instituted trial. Based on 
the complete record before us, we determine that Petitioner has not shown, 
by a preponderance of the evidence, that any of claims 1, 2, 6, 7, 10–22, 24, 
or 27–36 are unpatentable. 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Each party identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Pet. 5; Paper 
4, 2. 
C. Related Proceedings 
The parties identify an ongoing court proceeding involving the ’441 
patent: Personal Genomics Taiwan, Inc. v. Pacific Biosciences of 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
3 
California, Inc., No. 19-cv-1810-LPS (D. Del. filed Sept. 26, 2019). Pet. 5, 
Paper 4, 2. 
On June 22, 2020, Petitioner filed a first petition for inter partes 
review of claims 1–6, 9, and 43–58 of the ’441 patent. See Pacific 
Biosciences of California, Inc. v. Personal Genomics Taiwan, Inc., 
IPR2020-01163, Paper 1 (PTAB June 22, 2020) (“1163 Petition”). We 
granted institution of an inter partes review as to claims 1–6, 9, and 43–58. 
See IPR2020-01163, Paper 15, 3–4, 38 (PTAB January 19, 2021). 
D. The ’441 Patent 
The ’441 patent, titled “Bioassay System Including Optical Detection 
Apparatuses, and Method for Detecting Biomolecules,” generally relates to a 
bioassay system including a plurality of optical detection apparatuses that 
can sense the existence of a fluorophore on a single molecule. See Ex. 1001, 
code (54), 3:55–61. The ’441 patent describes the need for a device that 
should be “capable of sequencing single molecules to avoid the known 
difficulty of asynchrony in both the amplification (e.g., drift between the 
sequences of ideally clonal templates) and sequencing (e.g., dephasing of the 
stepwise sequencing reactions amongst the sequencing templates) steps of 
clustered sequencing methods.” Id. at 1:67–2:6. The ’441 patent states that 
“[t]he bioassay system provided by the invention is capable of large-scale 
parallel sequencing reactions, i.e., simultaneously sequencing a large 
number of different nucleic acid templates. Each sequencing reaction uses a 
single molecule as the template (i.e., single molecule sequencing).” Id. at 
2:13–18. The invention provides “direct correspondence of linker sites to 
which the nucleic acids being detected are attached . . . and one or more 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
4 
detecting units (e.g., light detectors), and in part, on the short distance 
between the linker sites and the detecting units.” Id. at 2:21–27. 
Figure 2 of the ’441 patent is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 2 above illustrates an optical detection apparatus. Ex. 1001, 
3:24–26. Optical detection apparatus 20 includes light detector 210 formed 
on substrate 10. Id. at 4:52–60. Light detector 210 may alternatively 
include one or more photoconductive photon detectors, photovoltaic photon 
detectors, or photodiodes. Id. at 5:1–11. Optical detection apparatus 20 may 
also include blind sheet 230 over light detector 210, including pinhole 235 
having a diameter of less than 1,000 nanometers. Id. at 5:12–22. The ’441 
patent further states that “linker site 220 formed proximate to pinhole 235 
may be spaced apart from light detector 210 by a distance H1 of less than or 
equal to 100 micrometers.” Id. at 5:25–28. Optical detection apparatus 20 
may optionally include filter layer 240 and microlens 250 between light 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
5 
detector 210 and blind sheet 230. Id. at 5:31–33. Filter layer 240 may 
include one or more transparent sublayers. Id. at 5:36–38. 
The ’441 patent states that “linker site 220 may be treated to affix a 
single biomolecule 30 thereto.” Ex. 1001, 5:49–50. For example, 
biomolecule 30 may include single stranded DNA molecule 32, affixed to 
linker site 220 with end link primer 34. Id. at 5:50–54. DNA molecule 32 
may be labeled with fluorophore 36. Id. at 5:54–55. The ’441 patent also 
states that “[w]hen excited by excitation light of a first wavelength λ1, 
fluorophore 36 may emit fluorescent light of a second wavelength λ2.” Id. 
at 5:55–57. Furthermore, “[l]ight detector 210 then detects the fluorescent 
light emitted from fluorophore 36, so as to identify the type of base that 
fluorophore 36 is attached to, thereby sequentially determining the sequence 
of DNA molecule 32.” Id. at 5:60–64. 
E. Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1, 2, 6, 7, 10–22, 24, and 27–36 of the 
’441 patent. Claims 1, 2, and 6 are also challenged in IPR2020-01163. 
Claims 1 and 12 are independent. Claims 2, 6, 7, and 10 depend from 
claim 1. Claim 10 recites an optical detection system comprising at least 
10,000 apparatuses as recited by claim 1. Claims 16 and 30 recite methods 
for sequencing a nucleic acid or detecting a biomolecule, respectively, using 
the apparatus of claim 1. 
Claim 1 is illustrative and recites: 
1. An apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule, 
comprising: 
a substrate having a light detector; and 
a linker site formed over the light detector, the linker site 
being treated to affix the biomolecule to the linker site; 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
6 
wherein the linker site is proximate to the light detector and 
is spaced apart from the light detector by a distance of less 
than or equal to 100 micrometers. 
Ex. 1001, 26:11–19. 
F. Prior Art and Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 6, 7, 10–22, 24, and 27–36 would 
have been unpatentable based on the following grounds: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1, 7, 10–16, 18, 19, 
21, 22, 24, 27, 30–36 
102(b)1 
Hassibi2 
1, 7, 10–16, 18, 19, 
21, 22, 24, 27, 30–36 
103(a) 
Hassibi in view of the skill of a 
POSA (Person of Ordinary Skill in 
the Art) 
17, 20 
103(a) 
Hassibi and Korlach3 
28, 29 
103(a) 
Hassibi in view of the skill of a 
POSA 
21, 22, 24 
103(a) 
Hassibi and Cheeseman4 
1, 2, 6 
102(b) 
Blumenfeld5 
1, 2, 6 
103(a) 
Blumenfeld in view of the skill of a 
POSA 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”) included amendments to 
35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103. Because the ’441 patent issued from an 
application filed before the effective date of these amendments, we apply the 
pre-AIA versions of §§ 102 and 103. 
2 Hassibi et al., US 2004/0197793 A1, published Oct. 7, 2004 (Ex. 1005, 
“Hassibi”). 
3 Korlach et al., US 7,361,466 B2, issued April 22, 2008 (Ex. 1006, 
“Korlach”). 
4 Cheeseman, US 5,302,509, issued April 12, 1994 (Ex. 1040, 
“Cheeseman”). 
5 Blumenfeld et al., US 2002/0018199 A1, published Feb. 14, 2002 
(Ex. 1007, “Blumenfeld”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
7 
Petitioner submits the Declaration of Dean P. Neikirk, Ph.D. in 
support of its positions. See Ex. 1003. Patent Owner submits the 
Declaration of Timothy D. Harris, Ph.D. See Ex. 2008. 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Principles of Law 
1. Burden 
In an inter partes review, the burden of proof is on the Petitioner to 
show that the challenged claims are unpatentable, and that burden never 
shifts to the patentee. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, 
Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1375 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (citing Dynamic Drinkware, LLC 
v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
2. Anticipation 
To establish anticipation, each and every element in a claim, arranged 
as recited in the claim, must be found in a single prior art reference. Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008); 
Karsten Mfg. Corp. v. Cleveland Golf Co., 242 F.3d 1376, 1383 (Fed. Cir. 
2001). “A reference anticipates a claim if it discloses the claimed invention 
‘such that a skilled artisan could take its teachings in combination with his 
own knowledge of the particular art and be in possession of the invention.’” 
In re Graves, 69 F.3d 1147, 1152 (Fed. Cir. 1995) (internal citation and 
emphasis omitted). Moreover, “it is proper to take into account not only 
specific teachings of the reference but also the inferences which one skilled 
in the art would reasonably be expected to draw therefrom.” In re Preda, 
401 F.2d 825, 826 (CCPA 1968); see Eli Lilly and Co. v. Los Angeles 
Biomedical Res. Inst. at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, 849 F.3d 1073, 
1074–75 (Fed. Cir. 2017). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
8 
An apparatus claim covers “what a device is, not what a device does.” 
ParkerVision, Inc v. Qualcomm Inc., 903 F.3d 1354, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2018) 
(citation omitted). 
As a result, “[a]n invention need not operate differently 
than the prior art to be patentable, but need only be different”—
or, rather, “unobviously different.” A corollary of these 
principles is that an apparatus that is “capable of” performing 
certain functions may be anticipated by or obvious in view of a 
prior art apparatus that can likewise perform these functions. 
Indeed, “depending on the claims, ‘an accused device may be 
found to infringe if it is reasonably capable of satisfying the 
claim limitations, even though it may also be capable of 
noninfringing modes of operation. Similarly, a prior art 
reference may also anticipate or render obvious an apparatus 
claim—depending on the language of the claim—if the 
reference discloses an apparatus that is reasonably capable of 
operating so as to meet the claim limitations, even if it does not 
meet the claim limitations in all modes of operation. 
Id. (citations omitted). 
3. Obviousness 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that 
the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said 
subject matter pertains (“POSA” or “POSITA”). KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex 
Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on 
the basis of underlying factual determinations including: (1) the scope and 
content of the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed subject 
matter and the prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
9 
objective evidence of nonobviousness.6 Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 
U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). In determining obviousness when all elements of a 
claim are found in various pieces of prior art, “the factfinder must further 
consider the factual questions of whether a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would be motivated to combine those references, and whether in making that 
combination, a person of ordinary skill would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success.” Dome Patent L.P. v. Lee, 799 F.3d 1372, 1380 
(Fed. Cir. 2015); see also WMS Gaming, Inc. v. Int’l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 
1339, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (“When an obviousness determination relies on 
the combination of two or more references, there must be some suggestion 
or motivation to combine the references.”). “Both the suggestion and the 
expectation of success must be founded in the prior art, not in the applicant’s 
disclosure.” In re Dow Chemical Co., 837 F.2d 469, 473 (Fed. Cir. 1988). 
An obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take 
account of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would employ.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418; see In re Translogic Tech, 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1259 (Fed. Cir. 2007). In KSR, the Supreme Court also 
stated that an invention may be found obvious if trying a course of conduct 
would have been obvious to a POSITA: 
When there is a design need or market pressure to solve a 
problem and there are a finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions, a person of ordinary skill has good reason to pursue 
the known options within his or her technical grasp. If this leads 
to the anticipated success, it is likely the product not of 
innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense. In that 
 
6 Patent Owner also does not present any objective evidence of 
nonobviousness. See generally Resp. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
10 
instance the fact that a combination was obvious to try might 
show that it was obvious under § 103. 
550 U.S. at 421. “KSR affirmed the logical inverse of this statement by 
stating that § 103 bars patentability unless ‘the improvement is more than 
the predictable use of prior art elements according to their established 
functions.’” In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1359–60 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
the above-stated principles. 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
We consider the asserted grounds of unpatentability in view of the 
understanding of a person of ordinary skill in the art. KSR Int’l Co. v. 
Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 399 (2007) (stating that obviousness is 
determined against the backdrop of the scope and content of the prior art, the 
differences between the prior art and the claims at issue, and the level of 
ordinary skill in the art). Factual indicators of the level of ordinary skill in 
the art include “the various prior art approaches employed, the types of 
problems encountered in the art, the rapidity with which innovations are 
made, the sophistication of the technology involved, and the educational 
background of those actively working in the field.” Jacobson Bros., Inc. v. 
U.S., 512 F.2d 1065, 1071 (Ct. Cl. 1975); see also Orthopedic Equip. Co. v. 
U.S., 702 F.2d 1005, 1011 (Fed. Cir. 1983) (quoting with approval Jacobson 
Bros.). 
In our Decision on Institution, we applied Petitioner’s proposed 
definition of one skilled in the art as an individual with “(1) at least [a] 
Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science degree in biology, biochemistry, 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
11 
applied physics, or a similar degree,” and (2) “at least 1-2 years of 
experience in the field of optics and sensors.” Dec. 10. 
 
In the Response, Patent Owner argues that the person of ordinary skill 
in the art should also have 1–2 years of experience in “molecular 
sequencing, including handling and sequencing of nucleic acids.” Resp. 2 
(citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 23). Patent Owner supports this contention by citing to 
various discussions throughout the Specification of the ’441 patent referring 
to the sequencing of nucleic acids. See id. at 2–3 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 16–
23). Patent Owner also contends that the language recited in the claims 
supports this definition. Id. at 3. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Neikirk, does not 
have the corresponding experience in molecular sequencing. See Resp. 3. 
Accordingly, Patent Owner contends that Dr. Neikirk’s opinions relating to 
molecular sequencing in the claims and the prior art, “should be accorded 
little or no weight.” Id. at 3–4. 
 
We find Petitioner has the better argument. The claims at issue in this 
inter partes review involve a molecular sensor, its components, or a method 
of using or manufacturing the sensor. See Ex. 1001, 26:11–37, 27:64–30:6. 
An in-depth understanding of molecular sequencing would not be required 
to understand these claims, the ’441 patent, the prior art asserted against 
these claims, or the problems solved by the claimed apparatus and methods. 
Therefore, we will continue to apply Petitioner’s definition of one of skill in 
the art as set forth above. 
Moreover, even under Patent Owner’s proposal for the level of 
ordinary skill, we find that Dr. Neikirk is qualified to offer the opinions in 
his declaration. “There is . . . no requirement of a perfect match between the 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
12 
expert’s experience and the relevant field” and one need “not be a person of 
ordinary skill in the art in order to testify as an expert under Rule 702” so 
long as they are “qualified in the pertinent art.” PTAB Consolidated Trial 
Practice Guide (Nov. 2019) 34 (citing precedent). Here, the record 
demonstrates that Dr. Neikirk is qualified in the art of molecular sensors. 
See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 4–20; Ex. 1004 (describing Dr. Neikirk’s technical 
background and expert qualifications). Therefore even if one of ordinary 
skill would have had experience in molecular sequencing, as Patent Owner 
proposes, it does not follow that all of the testimony in Dr. Neikirk’s 
declarations should be accorded “little or no weight.” 
C. Claim Construction 
We construe claims using the same claim construction standard that 
would be used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 282(b). 37 C.F.R. § 42.100 (2019). Therefore, we construe the challenged 
claims under the framework set forth in Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 
1303, 1312–19 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). Under this framework, claim 
terms are given their ordinary and customary meaning, as would be 
understood by a person of ordinary skill in the art, at the time of the 
invention, in light of the language of the claims, the specification, and the 
prosecution history of record. Id. Only those terms that are in controversy 
need be construed and only to the extent necessary to resolve the 
controversy. See Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co. 
Matal, 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (citing Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. 
Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
At the preliminary stage of the proceeding, Petitioner did not offer any 
express claim constructions for any claim term, see Pet. 10, but Patent 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
13 
Owner did, see Prelim. Resp. 15–27. Patent Owner asserted that the 
preambles of the claims calling for a “identifying a single biomolecule” are 
limiting, and each of the claims requires a “linker site” to which a “single 
biomolecule” is affixed. Prelim. Resp. 15–27. 
In our Institution Decision, we did not determine whether the 
preamble limits the claims to identifying a single biomolecule because we 
found that, on the preliminary record, Hassibi discloses an apparatus for 
identifying a single biomolecule. Dec. 12. We did interpret, however, the 
claims phrase “to affix the biomolecule” as referring to affixing “a single 
biomolecule.” Dec. 13 n.13. 
We also addressed the construction of the claim limitation “a linker 
site formed over the light detector, the linker site being treated to affix the 
biomolecule to the linker site.” We stated that “[a]lthough the challenged 
apparatus claims are ‘capable of’ affixing a single biomolecule to the linker 
site, the structure of the apparatus is not limited to being capable of affixing 
only a single biomolecule to the linker site.” Id. at 13–14 (citing claim 30). 
In the Response, Patent Owner again argues that the preamble of 
claim 1 is limited to apparatuses “for identifying a single biomolecule.” See 
Resp. 4–14. Patent Owner also argues that the challenged claims require “a 
linker site” treated to affix a single biomolecule to be identified by the 
apparatus. Id. at 10–11. Patent Owner further argues that the claim phrase 
“linker site formed over the light detector” at least requires that “the linker 
site be configured directly or indirectly on top of, upon, or above” the light 
detector. Id. at 14–16. 
 We discuss below each of these claim terms or phrases and the 
parties’ arguments with respect to the same. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
14 
1. Preamble Effect – Identifying a Single Biomolecule 
Patent Owner argues that the preamble of claim 1 limits the claims to 
identifying a single biomolecule. See Resp. 4–16. Patent Owner contrasts 
an apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule with an apparatus for 
identifying multiple copies of a biomolecule in an ensemble. Id. at 9–10 
(citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 43). First, Patent Owner argues that the preamble 
provides antecedent basis for “the biomolecule” referenced in the bodies of 
the claims. Id. at 4–6 (citing CW Zumbiel Co., Inc. v. Kappos, 702 F. 3d 
1371, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2012)). By relying on the preamble for antecedent 
basis, Patent Owner argues that the claims use both the preambles and 
bodies of the claims to define the invention itself. See id. at 5–6 (citing Bell 
Comms. v. Vitalink Comms. Corp., 55 F.3d 615, 620 (Fed. Cir. 1995)). 
Second, Patent Owner argues that the preambles recite a fundamental 
characteristic of the invention, i.e., identifying a single biomolecule. Resp. 
6–9 (citing On Demand Machine Corp. v. Ingram Indus., Inc., 442 F.3d 
1331, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (finding the preamble at issue there limited the 
claims because it stated the framework of the invention and was fundamental 
to the invention)). 
Patent Owner argues that, similar to On Demand, “the specification of 
the ’441 patent describes identifying a single biomolecule as fundamental to 
the invention.” Resp. 7. Specifically, Patent Owner argues that “[a]ll of the 
apparatuses in the figures of the ’441 patent are structures for identifying a 
single biomolecule,” and all of the Examples “describe apparatuses for 
detecting a single biomolecule and methods for making and using them, 
including for sequencing a nucleic acid.” Id. at 7–8 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 37–
38). Patent Owner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
15 
have understood these disclosures, combined with the Summary and 
Detailed Description of the Specification, “to communicate that an apparatus 
for identifying a single biomolecule is fundamental to the invention.” Id. at 
8 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 39). 
Patent Owner also asserts that a “single” biomolecule as used in the 
’441 patent and required by the claims “is an exclusive word referring to a 
count of only one.” Resp. 9. Patent Owner concludes that “in view of the 
specification and the claims, the plain and ordinary meaning of ‘[a]n 
apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule’ to a POSA is a structure for 
identifying an individual biomolecule, as opposed to, for example, multiple 
copies of a biomolecule in an ensemble.” Id. (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 40–43; 
Ex. 1001, 2:16–18, 2:30–31, 4:2–4, 5:49–50, 12:36–58, 15:11–13). 
Petitioner responds that the preamble recites “identifying a single 
molecule,” and not “detecting a signal from only a single molecule.” Reply 
2–3. Petitioner asserts that identifying a single molecule can be performed 
by copying a single target molecule and analyzing the signal from a 
collection of identical molecules. See id. Petitioner asserts that Patent 
Owner’s expert confirms this interpretation of “identify” with respect to “the 
well-known Illumina sequencing platform,” which analyzes signal “from a 
collection of identical molecules that have been amplified on a surface.” Id. 
at 3. 
Petitioner asserts that the dependent claims also support its 
interpretation. See Reply 4–6. Specifically, dependent claim 26, recites 
“wherein the nucleic acid is amplified at the linker site before nucleic acid 
sequencing.” Id. at 4. Petitioner asserts that amplifying the nucleic acid 
“expressly contemplates detecting a signal from multiple molecules of the 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
16 
same species.” Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 60). Petitioner also refers to claim 30, 
which recites “affixing one or more biomolecule to the linker site of the 
apparatus of claim 1.” Id. at 5. 
Petitioner further contends that the Specification, prosecution history, 
and extrinsic evidence support its claim interpretation. Reply 6–9. First, 
Petitioner argues that the ’441 patent cites to multiple publications for 
describing “Sequencing Modalities.” Id. at 6–8 (citing Ex. 1001, 12:37–40, 
13:2–4). Petitioner contends that Dr. Harris acknowledges these references 
disclose “techniques in which one detects signal from multiple molecules of 
the same species.” Id. at 6–8 (citing Ex. 1058, 86:16–25, 79:14–80:10, 
83:2–84:15, 88:12–17, 77:9–24 (Harris Deposition)). 
Second, Petitioner contends that the ’441 patent claims the benefit of 
provisional application No. 61/036,652, and the provisional application 
“expressly claims a process ‘wherein a amplification process can be 
included after said nucleic acid binded to said binding site.’” Id. at 8 (citing 
Ex. 1056 at 40). Finally, Petitioner contends that the extrinsic evidence 
supports its position because of Dr. Harris’ previous work at Helicos. Id. at 
8–9 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 8–11). Specifically, Petitioner asserts that Helicos 
previously described an alleged infringing “Illumina platform as carrying out 
‘single molecule sequencing,’” despite the Illumina platform sequencing 
multiple copies of a molecule together. See id. at 9 (citing Ex. 1054 ¶¶ 39, 
137; Ex. 1058, 107:6–9). 
In construing claim terms, we start with the language of the claims 
themselves. See Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1314 (stating “the claims themselves 
provide substantial guidance as to the meaning of particular claim terms”). 
A preamble to a claim should be construed as limiting the scope of the claim 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
17 
“[i]f the claim preamble, when read in the context of the entire claim, recites 
limitations of the claim, or, if the claim preamble is ‘necessary to give life, 
meaning, and vitality’ to the claim.” Pitney Bowes, Inc. v. Hewlett-Packard 
Co. 182 F.3d 1298, 1305 (Fed. Cir. 1999). The Federal Circuit has also 
stated: 
[D]ependence on a particular disputed preamble phrase 
for antecedent basis may limit claim scope because it indicates 
a reliance on both the preamble and claim body to define the 
claimed invention. Likewise, then the preamble is essential to 
understand limitations or terms in the claim body, the preamble 
limits claim scope. 
Catalina Marketing Internat’l v. Coolsavings.com, Inc., 289 F.3d 801, 808 
(Fed. Cir. 2002) (citing Bell, 55 F.3d at 620; Pitney Bowes, 182 F.3d at 
1306). 
Here, we find that the preamble reciting “a single biomolecule” for 
claim 1 provides antecedent basis for the claim term “the biomolecule” that 
is affixed to a linker site and recited in the body of claim 1. See Ex. 1001, 
26:11–18. 
 
Claims must also be read in view of the specification of which they 
are an integral part. See Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1315. The Specification of the 
’441 patent, like the language of the preamble itself, repeatedly refers to the 
detection apparatus as identifying a “single” biomolecule. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1001, 1:67–2:6 (stating devices should be capable of sequencing single 
molecules), 2:16–17 (stating each sequencing reaction uses a single 
molecule as the template), 3:55–4:16 (stating each optical detection 
apparatus 20 may be operated independently to detect and identify a single 
biomolecule, and by integrating a huge number of optical detection 
apparatuses 20 on substrate 10, a huge number of single biomolecules can be 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
18 
detected and identified in parallel). Accordingly, both the claim language 
and the Specification support Patent Owner’s position that the preamble is 
limiting. 
 
We find Petitioner’s argument that the preamble is not limiting and 
that one can “identify” a single molecule from a signal from multiple copies 
of the same molecule is inapposite when the challenged claims are read in 
light of the Specification of the ’441 patent. See Reply 2–4. Although such 
a method for identification of a molecule exists and, as Petitioner identifies, 
is done by the Illumina sequencing platform, that is not what is described in 
the Specification of the ’441 patent and the claims at issue here. See 
Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1317 (“However, while extrinsic evidence ‘can shed 
useful light on the relevant art,’ we have explained that it is ‘less significant 
than the intrinsic record in determining “the legally operative meaning of 
claim language.”’”) (quoting C.R. Bard, Inc. v. U.S. Surgical Corp., 388 
F.3d 858, 862 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
The Specification of the ’441 patent describes a bioassay system in 
which a very large number of the apparatuses described and claimed in the 
’441 patent, in some embodiments over 10,000, are used in parallel “to 
determine, for example, the sequence of a genome or the profile of 
expressed genes in a tissue sample with high throughput.” Ex. 1001, 3:58–
65. In such a bioassay system, the Specification indicates that “[e]ach 
optical detection apparatus may sense the existence of a fluorophore on the 
single molecule by detecting photons emitted from the fluorophore.” Id. at 
3:60–61 (emphasis added). The Specification of the ’441 patent 
contemplates running myriad optical detection apparatuses in parallel to 
detect a single or individual biomolecule in each such apparatus. The fact 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
19 
that other “Sequencing Modalities” are mentioned that may be used with the 
claimed apparatus of the ’441 patent, and which involve the detection of 
signal from multiple molecules of the same species, does not undercut this 
fulsome description of what is disclosed in the ’441 patent. See Reply 6–8. 
Petitioner also points to dependent claims 26 and 30 as supporting its 
view that the challenged claims encompass detection of signal from multiple 
biomolecules of a particular species at a linker site. Reply 5–6. Claim 26 
depends from claim 16, which claims a method of sequencing a nucleic acid, 
comprising the steps of affixing one nucleic acid molecule to the linker site 
of the apparatus of claim 1 and performing nucleic acid sequencing of that 
nucleic acid molecule. Ex. 1001, 26:59–64. Claim 26 adds a step to the 
method of claim 16 “wherein the nucleic acid is amplified at the linker site 
before nucleic acid sequencing.” Id. at 27:20–21. The term “amplified” is 
used nowhere else in the ’441 patent. 
Dr. Neikirk opines that claim 26 “expressly contemplates detecting a 
signal from multiple molecules of the same species.” Reply 4 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 61). Dr. Neikirk opines: 
Those of skill in the art understand that this 
[amplification of the nucleic acid at the linker site before 
sequencing] refers to a process in which a single molecule is 
first located at the linker site and then multiple copies of that 
molecule are generated. Thus, in this case, the signal is 
detected from multiple molecules of the same species. 
Id. 
 
We do not find Dr. Neikirk’s explanation here to be persuasive. 
Dr. Neikirk, who is admittedly not well-versed in molecular sequencing,7 
does not explain how “amplification at the linker site” in the context of 
 
7 Ex. 2009, 89:8–11; 30:22–25; 37:21–22; 38:14–15. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
20 
claim 26 in which only one nucleic acid molecule has been affixed to the 
linker site would mean that a signal is detected from multiple molecules of 
the same species. In particular, even if multiple copies of the molecule are 
made through amplification, claim 26 (by dependency on claim 16) recites 
that only “one nucleic acid molecule” is affixed to the linker site. There is 
no further indication in the claim language concerning what is done with the 
amplified nucleic acid molecules. 
Dr. Neikirk’s opinion assumes that the molecules made through 
amplification must be affixed to the same linker site as the original nucleic 
acid molecule and detected, an assumption that is not supported by the 
record evidence. Moreover, Patent Owner explains how the claimed 
amplification means that the apparatus is still only detecting signal from the 
single affixed molecule. Resp. 10 (“But such amplification does not imply 
that multiple copies of a nucleic acid molecule are then affixed to one linker 
site for detection as an ensemble—particularly given that claim 26 depends 
from claim 16, which expressly requires performing nucleic acid sequencing 
of ‘one nucleic acid molecule’ affixed to the linker of the apparatus of 
claim 1.”) (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 46–48). We credit Patent Owner’s 
interpretation over Petitioner’s because it more closely aligns with the 
surrounding claim language and Specification, as explained above. 
 
Petitioner states that claim 30, which recites “affixing one or more 
biomolecule to the linker site of the apparatus of claim 1,” expressly 
contemplates multiple molecules at the linker site. Reply 5. Petitioner does 
not cite to any testimony from Dr. Neikirk for this argument. 
We agree that claim 30 contemplates using the apparatus of claim 1 in 
a method where more than one molecule is affixed, but that does not mean 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
21 
that the apparatus of claim 1 is incapable of “identifying a single 
biomolecule,” as its preamble recites. Indeed, the fact that Patent Owner 
uses the phrase “a single biomolecule” in claim 1, but “one or more 
biomolecule” in claim 30, suggests their meaning is not coextensive, further 
evidencing that claim 1 should not be construed to encompass an apparatus 
that can only identify multiple biomolecules. 
 
Accordingly, we determine that the preamble of claim 1 is limiting, 
requires an apparatus capable of identifying a single biomolecule, and 
provides antecedent basis for “the biomolecule” as used in the body of the 
independent claims, which should be read as “the single biomolecule” 
introduced in the preamble. 
 
In our Institution Decision, we also addressed the scope of the claims 
as they relate to the linker site limitations, which we have touched on in our 
discussion of claim 30 above. These limitations require generally “a linker 
site formed over the light detector, the linker site being treated to affix the 
biomolecule to the linker site.” See Ex. 1001, 26:14–15. In our Institution 
Decision, we stated: 
The challenged apparatus claims recite a structure that 
includes a linker site being treated8 “to affix the biomolecule” 
thereto, the apparatus thereby being capable of affixing “the 
[single]9 biomolecule” to the linker site. But how the claimed 
apparatus is intended to be employed does not differentiate the 
claimed apparatus from a prior art apparatus if the prior art 
teaches all the structural elements of the claim. Hewlett-
 
8 We noted in our Institution Decision that the Specification does not define 
the term “treated,” but does state that “[a]ppropriate means for affixing 
nucleic acids to a solid support are well known in the art.” Ex. 1001, 11:8–
9. 
9 For the purpose of the Institution Decision, we interpreted the claim phrase 
“to affix the biomolecule” as referring to “a single biomolecule.” 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
22 
Packard Co. v. Bausch & Lomb Inc., 909 F.2d 1464, 1468 (Fed. 
Cir. 1990) (“[A]pparatus claims cover what a device is, not 
what a device does.”). As the Federal Circuit has recently 
reiterated, this means that a prior art reference “may anticipate 
or render obvious an apparatus claim—depending on the claim 
language—if the reference discloses an apparatus that is 
reasonably capable of operating so as to meet the claim 
limitations, even if it does not meet the claim limitations in all 
modes of operation.” ParkerVision, Inc. v. Qualcomm Inc., 903 
F.3d 1354, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2018); see also Ex. 1001, 1:67–2:1 
(“the devices should be ‘capable of’ sequencing single 
molecules”). 
Although the challenged apparatus claims are “capable of” 
affixing a single biomolecule to the linker site, the structure of 
the apparatus is not limited to being capable of affixing only a 
single biomolecule to the linker site. This is evident, at least 
with respect to claim 1, by the recitation of claim 30, viz., 
“affixing one or more biomolecule[s] to the linker site of the 
apparatus of claim 1.” Ex. 1001, 27:32–33; see also Phillips, 
415 F.3d at 1314 (“the claims themselves provide substantial 
guidance as to the meaning of particular claim terms”). We 
further note that all of the challenged apparatus claims include 
the open ended transitional phrase “comprising,” and thus do 
not limit the claimed structure to a linker site that is capable of 
affixing only a single biomolecule for identification thereof. 
See CIAS, Inc. v. Alliance Gaming Corp., 504 F.3d 1356, 1360 
(Fed. Cir. 2007) (“In the patent claim context, the term 
‘comprising’ is well understood to mean ‘including but not 
limited to.’”). 
Dec. 13–14. 
Patent Owner challenges our preliminary determinations concerning 
how to construe the linker site limitations. Patent Owner asserts that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art “would have understood that the ‘linker 
site being treated to affix the [single] biomolecule’ limitation describes a 
structural configuration, not merely a capability.” Resp. 11 (citing Ex. 2008 
¶ 54). Patent Owner argues further that the transitional phrase “comprising,” 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
23 
does not nullify the express recitation of identifying a single biomolecule. 
Id. at 12–13 (citing On Demand, 442 F.3d at 1343–1344). 
Petitioner agrees with our initial assessment set forth above. See Reply 
15–19. Petitioner states: “The claim language here recites ‘apparatus for 
identifying a single biomolecule’ and ‘linker site being treated to affix the 
biomolecule to the linker site.’ Such language mirrors what the Federal 
Circuit has found to recite capability as opposed to configuration.” Id. at 17 
(citing ParkerVision, 903 F.3d at 1362). 
 
We agree with Petitioner that our original construction is correct. 
Examining the claim language is crucial to determine whether it recites a 
mere capability to carry out a function versus a particular configuration to 
carry out the function. See ParkerVision, 903 F.3d at 1361. As the Federal 
Circuit stated in ParkerVision, “[t]he language used in the claims is critical 
to deciding on which side of the line the claims fall.” Id. 
 
Here, the claims describe the required function of “identifying a single 
biomolecule” using an apparatus with (1) a substrate having a light detector 
and (2) a linker site formed over the substrate, being treated to affix the 
biomolecule to the linker site, with the linker site a distance of less than or 
equal to 100 micrometers from the light detector. See Ex. 1001, 26:11–18. 
The structure described includes a substrate with a light detector and a linker 
site over the substrate and no more than 100 micrometers away from the 
light detector. No specific structure is delineated in the claims for the linker 
site that would restrict use of the site for only a single biomolecule. The 
only requirement in the claims is the linker site being treated to affix the 
single biomolecule to it. Such a limitation is more akin to the types of 
claims that the Federal Circuit has deemed to be claim language reciting a 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
24 
capability versus a particular configuration. See Ball Aerosol & Specialty 
Container, Inc. v. Limited Brands, Inc., 555 F.3d 984, 987 (Fed. Cir. 2009) 
(finding noninfringement where claims recited a configuration in which 
protrusions needed to be “resting upon” a cover and alleged infringing 
device was only reasonably capable of such a configuration); Ericsson, Inc. 
v. D-Link Sys., Inc., 773 F.3d 1201, 1217 (Fed. Cir. 2014) (finding claims at 
issue recite capability such as “a processor for arranging information for 
transmission . . . which identifies a type of payload information”). 
Therefore, we conclude that although the challenged claims requiring 
an apparatus “identifying a single biomolecule” are “capable of” affixing a 
single biomolecule to the linker site, we remain persuaded that the structure 
of the apparatus is not limited to being capable of affixing only a single 
biomolecule to the linker site. 
2. Formed Over 
Patent Owner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood “‘a linker site formed over the light detector’ to at least 
require that the linker site be configured directly or indirectly on top of, 
upon, or above and, as some dictionaries articulate it, ‘at a higher level or 
layer than,’ . . . the light detector.” Resp. 14–15 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 59–60; 
Ex. 2012; Ex. 2013). Patent Owner argues that Figure 2 of the ’441 patent 
depicts linker site 220 in a layer of the device above light detector 210. Id. 
at 15–18 (citing Ex. 1001, Fig. 2, 5:33–35; Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 61–62). Patent 
Owner further argues that Figures 1–4 support this interpretation, where a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood formed over as 
meaning “in a layer above.” Id. at 16 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 63–64). 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
25 
Petitioner contends that “formed over” should not be construed to 
require either a “layer” or positioning “above.” See Reply 9–11. For 
example, Petitioner asserts that the Specification does not require that the 
light source be in a layer, and instead discloses embodiments in which “the 
excitation light source may be stand alone from optical detection 
apparatuses 20 or bioassay substrate 10” or “the excitation light source may 
be integrated with optical detection apparatuses 20 or bioassay substrate 10.” 
Id. at 10 (citing Ex. 1001, 7:4–9). Petitioner contrasts claim 49 which 
expressly recites a light emitting layer. See id. (citing claim 49). Petitioner 
further contends that the claims do not recite the term “above,” and that 
interpreting the “formed over” to require “above” “would exclude from the 
scope of the claims disclosed embodiments simply if they are turned upside 
down.” Id. at 10–11 (citing Ex. 1058, 142:15–22, 148:14–15, 154:8–14, 
154:23–155:6, 155:10–15). 
In reviewing the totality of the claim language describing the 
apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule in light of the Specification of 
the ’441 patent, it appears that the term “formed over” describes the close 
proximity of the linker site and the light detector so that the light detector 
can collect light emitted from the biomolecule and the relative positions of 
the linker site as over or above the light detector. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, Abst., 
2:30–41. For instance, in the description of Figure 2 set forth above, see 
supra Section I.D., optical detection apparatus 20 is described as including a 
“light detection 210 formed on substrate 10, and a linker site 220 formed 
over light detector 210” and shows the linker site placed above the light 
detector. Id. at 4:55–57. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
26 
The Specification of the ’441 patent makes clear that the term “over” 
means at a higher level vertically or above. For instance, in discussing 
Figure 3 set forth below, the Specification of the ’441 patent states: 
Referring to FIG. 3, there is illustrated a sectional view 
of optical detection apparatus 20 in accordance with one 
embodiment consistent with the present invention. As shown in 
FIG. 3, blind sheet 230 is formed over light detector 210 and 
vertically spaced apart from light detector 210 by distance H1. 
Blind sheet 230, which has a thickness T, includes pinhole 235 
having a radius R1 (i.e., one-half of diameter D1). In this 
embodiment, linker site 220 may be formed in pinhole 235 to 
bind with a biomolecule (not shown). 
Ex. 1001, 5:65–6:6 (emphases added). 
 
The Specification of the ’441 patent further highlights the meaning of 
“over” by juxtaposing it with forming “under.” For instance, in describing 
optical detection apparatus 20, the Specification of the ’441 patent makes a 
distinction between a component “formed over” or “formed under.” 
Optical detection apparatus 20 may further include a 
filter layer 240 (optional) and a microlens 250 (optional) 
between light detector 210 and blind sheet 230. Although 
FIG. 2 shows filter layer 240 is formed over microlens 250, it is 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
27 
appreciated that filter layer 240 may be formed under microlens 
250. 
Ex. 1001, 5:31–35. Finally, the Specification of the ’441 patent further 
highlights that “over” means above in describing a method for 
manufacturing a bioassay system. 
In this embodiment, a filter layer 240 is formed over the upper 
surface of light detectors 210 and control circuits 215. Global 
planarization process is applied to the upper surface of light 
detectors 210 and control circuits 215 before forming filter 
layer 240. Filter layer 240 includes a plurality of sublayers. In 
this embodiment, filter layer 240 is formed by first depositing a 
sublayer having a higher refractive index over the planarized 
upper surface of light detectors 210 and control circuits 215. 
Id. at 19:47–55. 
 
Therefore, we determine that “formed over” as used in the challenged 
claims means “placed above.”10 
D. Anticipation by Hassibi 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 7, 10–16, 18, 19, 21, 22, 24, 27, 30–36 
are anticipated by Hassibi. Pet. 9. Petitioner provides an analysis of how it 
alleges that each claim limitation is taught by Hassibi. Id. at 16–44. 
Petitioner relies on the declaration of Dr. Neikirk in support of its positions. 
See generally Ex. 1003. Patent Owner responds by asserting that Hassibi 
does not disclose several of the limitations of the challenged claims. See 
Resp. 16–46. 
 
10 We do not see any description that restricts the linker site in a “layer.” 
Therefore, we do not include this in the construction of the term “formed 
over.” 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
28 
1. Hassibi (Ex. 1005) 
Hassibi discloses “methods, compositions and apparatus for detecting, 
[i]dentifying, quantifying and/or sequencing target biomolecules, such as 
nucleic acids or proteins.” Ex. 1005, Abst. Hassibi also discloses that “the 
methods may comprise obtaining at least one sample suspected of containing 
one or more target biomolecules. Where the target of interest is a nucleic 
acid, it may be captured and/or isolated by a variety of known techniques, 
such as sequence specific hybridization with one or more capture probes.” 
Id. ¶ 12. 
Figure 8 of Hassibi illustrates a detection apparatus and is reproduced 
below. 
 
Figure 8 illustrates an apparatus for use with Bioluminescence 
Regenerative Cycle (“BRC”) detection. Ex. 1005 ¶ 38. As shown above, 
Figure 8 illustrates reaction chambers for affinity capture of targets, optical 
coupling devices to convey generated photons to photodetectors, 
photodetectors to generate a relative photocurrent from incidence photons, 
and a sensor array to efficiently acquire and measure photocurrent. Id. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
29 
¶¶ 139–145. Hassibi discloses that the reaction chambers “may contain 
capture medium to allow target biomolecules (e.g. nucleic acids and/or 
proteins) to be specifically captured using different types of affinity 
matrices, functionalized gels and/or probes immobilized on solid surfaces.” 
Id. ¶ 151. 
Hassibi discloses that the optical coupling device may collect light 
generated from the reaction chambers and transfer the light to a 
photodetector. Ex. 1005 ¶ 163. In embodiments of the invention, “the 
generated photons may either propagate for a short distance to a 
[photodetector], or may reach a photodetector substantially in contact with 
the chamber wall (distance from detector to chamber can vary from 1 µm to 
1 m, but typically would range from 10 µm to 2 mm).” Id. Hassibi further 
discloses that “[i]n some embodiments, the photodetector can be in close 
proximity to the chamber and/or even integrated onto the chambers.” Id. 
¶ 165. Examples of photodetectors include “an array of photodiodes in 
silicon wafers, where chambers are etched into either the oxide top layers, or 
the bulk silicon wafer,” or a micro-fluidic chip “put onto the surface of a 
semiconductor based image sensor (e.g. CMOS or CCD), where the light 
from each well directly impinges on a photosensitive section of the imager.” 
Id. 
Hassibi discloses “the target biomolecule(s) of interest may be 
captured, immobilized and/or labeled by binding to one or more binding 
moieties.” Id. ¶ 238. Exemplary binding moieties include antibodies and 
aptamers. Id. Other examples include attaching binding moieties, capture 
probes, or analytes of interest to a surface by covalent or non-covalent 
interaction, and promoting such attachments with cross-linking reagents. Id. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
30 
¶ 262. An exemplary method may include coating a surface “with 
streptavidin or avidin with the subsequent attachment of a biotinylated 
molecule, such as an antibody or analyte.” Id. ¶ 264. 
2. Analysis 
Petitioner argues that Hassibi discloses the limitations of claim 1, and 
relies on the Neikirk Declaration as support. Pet. 16–28 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 60–82). Patent Owner argues that Hassibi does not disclose several of the 
limitations of claims challenged in this ground. Resp. 11–22. 
We determine that Hassibi fails to disclose an apparatus that is 
capable of identifying a single molecule. Therefore, we find that Petitioner 
has failed to show by a preponderance of the evidence that Hassibi teaches 
“an apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule.” 
Although Petitioner argues that the preamble of claim 1 is not 
limiting, it also argues that Hassibi discloses “[a]n apparatus for identifying 
a single biomolecule” by disclosing a method of obtaining samples 
containing “one or more target biomolecules.” See Pet. 16–18 (citing 
Ex. 1005, Abst., ¶¶ 12, 64, claim 1; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 62–64); see Ex. 1005 ¶ 64 
(“‘Targets’ are not limited to single molecules or atoms”). 
Specifically, Petitioner asserts the following to establish that Hassibi 
teaches “an apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule.” 
Hassibi discloses that its “invention concerns 
methods, compositions and apparatus for detecting[,] 
[i]dentifying, quantifying and/or sequencing target 
biomolecules, such as nucleic acids or proteins.” EX1005 at 
Abstract. Hassibi discloses that the “target” biological material 
may comprise a single molecule. Id. ¶ 12 (“In certain 
embodiments of the invention, the methods may comprise 
obtaining at least one sample suspected of containing one or 
more target biomolecules.”). 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
31 
The claims in Hassibi further disclose the 
identification of a single biomolecule. For instance, Claim 1 
recites “obtaining at least one sample suspected of containing 
one or more target biomolecules… detecting the target 
biomolecules in the sample.” Id. at Claim 1. 
Consistent with this, Claim 5 recites that the target 
biomolecule can be “a nucleic acid,” while Claim 6 recites that 
the target nucleic acid can be “amplified.” See id. at Claims 5-
6. Those of skill in the art understand that a nucleic acid that 
has been “amplified” corresponds to a nucleic acid that has 
been copied. EX1003 ¶ 64. As if this was not clear enough, 
Hassibi further clarifies that the term “target” is “not limited to 
single molecules or atoms.” EX1005 ¶ 64. Thus, in 
Hassibi, one may detect a signal from either a single 
biomolecule, or one can detect a single from multiple copies 
of the same biomolecule. Both of these options constitute 
disclosure of the preamble of Claim 1. 
Pet. 17–18. 
Patent Owner responds that “Hassibi’s specification discloses 
methods for detecting multiple copies of a biomolecule together,” as 
opposed to identifying a single biomolecule. Resp. 19 (citing Ex. 2008 
¶ 82). Specifically, Patent Owner argues that Hassibi discloses a BRC assay 
with a sensitivity of detection as low as 0.1 attomoles (amol). Id. at 18–19 
(citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 72–78; Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 9, 17–19, 25, 69). Patent Owner 
argues that because there are 60,000 molecules in 0.1 amol, Hassibi’s 
apparatus is only able to detect biomolecules where there are more than 
60,000 molecules in the sample. Id. at 19 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 82; Ex. 2009, 
88:5–89:1). Patent Owner argues that “[o]ver and over again, Hassibi 
discloses an apparatus that analyzes huge numbers of biomolecules together, 
not an apparatus for identifying one biomolecule individually, as claimed.” 
Id. at 21. Moreover, Patent Owner argues that “Hassibi does not describe 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
32 
any particular methods of sequencing, let alone methods of sequencing a 
single biomolecule.” Id. at 23 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 100). 
With respect to Hassibi’s disclosure of identifying one or more target 
biomolecules, Patent Owner argues that Hassibi refers to types of 
biomolecules, not total number of biomolecules. See Resp. 24–28. Patent 
Owner argues that Hassibi describes various examples of apparatuses for 
site-specific capture of different targets in the same sample. Id. at 25 (citing 
Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 138–139, 154, 269, 382–384). Patent Owner argues that thus 
Hassibi refers “to a sample containing one or more species of biomolecule to 
be targeted, not a total of one or more biomolecules of a particular species in 
the sample.” Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 113–117). 
 
The question that we need to answer is whether Hassibi teaches an 
apparatus that is capable of identifying a single biomolecule. We agree with 
Patent Owner that Hassibi does not. The disclosures in Hassibi that 
Petitioner points us to do not teach an apparatus that is capable of identifying 
a single biomolecule. 
 
Petitioner points us to Hassibi’s description that the “target” 
encompasses a single molecule. Pet. 16–18, 23–26; see Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 60–64. 
For instance, the Abstract describes Hassibi’s invention as “methods, 
compositions and apparatus for detecting[, i]dentifying, quantifying and/or 
sequencing target biomolecules, such as nucleic acids or proteins.” Pet. 17 
(citing Ex. 1005, Abst.) Petitioner links this statement to the described 
“obtaining” of a target biological material or sample that is “suspected of 
containing one or more target biomolecules.” Id. at 17–18 (citing Ex. 1005 
¶ 12). From these two statements and claim language from claims 1, 5, and 
6 of Hassibi, Petitioner concludes that Hassibi teaches “identifying a single 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
33 
biomolecule.” Pet. 17–18. For instance, Petitioner asserts, claim 1 also 
describes “obtaining at least one sample suspected of containing one or more 
target biomolecules” and then “detecting the target biomolecules in the 
sample;” claim 5 describes that the target molecule can be “a nucleic acid;” 
and claim 6 states that this target molecule can be “amplified.” Id. at 18. 
Petitioner’s citations to Hassibi as outlined above, however, do not 
provide a sufficient link between a single target molecule and the 
identification of such a molecule in view of Hassibi’s teachings regarding 
how molecules are identified in its apparatus. Hassibi’s Abstract describes: 
The presence of target molecules in samples may be 
detected by a variety of enzymatic processes that generate a 
detectable product, such as pyrophosphate (PPi) or ATP. In 
preferred embodiments of the invention, the product is detected 
by a bioluminescence regenerative cycle (BRC), utilizing 
luciferase mediated bioluminescence. 
Ex. 1005, Abst., ¶ 15. 
 
Dr. Harris explains bioluminescence regenerative cycle or BRC as 
disclosed in Hassibi “uses a coupled reaction where pyrophosphate is 
generated by an enzyme-catalyzed process, such as nucleic acid 
polymerization,” which includes the addition of individual deoxyribose 
nucleoside triphosphates (dNTPs) or nucleoside triphosphates (NTPs) to a 
chain of DNA or RNA, respectively. See Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 71–75. Referring to 
Hassibi, Dr. Harris explains that during incorporation of dNTP or NTP, two 
of the three phosphate groups in the triphosphate part of the dNTP or NTP 
molecule break off together and are known as pyrophosphate or PPi. Id. 
¶¶ 74–75. 
 
Consistent with Dr. Harris’ testimony, Hassibi explains BRC analysis 
as follows: 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
34 
In certain embodiments of the invention, the 
pyrophosphate producing reaction is allowed to proceed to 
completion before BRC analysis. Once the reaction is complete, 
the pyrophosphate is reacted with APS (adenosine 
5'-phosphosulfate) in the presence of ATP Sulfurylase to 
produce ATP and Sulphate. The ATP is reacted with oxygen 
and luciferin in the presence of luciferase to yield oxyluciferin, 
AMP and pyrophosphate. The PPi may react again with APS to 
regenerate ATP. For each molecule of pyrophosphate that is 
cycled through BRC, a photon of light is emitted with a 
quantum efficiency of 0.88 and one molecule of pyrophosphate 
is regenerated. Because of the relative kinetic rates of luciferase 
and ATP sulfurylase, a steady state is reached in which the 
concentrations of ATP and pyrophosphate and the level of 
photon output remain relatively constant over an extended 
period of time. The number of photons may be counted 
(integrated) over a time interval to determine the number of 
target nucleic acids in the Sample. The very high sensitivity of 
BRC is related in part to the integration of light output over 
time, in contrast to other methods that measure light output at a 
single time point or at a small number of fixed time points. The 
ability to vary the length of time over which photon integration 
occurs also contributes to the very high and controllable 
dynamic range for nucleic acid molecule quantification, with a 
sensitivity of detection as low as 0.1 attomoles (amol). 
Increasing the length of integration also significantly reduces 
detection noise. 
Ex. 1005 ¶ 17. 
 
As Dr. Harris explains, there are “more than 60,000 molecules in 0.1 
attamoles” meaning that the sensitivity of the BRC analysis described in 
Hassibi does not identify a single biomolecule because it lacks the sensitivity 
for the capability to do so. See Ex. 2008 ¶ 82. As Dr. Harris concludes: 
“Thus, far from identifying a single biomolecule, Hassibi’s specification 
discloses methods for detecting multiple copies of a biomolecule together. 
Indeed, Hassibi is stating that a sample must contain more than 60,000 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
35 
molecules to be detected using its BRC assay.” Id. Dr. Harris also identifies 
several examples in Hassibi that bear out this interpretation of how that 
apparatus in Hassibi works. See id. ¶¶ 83–93 (describing Example 1 with a 
similar sensitivity of 0.1 attamole, FIG. 10 describing BRC analysis of a 6 
billion molecule sample, and Example 2 with an over 6 million molecules 
sample analyzed by BRC) (citing Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 321, 325). Dr. Harris 
concludes: “Again and again, Hassibi discloses an apparatus that analyzes 
huge numbers of biomolecules together, not an apparatus for identifying one 
biomolecule individually. Nowhere does Hassibi disclose an apparatus or 
method for analyzing one biomolecule alone. And nowhere does Hassibi 
disclose single-molecule detection sensitivity.” Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 92–93; see Pet. 
17–22. 
 
Dr. Harris’ testimony and the description of BRC in Hassibi itself 
demonstrate that Petitioner’s reliance on claim 1 of Hassibi to try to show 
that it teaches an apparatus capable of identifying a single biomolecule is 
misplaced. Petitioner only cites to the first and last steps of the method of 
claim 1 that starts with “obtaining at least one sample suspected of 
containing one or more biomolecules” and ends with “detecting the target 
biomolecules in the sample.” The intervening steps, however, of generating 
PPi, using the PPi to produce light, and accumulating the number of photons 
produced over a time interval, indicate from the discussion of BRC in 
Hassibi and Dr. Harris’ explanation set forth above that many more than a 
single target biomolecule is in the obtained sample. 
We find persuasive Dr. Harris’ analysis of Hassibi’s teachings set 
forth above describing BRC analysis and its sensitivity capability. Petitioner 
did not file a rebuttal declaration from Dr. Neikirk addressing Dr. Harris’ 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
36 
testimony here. We credit Dr. Harris’ testimony over Dr. Neikirk’s 
testimony that, as explained below, does not address the complete disclosure 
of Hassibi. 
 
Dr. Harris also addressed the statements in Hassibi that Petitioner 
relies on concerning “obtaining at least one sample suspected of containing 
one or more target biomolecules.” See Pet. 24–26; Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 112–117. 
Dr. Harris points out that Dr. Neikirk’s reliance on this statement to establish 
that Hassibi teaches an apparatus for identifying a single molecule “assumes 
that nucleic acid amplification typically begins with only one piece of 
nucleic acid to amplify—i.e., one template molecule. That assumption is 
incorrect.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 118. Dr. Harris relies on several examples in Hassibi 
to show that amplification performed in these examples was done on a large 
number of molecules. Id. ¶¶ 120–122. Dr. Harris concludes: 
Because a reference to nucleic acid amplification does not 
imply starting the amplification process with only a single piece of 
DNA, as confirmed by Hassibi itself, the reference in claim 6 to “[t]he 
method of claim 5, wherein the target nucleic acid is amplified” does 
not suggest that Claim 5 is referring to a single molecule, contrary to 
Dr. Neikirk’s suggestion. 
 
Rather, a person having ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood claim 5 of Hassibi to specify that the target is a 
species of nucleic acid or a species of oligonucleotide, not a 
single biomolecule. 
Id. ¶¶ 123–124. We find persuasive Dr. Harris’ detailed assessment of the 
disclosure in Hassibi and his conclusion that the target molecule of claim 5 
is a species of nucleic acid or oligonucleotide and not a single biomolecule 
as evidenced by multiple examples disclosed in Hassibi. 
 
We also find that the record supports Dr. Harris’ testimony that the 
definition of “target” in Hassibi does not indicate that a target is a single 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
37 
molecule, but rather described the types of “targets” that are contemplated. 
See Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 125–126. For instance, Hassibi states that a target may be 
“any compound, molecule or aggregate of interest for detection.” Ex. 1005 
¶ 64. 
 
In the definition section of Hassibi, it states: 
As used herein, the terms “analyte” “biomolecule” and 
“target” mean any compound, molecule or aggregate of interest 
for detection. . . . “Targets” are not limited to single molecules 
or atoms, but may also comprise complex aggregates, such as a 
virus, bacterium, Salmonella, Streptococcus, Legionella, 
E. coli, Giardia, Cryptospordium, Rickettsia, spore, mold, yeast, 
algae, amoebae, dinoflagellate, unicellular organism, pathogen 
or cell. 
Ex. 1005 ¶ 64. 
 
Based on this disclosure, we are persuaded that “a person having 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood that Hassibi is merely 
explaining that targets can be unimolecular species (e.g. a piece of DNA) or 
multi-molecular species (e.g., a complex aggregate of molecules such as a 
virus.).” Ex. 2008 ¶ 126. We credit this interpretation by Dr. Harris over 
that offered by Petitioner because it better aligns with the rest of the 
disclosure in Hassibi and a skilled artisan’s understanding of BRC, as noted 
above. 
 
Finally, Petitioner points to Figure 4 and 7 of Hassibi to demonstrate 
“the linker site being treated to affix the [single] biomolecule to the linker 
site.” See Pet. 23–26. Petitioner states: “FIGS. 4 and 7 of Hassibi illustrate 
a capture probe binding a target molecule to the linker site. FIG. 4 
‘illustrates an exemplary embodiment wherein a capture probe is used to 
bind to the target molecule [and] attach it to a solid substrate.’ Likewise, 
FIG. 7 of Hassibi depicts a further embodiment where the target DNA 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
38 
molecule is captured at the linker site (at 2a in the figure).” Id. at 23–24 
(citing Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 101, 118). Figure 4 and 7 are set forth below. 
 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
39 
 
 
Figure 4 set forth above is described as illustrating “an exemplary 
method for branched chain BRC assay,” and Figure 7 illustrates “exemplary 
methods of terminal transferase based assays.” Ex. 1005 ¶¶ 34, 37 
(emphases added). 
 
Petitioner’s reliance on Figures 4 and 7 is unpersuasive. We credit 
Dr. Harris’ testimony that Figures 4 and 7 in Hassibi are merely magnified 
examples to show the mechanism of action for the branched chain BRC and 
terminal transferase based assays. See Ex. 2008 ¶ 143. For instance, 
Hassibi describes Figure 4 as illustrating “an exemplary embodiment 
wherein a capture probe is used to bind to the target molecule [and] attach it 
to a solid substrate. This branching method can potentially generate 
thousands of pyrophosphate molecules per target biomolecule.” Ex. 1005 ¶ 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
40 
101. Figure 7 is specifically described as “[a] general scheme for methods 
of use of terminal transferase for target molecule detection and/or 
quantitation.” Id. ¶ 117. Therefore, from the described exemplary nature of 
Figures 4 and 7 in Hassibi, we agree with Dr. Harris’ conclusion that “[o]n 
these zoomed-in scales, a person of ordinary skill in the art would not have 
expected to see in the drawings any of the other biomolecules that are 
present at each alleged linker site of Hassibi.” Id. 
 
For all of these reasons set forth above, we find that Hassibi does not 
teach an apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule as required by all 
challenged claims. Therefore, we determine that Petitioner has failed to 
show by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 7, 10–16, 18–19, 
21–22, 24, 27, and 30–36 are anticipated by Hassibi. 
E. Remaining Grounds Involving Hassibi 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 7, 10–16, 18–19, 21–22, 24, 27, and 
30–36 would have been obvious over Hassibi in view of the skill of a POSA. 
Pet. 9. In this ground, Petitioner offers no additional argument or evidence 
that Hassibi teaches an apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule. See 
Id. at 44–51. Therefore, for the same reasons as set forth above, see Section 
II.D., we determine that Petitioner has failed to show by a preponderance of 
the evidence that any of claims 1, 7, 10–16, 18–19, 21–22, 24, 27, or 30–36 
would have been obvious over Hassibi in view of the skill of a POSA. 
Petitioner also challenges additional claims or asserts additional 
combinations of art in the following additional grounds based on Hassibi: 
(1) Claims 17 and 20 would have been obvious over Hassibi and Korlach; 
(2) Claims 28 and 29 would have been obvious over Hassibi in view of the 
skill of a POSA; and (3) Claims 21, 22, and 24 would have been obvious 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
41 
over Hassibi and Cheeseman. Pet. 9. To challenge these claims in these 
grounds, Petitioner does not offer any additional argument or evidence that 
Hassibi, Korlach, or Cheeseman teaches an apparatus for identifying a single 
biomolecule. See id. at 51–63. Therefore, for the same reasons set forth 
above, see Section II.D., we determine that Petitioner has failed to show by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 17 or 20 would have been 
obvious over Hassibi and Korlach, that claims 28 or 29 would have been 
obvious over Hassibi in view of the skill of a POSA, or that claims 21, 22, or 
24 would have been obvious over Hassibi and Cheeseman. 
F. Anticipation by or Obviousness over Blumenfeld 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, and 6 are unpatentable under 
35 U.S.C. § 102 as anticipated by Blumenfeld. Pet. 63–74 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 192–237; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 2, 3, 17, 25, 46, 66, 74, 76, 77, 81, 83, 86, 88, 100, 
111, 136, claims 17, 38, 49, Figs. 1, 2, 3B, 5, 6, 7, 8A, 8B, 9A, 12–14). 
Alternatively, Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, and 6 are unpatentable 
under 35 U.S.C. § 103 as obvious over Blumenfeld. Id. at 74–76. 
1. Blumenfeld (Ex. 1007) 
Blumenfeld discloses a system for imaging and/or mapping biological 
samples using electronic light detectors. Ex. 1007 ¶ 2. The system may 
include “a positioning apparatus for providing a biological sample in a 
sampling position.” Id. ¶ 15. Blumenfeld also discloses that “[t]he system 
further includes an electronic light detector array with the electronic light 
detector array including a plurality of detector pixels located at particular 
detector pixel addresses. The plurality of detector pixels face the first side 
of the biological sample to receive light therefrom.” Id. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
42 
Figure 2 of Blumenfeld depicts an imaging apparatus and is 
reproduced below. 
 
Figure 2 illustrates an electronic light detector array detection system 
for acquiring and reconstructing light representative of DNA spots on a 
DNA chip. Ex. 1007 ¶ 30. 
As shown above, image detection apparatus 101 includes DNA 
chip 14, electronic light detector array 4, and optical filter 17, held in contact 
with each other by clamping system 19. Id. ¶ 76. Light detector 4 includes 
detector pixels 5 for sensing light. Id. ¶ 79. Light source 15 provides 
ultraviolet or blue light 105 that excites light emitted by DNA chip 14 to 
acquire image 13 representative of sensed light associated with a biological 
sample. Id. ¶ 76. Blumenfeld discloses that “the sampling distance (or the 
traveling distance for light emanating from one or more portions of the 
sample to reach the detector pixels 5, i.e., the light path) for use in detection 
of spots of polynucleic acid or other biological material is” preferably less 
than 75 microns, most preferably less than 15 microns. Id. ¶ 81. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
43 
Blumenfeld discloses that DNA chip 14 has flat sample surface 114 
with sequences of nucleic acids immobilized thereto, with each sequence 
being immobilized to a particular chip address. Ex. 1007 ¶ 86. Sample 
surface 114 of chip 14 is set at a defined position relative to electronic light 
detector array 4 such that light leaving a chip address on chip 14 is 
substantially directed through the light path that includes the biological 
material holding structure, for example a DNA chip substrate, onto at least 
one detector pixel 5 with an address that is correlated to the chip address. Id. 
Blumenfeld discloses that DNA may be attached to substrates, e.g., forming 
DNA chips, that pass light (e.g., light transparent DNA chips) “in a variety 
of manners known to those skilled in the art.” Id. ¶ 88. Blumenfeld further 
discloses that, for example, “glass or quartz may be treated with silanes to 
create carboxyl or amine groups that may be used in further chemical 
reactions for immobilizing DNA.” Id. 
Blumenfeld discloses “[c]hip dimensions, the number of sites of DNA 
deposition (sometimes termed ‘addresses’) per chip, and the width of the 
DNA spot per ‘address’ are dependent upon the technologies employed for 
deposition.” Ex. 1007 ¶ 4. Known techniques produce spots with diameters 
of 50–300 μm, and as small as 1 micron. Id. Blumenfeld also discloses that 
“[t]echnologies for making such chips are known to those skilled in the art 
and are described, for instance, in U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,925,525; 5,919,523; 
5,837,832; and 5,744,305; which are all incorporated herein by reference.” 
Id. 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
44 
Figure 5 of Blumenfeld is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 5 illustrates an electronic light detector array detection system 
with a laser-light source. Ex. 1007 ¶ 33. 
As shown in Figure 5 above, laser 40 may generate laser light 41 
reflected off of mirror 35 onto labeled DNA 30 hybridized and immobilized 
on DNA chip 14. Ex. 1007 ¶ 100. By incorporating fluorescent labels, 
hybridized DNA 30 fluoresces and emits fluorescent light upon excitation by 
laser light 41. Id. The fluorescent light, but not the laser light, selectively 
passes through filter 17 and is directly mapped onto detector pixels 5 of 
detector 4. Id. Blumenfeld also discloses that “descriptions of imaging 
fluorescently immobilized biomolecules and analysis of the images are set 
forth in U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,874,219 . . . incorporated herein by reference.” Id. 
¶ 5. 
2. Analysis 
The Petition includes a limitation-by-limitation comparison of 
claims 1, 2, and 6 to the disclosure of Blumenfeld, relying on Dr. Neikirk’s 
Declaration as support. Pet. 63–71 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 192–219). 
Petitioner argues, for example, that Blumenfeld expressly teaches that, 
referring to Figure 5, individual DNA molecules may be detected on the 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
45 
surface of the array. Pet. 65. According to Petitioner, Figure 5 of 
Blumenfeld “depicts individual immobilized DNA structures 30 on the 
surface of the sensor.” Id. at 65–66 (citing Ex. 1007, Figs. 5, 8B, 9A, 
¶¶ 100, 111). Petitioner further argues that “Blumenfeld incorporates by 
reference . . . ‘Fodor,’11 . . . ‘Rava,’12 and ‘Trulson,’13 which each also 
disclose identification of a single biomolecule, as explained by Dr. Neikirk 
in detail.” Id. at 66 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 197–201). 
Patent Owner’s arguments focus on its position that Blumenfeld does 
not disclose an apparatus capable of identifying a single molecule, and 
otherwise fails to disclose all of the limitations of claim 1. Resp. 54–63. 
Patent Owner advances the following specific arguments. 
Patent Owner argues that Blumenfeld discloses an array with spots for 
affixing multiple instances of a target species to detect a signal from that 
particular species. Resp. 54 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 194–195). Patent Owner 
argues that Blumenfeld does not describe an individual immobilized DNA 
structure, including in Figure 5. Id. at 54–55 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 228). Patent 
Owner argues that Blumenfeld describes DNA 30 in Figure 6 as biological 
material 30 made up of “DNA spots” containing multiple molecules. Id. 
at 55 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 102; Ex. 2008 ¶ 228). Likewise, Patent Owner 
argues that Blumenfeld’s Figures 8B and 9A illustrate a DNA chip that 
includes spots of multiple copies of a molecule, not a single molecule. Id. at 
 
11 Stephen P. A. Fodor et al., U.S. Patent No. 5,925,525, issued Jul. 20, 1999 
(Ex. 1018, “Fodor”). 
12 Richard P. Rava et al., U.S. Patent No. 5,874,219, issued Feb. 23, 1999 
(Ex. 1019, “Rava”). 
13 Mark Trulson et al., U.S. Patent No. 5,834,758, issued Nov. 10, 1998 
(Ex. 1020, “Trulson”). 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
46 
56 (citing Ex. 2008 ¶ 229; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 107, 108, 111). Patent Owner 
contends that Fodor, Rava, and Trulson, further describe pre-existing array 
technology that does not identify a single molecule. Id. at 56–57 (citing 
Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 230–233; Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 197–200). 
We agree with Patent Owner that Blumenfeld does teach an apparatus 
that is capable of identifying a single biomolecule as required by challenged 
claims 1, 2, and 6. Dr. Neikirk acknowledges that “Blumenfeld discloses 
that it uses pre-existing array technology in which probes for target 
molecules are placed into ‘spots’ on the surface of the array.” Ex. 1003 
¶ 193 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 46). Dr. Neikirk further acknowledges that a POSA 
would have understood Blumenfeld teaches a “well-known technology in 
which each spot on the array contains probes specific for a particular 
molecular species, the idea being to affix multiple instances of the target 
species to so as to detect a signal from that particular species.” Id. ¶ 194. 
 
Dr. Neikirk also asserts, however, that Figure 5 of Blumenfeld teaches 
identification of a single biomolecule. Id. We disagree. Figure 5 of 
Blumenfeld, set forth above, “illustrates an embodiment of an electronic 
light detector array detection system according to the present invention with 
a laser-light source.” Ex. 1007 ¶ 33. Blumenfeld further explains 
concerning Figure 5: 
 
For example, the system shown in FIG. 4 is compatible 
with laser-biased visualization techniques as shown in FIG. 5. 
In other words, the image detection apparatus 10 of FIG. 4 may 
be modified to be in the configuration shown in FIG. 5. For 
instance, a laser 40 may be used to generate laser light 41 that 
may be reflected off of mirror 35 and thereby directed onto 
labeled DNA 30 hybridized and immobilized on DNA chip 14. 
In view of the incorporation of a fluorescent label, the 
hybridized DNA 30 fluoresces and emits fluorescent light upon 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
47 
excitation by the laser light 41. The filter 17 selectively passes 
the fluorescent light but not the laser light 41. The fluorescent 
light is directly mapped onto the detector pixels 5 of detector 4, 
e.g., a CCD detector array. The laser 40 may be rastered across 
the biological sample, e.g., the DNA chip 14, so that only select 
portions of the sample are illuminated at one time. The laser 40 
may be, for example, laser diodes such as green (535 nm), red 
(635 nm), or far red (670 nm) diodes having a power in the 
range of 4 mW to 10 mW. 
Id. ¶ 100. 
Nowhere in this discussion of Figure 5 does Blumenfeld identify 
DNA 30 as an individual immobilized DNA molecule. See Ex. 2008 ¶ 228. 
Figure 5, as discussed above, is offered by Blumenfeld as illustrating an 
electronic light detector array detection system, and Blumenfeld makes no 
mention that the biological samples to be detected only contain a single 
molecule. In fact, in the description of Figure 5 set forth above, Blumenfeld 
refers to the “biological sample, e.g., the DNA chip 14” and further states 
“that only select portions of the sample are illuminated at one time.” 
Ex. 2007 ¶ 100. Thus, it appears from this discussion of Figure 5 that “DNA 
30” is a biological sample containing many DNA molecules. 
Also, Blumenfeld begins the discussion of Figure 5 by stating that the 
system depicted in Figure 4 is compatible with the system “laser-based 
visualization techniques” as shown in Figure 5. Figure 4 is described as 
follows identifying a biological sample, not an individual molecule. 
FIG. 4 is a block diagram of a system substantially 
similar to that of FIG. 2, wherein light from a biological 
sample, such as a DNA ship 14 having biological material 13 
thereon, is passed through an optical filter 17 and provided to 
detector pixels 5 of a detector 4, e.g., a CMOS or CCD detector, 
where such light is sensed. 
Ex. 1007 ¶ 99. 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
48 
 
As Dr. Harris points out, Blumenfeld depicts “biological material 30” 
in Figure 6 with the same caret symbol (^) as shown in Figure 5 to depict 
“DNA 30.” See Ex. 1007, Figure 6. Blumenfeld refers to “biological 
material 30” as “DNA spots” not individual DNA molecules. See Ex. 1007 
¶ 102. As Dr. Harris notes, Dr. Neikirk agrees that “Blumenfeld discloses a 
pre-exiting array technology in which probes for target molecules are placed 
onto ‘spots’ on the surface of an array” and that “each spot on the array 
contains probes specific for a particular molecular species, the idea being to 
affix multiple instances of the target species to [each zone] so as to detect a 
signal from the particular species.” Ex. 2008 ¶ 225 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 193–
194). Thus, we find that Figure 5 does not support a determination that 
Blumenfeld teaches a device capable of identifying a single biomolecule. 
Petitioner also points to Fodor, Rava, and Trulson, which Blumenfeld 
incorporates by reference, alleging they teach apparatuses capable of 
identifying a single biomolecule. Pet. 65–66. We disagree. Blumenfeld 
cites Fodor for technology for making chips in which the most commonly 
used technologies produce spots with diameters of 50-300 μm. See Ex. 1007 
¶ 4. Rava and Trulson are identified by Blumenfeld as providing “[f]urther 
descriptions of imaging fluorescently immobilized biomolecules and 
analysis of the images.” Id. ¶ 5. Petitioner has not shown persuasively that 
these patents were cited by Blumenfeld for any teaching relating to the 
amount of biological material that is identified by a biosensor. 
Therefore, having considered the record as a whole, we credit 
Dr. Harris’ testimony that “[a] POSA would have understood Blumenfeld to 
be citing these patents for what it says it is citing them for: namely, prior art 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
49 
methods of creating DNA chips and imaging spots on those chips.” Resp. 
57 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶ 233).14 
For all of these reasons set forth above, we find that Blumenfeld does 
not teach an apparatus for identifying a single biomolecule as required by all 
challenged claims. Therefore, we determine that Petitioner has failed to 
show by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 2, and 6 are 
anticipated by Blumenfeld. 
In the related obviousness ground, Petitioner does not offer any 
further argument or evidence that Blumenfeld teaches an apparatus for 
identifying a single biomolecule as required by the challenged claims. 
Therefore, we determine that Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 1, 2, or 6 would have been obvious over 
Blumenfeld and the knowledge of the skilled artisan for the same reasons 
discussed above. 
III. CONCLUSION 
Based on the foregoing analysis of the arguments presented in the 
papers and the evidence submitted in support, we determine that Petitioner 
has not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 2, 6, 7, 10–
22, 24, or 27–36 are unpatentable. 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
 
14 We also credit Dr. Harris’ analysis of the passages in each of Fodor, Rava, 
and Trulson cited by Dr. Neikirk as describing pre-existing array technology 
for analyzing spots containing multiple copies of biomolecules. See 
Ex. 2008 ¶¶ 230–231; see Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 197–199. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
50 
ORDERED that claims 1, 2, 6, 7, 10–22, 24, 27–36 of U.S. Patent 
7,767,441 B2 have not been shown to be unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
51 
In summary: 
 
 
Claims 
 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 7, 10–16, 
18, 19, 21, 
22, 24, 27, 
30–36 
102 
Hassibi 
 
1, 7, 10–16, 
18, 19, 21, 22, 
24, 27, 30–36 
1, 7, 10–16, 
18, 19, 21, 
22, 24, 27, 
30–36 
103 
Hassibi in view of 
the skill of a POSA 
 
1, 7, 10–16, 
18, 19, 21, 22, 
24, 27, 30–36 
17, 20 
103 
Hassibi, Korlach 
 
17, 20 
28, 29 
103 
Hassibi in view of 
the skill of a POSA 
 
28, 29 
21, 22, 24 
103 
Hassibi, 
Cheeseman 
 
21, 22, 24 
1, 2, 6 
102 
Blumenfeld 
 
1, 2, 6 
1, 2, 6 
103 
Blumenfeld in 
view of the skill of 
a POSA 
 
1, 2, 6 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1, 2, 6, 7, 10–
22, 24, 27–36 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2020-01200 
Patent 7,767,441 B2 
 
52 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Derek Walter 
Adrian Percer 
Robert Magee 
WEIL, GOTSHAL & MANGES LLP 
derek.walter@weil.com 
adrian.percer@weil.com 
robert.magee@weil.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Michael Fleming 
Keith Orso 
IRELL & MANELLA LLP 
mfleming@irell.com 
korso@irell.com