--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 60 
571-272-7822 
Date: April 6, 2026 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
 
INTEGRATED DNA TECHNOLOGIES, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
TECAN GENOMICS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
 
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
 
 
Before GEORGIANNA W. BRADEN, ZHENYU YANG, and 
TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
YANG, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
Granting Patent Owner’s Motion to Seal (Paper 44) 
37 C.F.R. §§ 42.14, 42.54 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Integrated DNA Technologies, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition 
(Paper 1, “Pet.”), seeking inter partes review of claims 1–3 and 5–22 of 
U.S. Patent No. 10,036,012 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’012 patent”). Tecan 
Genomics, Inc. (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 7 
(“Prelim. Resp.”). We instituted trial to review the challenged claims 
(Paper 9, “DI”). 
Thereafter, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition (Paper 41,1 
“PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 47, 
“Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply to Petitioner’s Reply 
(Paper 53, “Sur-reply”). An oral hearing for this proceeding was held on 
January 22, 2026, and the transcript of that hearing is of record. See Paper 59 
(“Tr.”). 
The Board has jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6 and issues this Final 
Written Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318 and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the 
reasons provided below, we find Petitioner has not shown, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, the unpatentability of claims 1–3 and 5–22. 
 
1 Patent Owner originally filed Paper 23 as its Response, relying on the 
declaration of Dr. Mikhail V. Matz (Ex. 2039). Because we found that 
Dr. Matz was conflicted from providing expert testimony on behalf of Patent 
Owner, we prohibited Dr. Matz from further serving as a witness for Patent 
Owner in this proceeding and indicated that Dr. Matz’s declaration was 
excluded. Paper 33. We, however, granted Patent Owner’s request to 
substitute a declaration from Dr. Eli Meyer that would take the place of 
Dr. Matz’s declaration. Paper 39. As a result, Patent Owner filed an 
amended Response (Paper 41), relying on the substitute declaration of 
Dr. Meyer (Ex. 2287). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
3 
A. 
Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself and Danaher Corporation as the real parties 
in interest for Petitioner. Pet. 83. Patent Owner identifies itself and Tecan 
Group AG (also known as Tecan Group Ltd.) as the real parties in interest 
for Patent Owner. Paper 4, 1. 
B. 
Related Matters 
The parties inform us that Patent Owner has asserted the ’012 patent 
in Tecan Genomics, Inc. v. Invitae Corp., Case No. 1:23-cv-01114 (D. Del.) 
and Tecan Genomics, Inc. v. QIAGEN Sciences, LLC, Case 
No. 1:23-cv-01115 (D. Del.). Pet. 83; Paper 4, 1. 
Petitioner concurrently filed IPR2025-00016 against U.S. Patent 
No. 10,876,108 (“the ’108 patent”), which claims priority to the same 
provisional patent application as the ’012 patent. Pet. 83; Paper 4, 1. 
Patent Owner further represents that QIAGEN Sciences, LLC filed 
IPR2025-00028 and IPR2025-00029, challenging the ’012 patent and 
the ’108 patent, respectively. Paper 4, 1. 
C. 
The ’012 Patent 
The ’012 patent “provides methods, compositions and kits for targeted 
nucleic acid sequence enrichment in a nucleic acid sample and for high 
efficiency nucleic acid library generation for next generation sequencing 
(NGS).” Ex. 1001, code (57); see also id. at 2:34–36 (disclosing “methods 
for enriching for target nucleic acid sequences of interest in a sample 
comprising nucleic acids”). 
The ’012 patent states that, with the rapid development of NGS 
technologies and platforms, whole genome sequencing became more 
feasible and less expensive. Ex. 1001, 1:16–18. It was nonetheless “often 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
4 
more practical and cost-effective to select genomic regions of interest for 
sequencing and analysis.” Id. at 1:23–27. 
Target enrichment was commonly used in genomic DNA sequencing 
to selectively capture genomic regions of interest from a DNA sample before 
sequencing. Id. at 1:28–30. At the time of the ’012 patent invention, there 
were three major categories of target enrichment methods, including 
PCR-based methods, capture-by-hybridization, i.e., on-array or in-solution 
hybrid capture methods, and capture-by-circularization, i.e., molecular 
inversion probe-based methods. Id. at 1:42–47. According to the ’012 patent, 
each of these methods has its distinct advantages and disadvantages. Id. 
at 1:43–44. 
The ’012 patent explains that “[t]here is a need for improved methods 
for selective target enrichment that allow for low-cost, high-throughput 
capture of genomic regions of interest without specialized instrumentation. 
Additionally, there is also a need for high efficiency nucleic acid library 
generation.” Id. at 2:25–29. The ’012 patent purports to address both of these 
needs. Id. at 2:29–30. 
Figure 1 of the ’012 patent, reproduced below, is schematic of a 
preferred embodiment of the methods for enriching for target sequences of 
interest. Id. at 15:57–59. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
5 
 
Figure 1 above depicts a method of selective target enrichment using 
ligation of a single forward adaptor at the ends of the DNA fragments in the 
DNA library. Id. at 5:47–49. The method is discussed in more detail below. 
First, the method generates a ligated library of nucleic acid fragments 
or inserts in which “each fragment or insert comprises a common forward 
adaptor and a fragment or insert specific reverse adaptor” at its 5′ end that is 
“distinct from the forward adaptor such that subtractive PCR using a primer 
directed against the common forward adaptor and a primer directed against 
the reverse adaptor enriches for a nucleic acid fragment or insert comprising 
a target nucleic acid sequence.” Id. at 15:63–16:5. 
Second, the DNA fragments with complementary ends are denatured 
to generate a denatured library of single stranded DNA fragments with 
complementary ends. Id. at 16:54–57. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
6 
Third, “a custom oligonucleotide with a reverse adaptor tail is 
annealed to the single stranded DNA fragments with complementary ends.” 
Id. at 16:61–63. 
Fourth, the custom oligonucleotide with a reverse adaptor tail is 
extended to generate an oligonucleotide extension product with forward 
adaptor sequence at one end and reverse adaptor sequence at the other end. 
Id. at 17:37–48. 
Finally, subtractive PCR is “performed using a first primer directed 
against the forward adaptor sequence and a second primer directed toward 
the reverse adaptor sequence such that only the oligonucleotide extension 
product with the forward adaptor sequence at one end and the reverse 
adaptor sequence at the other end can be amplified.” Id. at 17:53–60. 
D. 
Illustrative Claim 
Independent claim 1 is illustrative of the claimed subject matter and is 
reproduced below. 
1. A method for sequencing an enriched nucleic acid 
sequence of interest, the method comprising: 
a) obtaining a nucleic acid fragment ligated to a partial 
duplex adaptor, wherein the nucleic acid fragment 
comprises a nucleic acid sequence of interest, wherein the 
partial duplex adaptor comprises a first adaptor sequence, 
and wherein the partial duplex adaptor comprises a first 
strand and a second strand, wherein the first strand is 
longer than the second strand; 
b) annealing one or more oligonucleotides in solution to the 
nucleic acid sequence of interest in the nucleic acid 
fragment ligated to the partial duplex adaptor, wherein the 
one or more oligonucleotides comprise a 3′ portion with at 
least 10 bases designed to be complementary to the 
nucleic acid sequence of interest and a 5′ tail portion 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
7 
comprising a second adaptor sequence that is non-
complementary to the nucleic acid sequence of interest; 
c) extending the one or more oligonucleotides annealed to 
the nucleic acid sequence of interest in the nucleic acid 
fragment ligated to the partial duplex adaptor with a 
polymerase, thereby generating one or more 
oligonucleotide extension products comprising sequence 
complementary to the first adaptor sequence at a first end, 
sequence complementary to the nucleic acid sequence of 
interest, and the second adaptor sequence at a second end; 
d) amplifying the one or more oligonucleotide extension 
products using a first primer that anneals to a complement 
of the first adaptor sequence and a second primer that 
anneals at its 3′ end to a complement of the second 
adaptor sequence to enrich for the nucleic acid sequence 
of interest, wherein products of the amplifying comprise a 
3′ end with sequence complementary to a sequence on a 
surface; 
e) annealing a strand of the products of the amplifying to the 
sequence on the surface using the 3′ end with sequence 
complementary to the sequence on the surface; and 
f) sequencing the enriched nucleic acid sequence of interest 
on a massively parallel sequencing platform. 
Ex. 1001, 35:18–57. 
E. 
Asserted Challenges to Patentability 
Petitioner asserts the following challenges to patentability: 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
8 
Claims Challenged 35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference 
1, 3, 5–8, 10–14, 
16, 20–22 
102 
Meyer3,4 
2 
103(a) 
Meyer, Siebert5 
9 
103(a) 
Meyer, Kelley6 
15, 17–19 
103(a) 
Meyer, Caruccio7, Bronner8 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 
125 Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective 
March 16, 2013. AIA §§ 3(b), 3(c), and 3(n). The ’012 patent claims priority 
to a provisional application filed on January 26, 2012. Ex. 1001, code (60). 
Petitioner’s challenge assumes this earliest potential priority date (Pet. 28) 
and Patent Owner provides no argument to the contrary. Accordingly, we 
apply the pre-AIA version of §§ 102 and 103. 
3 Meyer et al., Sequencing and de novo analysis of a coral larval 
transcriptome using 454 GSFlx, 10:219 BMC GENOMICS (2009) (Ex. 1006, 
“Meyer”). 
4 The Petition also states claims 1, 3, 5–8, 10–14, 16, 20–22 would have 
been obvious over Meyer. Pet. 28, 67–69. Petitioner, however, does not 
address Patent Owner’s argument that this obviousness challenge is legally 
insufficient. See generally Reply; PO Resp. 48–50. At the oral hearing, 
counsel for Petitioner confirmed that Petitioner no longer pursues this 
obviousness challenge. Tr. 31:21–32:6. 
5 Siebert et al., An improved PCR method for walking in uncloned genomic 
DNA, 23(6) NUCLEIC ACIDS RESEARCH 1087–88 (1995) (Ex. 1007, 
“Siebert”). 
6 Kelley et al., Comparative analysis of microbial diversity in Longitarsus 
flea beetles (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae), 139 GENETICA 541–50 (2011) 
(Ex. 1010, “Kelley”). 
7 Caruccio, Preparation of next-generation sequencing libraries using 
Nextera™ technology: simultaneous DNA fragmentation and adaptor 
tagging by in vitro transposition, in HIGH-THROUGHPUT NEXT GENERATION 
SEQUENCING: METHODS AND APPLICATIONS, 733 METHODS IN MOLECULAR 
BIOLOGY Ch. 17 (2011) (Ex. 1008, “Caruccio”). 
8 Bronner et al., Improved Protocols for Illumina Sequencing, 18 CURR. 
PROTOC. HUM. GENET. (2009) (Ex. 1009, “Bronner”). 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
9 
In support of their respective positions, Petitioner relies on the 
Declaration of Peter A. Sims, Ph.D. (Ex. 1085), and Patent Owner relies on 
the Declarations of Carlos D. Bustamante, Ph.D. (Ex. 2038) and Eli Meyer, 
Ph.D. (Ex. 2287). 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. 
Principles of Law 
To prevail in this inter partes review, Petitioner “shall have the 
burden of proving a proposition of unpatentability by a preponderance of the 
evidence.” 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). 
Anticipation is a question of fact. In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 
1334–35 (Fed. Cir. 2009). Whether a reference anticipates a claim is 
assessed from the perspective of an ordinarily skilled artisan. See Dayco 
Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 329 F.3d 1358, 1368 (Fed. 
Cir. 2003). To show anticipation, each and every claim element, arranged as 
in the claim, must be disclosed in a single piece of prior art. Net MoneyIN, 
Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
A claim is unpatentable for obviousness if “the differences between 
the subject matter sought to be patented and the prior art are such that the 
subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the invention 
was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject 
matter pertains.” 35 U.S.C. § 103 (pre-AIA); see also KSR Int’l Co. v. 
Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is 
resolved on the basis of underlying factual determinations, including (1) the 
scope and content of the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed 
subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
10 
(4) when in evidence, objective evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. 
John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
We analyze the challenges to patentability in accordance with these 
principles. 
B. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, various factors 
may be considered, including the “type of problems encountered in the art; 
prior art solutions to those problems; rapidity with which innovations are 
made; sophistication of the technology; and educational level of active 
workers in the field.” In re GPAC, Inc., 57 F.3d 1573, 1579 (Fed. Cir. 1995). 
Furthermore, the prior art itself can reflect the appropriate level of ordinary 
skill in the art. Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001). 
Petitioner asserts that: 
Because the ’012 patent is directed to library preparation and 
data interpretation methods for NGS, the POSA [person of 
ordinary skill in the art] could have had academic training in 
any of a variety of fields that used NGS, including chemistry, 
molecular biology, biochemistry, or medicine. The POSA 
would have a PhD or equivalent training in one of those fields 
and several years of work experience (or commensurately less 
education and more work experience). The POSA further would 
have had specific experience with implementing and designing 
library preparation methods for 454 and Illumina, the leading 
NGS platforms in 2012. This would have included specific 
experience with, and understanding of, the sequences contained 
in adaptors for 454 and Illumina sequencing at the priority date, 
and the chemistry used to attach those adaptors to DNA 
fragments prior to sequencing. 
Pet. 25 (citing Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 122–123). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
11 
In the DI, we addressed Patent Owner’s arguments disputing 
Petitioner’s proposed definition. DI 12–14 (citing Prelim. Resp. 15–17). We 
stated that 
for purposes of this Decision, we find a POSA would have had 
a Ph.D. in the field of chemistry, molecular biology, or 
biochemistry. Alternatively, a POSA would have had a B.S. or 
M.S. degree with three to five years of experience working in 
any of those fields. Additionally, the POSA would have had 
experience with NGS sequencing methods and a working 
knowledge of how those methods functioned. 
Id. at 14. 
After institution, Patent Owner states that, for purposes of this 
proceeding, it adopts the Board’s definition of a POSA. PO Resp. 18. 
After reviewing the record developed during trial, we see no reason to 
change our finding on this issue. As we stated in the DI, our “definition of a 
POSA is consistent with the skill level reflected in the disclosures of 
the ’012 patent and prior art.” DI 14. 
We find the parties’ declarants, Drs. Sims, Bustamante, and Meyer are 
qualified to opine from the perspective of a POSA, because each has at least 
ordinary skill in the art. See Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 4–16; Ex. 2038 ¶¶ 11–25; Ex. 2287 
¶¶ 5–14. 
C. 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, we construe a claim term “using the same 
claim construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a 
civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020). 
Under that standard, the words of a claim “are generally given their ordinary 
and customary meaning,” which is “the meaning that the term would have to 
a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the invention, 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
12 
i.e., as of the effective filing date of the patent application.” Phillips v. AWH 
Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 
1. 
“Sequence of Interest” 
Petitioner proposes that we construe the term “sequence of interest.” 
Pet. 26. According to Petitioner, the ’012 patent defines “sequence of 
interest,” which is used interchangeably with terms “target nucleic acid 
sequence” and “target sequence,” as “a polynucleotide sequence of interest, 
for which enrichment is desired.” Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 1001, 21:1–3, 21:6–9). 
In the DI, we adopted Petitioner’s proposed construction of the term 
“sequence of interest.” DI 15. Patent Owner does not dispute this 
construction. PO Resp. 18. We maintain the construction for our analysis 
here. 
2. 
“Enrich” 
Claim 1 is directed to a method “for sequencing an enriched nucleic 
acid sequence of interest.” It recites in step (d) “amplifying the one or more 
oligonucleotide extension products . . . to enrich for the nucleic acid 
sequence of interest,” and in step (f) “sequencing the enriched nucleic acid 
sequence of interest.” 
In the DI, we stated that 
[n]either party proposes any special meaning for the term 
“enrich.” We see no reason to do so either. To the extent 
express construction of “enrich” is necessary, we adopt the 
plain and ordinary meaning of the term. See Ex. 3001 (entry e 
defining “enrich” to mean “to process so as to add or increase 
the proportion of a desirable ingredient”). 
DI 15. 
Petitioner does not dispute the plain and ordinary meaning of “enrich” 
that we set forth in the DI. Reply 3. Patent Owner also “does not dispute the 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
13 
Board’s preliminary definition of the term ‘enrich’ in the abstract.” PO 
Resp. 19. Despite the purported agreement with our claim construction, the 
parties debate the meaning of the term “enrich” in step (d) of claim 1. We 
address those arguments below. 
a. 
Relative to Other Fragments 
As an initial matter, we acknowledge that the definition “to process so 
as to add or increase the proportion of a desirable ingredient” has two 
possible interpretations. In the first interpretation, “add or increase” shares 
the same object “the proportion of a desirable ingredient.” When the 
proportion of one ingredient goes higher, the proportion of at least another 
ingredient would necessarily go lower. Thus, the enrichment process under 
this interpretation results in a higher proportion of the desirable ingredient 
relative to other ingredients. 
Patent Owner adopts this interpretation. See PO Resp. 19 (“In the 
context of preparing a sequencing library, [Patent Owner] Tecan proposes 
that a nucleic acid sequence of interest is ‘enriched’ when the proportion of 
nucleic acid fragments containing the sequence of interest is increased 
relative to other nucleic acid fragments in the sample.”). According to Patent 
Owner, “amplifying the one or more oligonucleotide extension products . . . 
to enrich for the nucleic acid sequence of interest” in step (d) means 
“increas[ing] the proportion of the nucleic acid sequence of interest relative 
to the nucleic acid fragments in the solution not containing the sequence of 
interest by amplifying the oligonucleotide extension product and its 
complement.” Id. at 21. 
Under the second interpretation, the object for “add” is “a desirable 
ingredient,” whereas the object for “increase” is “the proportion of a 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
14 
desirable ingredient.” This interpretation is broader than the first one in that 
the result of the enrichment process not only encompasses a higher 
proportion of the desirable ingredient relative to other ingredients, but also 
more desirable ingredient in raw number. 
In its Reply, Petitioner argues that the enrichment process only needs 
to result in more sequence of interest in raw number. See Reply 1 (“[T]he 
claims simply require that more fragments containing the sequence of 
interest are created.”); see also id. at 6–7 (arguing that Patent Owner’s 
expert “Dr. Bustamante conceded the proper ‘baseline’ is not a comparison 
to other fragments but rather the number of fragments with the sequence of 
interest expected if the method were not performed”) (citing Ex. 1125, 
283:9–14, 286:2–287:6); id. at 7 (arguing that Patent Owner’s “other expert, 
Dr. Meyer, confirmed that amplification of the sequence of interest 
necessarily results in ‘enrichment’”) (citing Ex. 1126, 170:18–171:1). 
According to Petitioner, we should reject Patent Owner’s contention that 
“the amplification step must amplify fragments with the sequence of interest 
relative to other unrecited fragments (instead of relative to the sequence of 
interest absent the claimed amplification).” Id. at 5. 
Elsewhere, however, Petitioner argues differently. See Pet. 42–43 
(arguing that Meyer discloses step (d) because Meyer’s amplification “was 
to enrich for the 3′ end fragments compared to other cDNA fragments 
present in the sample that lacked the requisite adaptors.”) (emphasis added); 
45 (“[T]he library preparation and sequencing method disclosed in Meyer is 
specifically designed to enrich for nucleic acid fragments (i.e., specifically 
amplify relative to other fragments) containing a particular ‘nucleic acid 
sequence of interest.’”) (emphasis added); 53 (“[T]he Meyer authors 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
15 
confirmed that these fragments were found at a greater prevalence than 
fragments at other portions of the strand, thus confirming that they were 
enriched compared to other mRNA fragments.”) (emphasis added). Putting 
aside whether Meyer discloses as Petitioner alleges, these arguments suggest 
that, in the Petition, Petitioner interprets “enrich” as being “relative to other 
fragments.” 
Thus, Petitioner’s interpretation of “enrich” has changed from 
“relative to other fragments” in the Petition to “not a comparison to other 
fragments” in the Reply. Compare Pet. 42–43, 45, 53, with Reply 6–7. 
Nonetheless, during oral hearing, counsel for Petitioner clarified that 
to “enrich” means to “increase[] relative to the rest of the fragments.” 
Tr. 12:25–26. The panel asked: “In the starting material, there are three 
components, A, B, C, that say it’s 30 percent, 50 percent and 20 percent. 
You do PCR and it -- they all get amplified and the end result is still 30 
percent, 50 percent, and 20 percent. Anything got enriched?” Id. 
at 12:18–21. Petitioner responded that “petitioner’s position is that in that 
situation, there is no enrichment.” Id. at 12:22–23. In other words, Petitioner 
does not disagree with Patent Owner that mere increase in the raw number is 
not enrichment. See also id. at 13:7–9 (“[W]e would agree that if it is truly 
unbiased amplification, that does not result in an increase in the proportion, 
and so that does not meet the plain meaning of enrich.”). 
We find the record, including the testimony from all three declarants, 
supports Patent Owner’s argument. See Sur-reply 1–5 (citing Ex. 1125, 
283:1–6, 286:22–287:14; Ex. 1126, 170:18–171:1; Ex. 2037, 150:18–22, 
173:15–17; Ex. 2038 ¶ 95), 8 (citing Ex. 1125, 271:10–15; Ex. 2037, 
188:22–189:1). Thus, we adopt Patent Owner’s proposal that “a nucleic acid 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
16 
sequence of interest is ‘enriched’ when the proportion of nucleic acid 
fragments containing the sequence of interest is increased relative to other 
nucleic acid fragments in the sample.”9 See PO Resp. 19. 
b. 
Result of Amplification 
Patent Owner argues that “the plain language of the claim and this 
limitation [of step (d)] confirms that the amplification step must cause 
enrichment of the fragment defined in this limitation.” PO Resp. 21. 
Petitioner does not dispute that “at least some of the enrichment must result 
from the recited steps.” Reply 12. Petitioner, however, argues that we should 
reject Patent Owner’s contention that “the amplification step must be solely 
responsible for enrichment.” Id. at 5. 
We agree with Petitioner that “enrichment need not be solely the 
result of amplification.” See Reply 11 (heading normalized). As we 
understand it, however, Patent Owner does not argue otherwise. 
Indeed, claim 1 employs the open-ended transitional phrase 
“comprising.” As such, the claimed method may encompass other, unrecited 
steps, which may result in enrichment of the nucleic acid sequence of 
interest. During the oral hearing, counsel for Patent Owner acknowledged 
 
9 Patent Owner asserts that “the claims require that the sample include 
fragments in the solution that do not contain the sequence of interest and that 
those fragments are not amplified.” PO Resp. 16. During oral hearing, 
counsel for Patent Owner clarified that “it is not Tecan’s position . . . that 
there can only be one thing that’s amplified in a solution.” Tr. 45:16–21. In 
any event, to the extent Patent Owner argues that fragments without the 
sequence of interest cannot be amplified in any step of claim 1, including 
any unrecited step, we disagree. Fragments with the sequence of interest are 
enriched as long as their proportion is increased relative to other fragments 
in the sample, regardless of whether the other fragments are amplified or 
not. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
17 
such a scenario but argued that, under the claimed method, the amplification 
step must independently enrich for the nucleic acid sequence of interest. 
Tr. 50:24–51:19 (denying that “amplification has to be the sole reason” for 
enrichment and agreeing that “enrichment could be because of other [steps], 
but amplification itself has to enrich”). 
Step (d) recites that “amplifying the one or more oligonucleotide 
extension products . . . to enrich for the nucleic acid sequence of interest.” 
We agree with Patent Owner that “[b]ased on grammatical conventions, ‘to 
enrich’ modifies the verb ‘amplify,’” and thus, “the plain language of the 
claim and this limitation confirms that the amplification step must cause 
enrichment of the fragment defined in this limitation,” even though other 
steps in the method may also enrich the sequence. PO Resp. 21–22; 
Sur-reply 8; see also Reply 12 (Petitioner acknowledging that “at least some 
of the enrichment must result from the recited steps”). 
c. 
Summary 
In sum, the parties agree that a nucleic acid sequence of interest is 
enriched not when the raw number is increased, but when the proportion of 
fragments containing the sequence of interest is increased relative to other 
fragments in the sample. The parties also agree that the amplification step 
must result in at least some enrichment of the sequence of interest, even 
though it does not have to be the only cause. As explained above, we agree 
with the parties on both issues. 
Claim terms need only be construed to the extent necessary to resolve 
the controversy. Wellman, Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 
(Fed. Cir. 2011). On this record and for purposes of this Decision, we see no 
need to construe any other claim term expressly. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
18 
D. 
Prior Art Disclosure 
1. 
Meyer 
Meyer describes “methods for transcriptome sequencing using 454, as 
well as strategies for assembling a useful catalog of genes from the output.” 
Ex. 1006, Abstract. These methods were “applied to sequence the 
transcriptome of planulae larvae from the coral Acropora millepora.” Id. 
Meyer describes one method for sequencing coral larval 
transcriptome. Id. at 2, 12–14, Fig. 1. In Additional File 4, Meyer describes a 
second method that includes minor modifications to improve reproducibility 
and further reduce the occurrence of adaptor concatenation. Id. at 14, 19–25. 
Meyer states that the protocol in additional File 4 “is recommended for 
researchers interested in using our methods for 454 sequencing of 
transcriptomes.” Id. at 14. 
Meyer’s second method is schematically illustrated in the figure 
reproduced below. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
19 
 
The figure above is a color schematic showing an improved protocol 
for transcriptome analysis in emerging model organisms, as described in 
Meyer’s Additional File 4. Id. at 20. 
In the first step of this method, cDNA is synthesized and amplified 
from RNA using the SMART™ PCR cDNA Synthesis Kit from Clontech 
and a synthesis primer with a “cap” primer sequence at the 5′ end and a 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
20 
“broken chain” polyT at the 3′ end. Id. at 19–20. The “broken chain” polyT 
primer is used “to reduce read artifacts during 454 pyrosequencing, which 
may get thrown out of calibration by too strong of a light signal produced 
from a long mononucleotide stretch (such as polyT or polyA).” Id. 
In the second step, the cDNA may be normalized and reamplified 
using the “cap” primer, and is fragmented to an average size of 350–400 bp 
using sonication or nebulization. Id. at 19–20. 
Third, the cDNA fragments are end-polished by incubation with a 
DNA polymerase and dNTPs, and then ligated to pseudo-double-stranded 
A+ and B+ adaptors at the “new” 5′ ends. Id. at 19, 20. The A+ and B+ 
adaptors each contain an equimolar mixture of: (1) a long oligo that gets 
ligated at its 3′ end and contains a suppression tag and the standard 454 A or 
B primer sequence, respectively; and (2) a short oligo that is complementary 
to the 3′ end of the long oligo to mimic the double-stranded blunt end for the 
ligase enzyme. Id. at 19. According to Meyer, “[t]he short oligo is not 
ligated since it lacks a 5′-phosphate.” Id. 
In the fourth step, the library is amplified using a mixture of the 
standard 454 A and B primers, as well as two long “step-out” primers 
(A+TrsaC and A+halfswitch) “to incorporate the A+ sequence at each of the 
original cDNA termini.” Id. at 19–20. Meyer explains that “suppression 
tags” are used to “invoke a PCR suppression effect for the fragments that 
end up flanked by the same kind of adapter, which results in exclusive 
amplification of the fragments flanked by both A and B primers.” Id. at 20. 
Meyer further discloses a “chase” step, in which the standard 454 A and B 
primers are used for “[e]xponential amplification.” Id. at 20, 25. 
In the final step, the library is sequenced using the B primer. Id. at 20. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
21 
Meyer states that its methods “resolve several challenges associated 
with 454 sequencing of transcriptomes.” Id. at 9. According to Meyer, 
[b]ecause 454 sequencing does not efficiently process 
homopolymer regions greater than 8 bp in length, the poly-A 
tails at the 3' ends of intact transcripts present a problem, and 
would be expected to result in under-representation of the 3' 
ends of transcripts. In our method, this is resolved by simply 
interrupting the poly-T region with a single C. A single copy of 
this ‘broken-T’ adaptor was found in 98,276 of the raw reads 
(16% of the total), slightly more than the expectation (~10%) 
based on average read length (232 bp) and assuming an average 
transcript size of 2,200 bp. This comparison suggests that the 3' 
ends of transcripts were well-represented in our dataset, 
confirming the effectiveness of this solution for overcoming the 
homopolymer problem. 
Id. 
2. 
Siebert 
Siebert describes a method that improves upon adaptor ligation by 
combining “vectorette PCR” with a newly developed method termed 
“suppression PCR.” Ex. 1007, 1087. According to Siebert, “[s]everal 
PCR-based methods are available for walking from a known region to an 
unknown region in cloned or uncloned genomic DNA,” such as inverse 
PCR, randomly primed PCR, and adaptor ligation PCR; however, these 
methods are generally either too complicated or inefficient to be used to 
walk in uncloned genomic DNA. Id. 
In Siebert’s method, an adaptor is ligated to the ends of DNA 
fragments generated by digestion of human genomic DNA with restriction 
enzymes that yield blunt ends, such as EcoRV, ScaI, DraI, PvuII and SspI. 
Id. The adaptor has one blunt end so that it will ligate to both ends of any 
DNA fragment generated by such restriction enzymes. Id. Siebert’s adaptor 
also includes “two rare restriction enzyme sites for NotI (staggered ends) and 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
22 
SrfI/SmaI (blunt ends) to allow cloning into commonly used vectors such as 
pBluescript (Stratagene),” and a “vectorette” feature characterized by “the 
presence of an amine group on the 3′ end of the lower strand” that “blocks 
polymerase catalyzed extension of the lower adaptor strand” and “prevent[s] 
the generation of the primer binding site unless a defined, distal, 
gene-specific primer extends a DNA strand opposite the upper strand of the 
adapter.” Id. According to Siebert, the adaptor primer is shorter than the 
adaptor and can hybridize to the outer primer binding site. Id. 
Siebert reports that “[i]f any PCR products are generated which 
contain double-stranded adaptor sequences at both ends (due to non-specific 
DNA synthesis), the ends of the individual DNA strands will form 
‘panhandle’ structures following every denaturation step, due to the presence 
of inverted terminal repeats.” Id. According to Siebert, the panhandle 
structures suppress exponential amplification because they are more stable 
than the primer-template hybrid. Id. Alternatively, when a distal gene-
specific primer extends a DNA strand through the adaptor, the extension 
product cannot form the panhandle structure because it contains the adaptor 
sequence only on one end. Id. This allows PCR amplification to proceed 
normally. Id. 
3. 
Kelley 
Kelley describes experiments using a parallel-tagged deep-sequencing 
approach to study the relationship of herbivorous beetle-associated microbial 
community diversity (MCD) to host plant utilization and specialization. 
Ex. 1010, 541–42. 
First, Kelley extracted and purified DNA from microbes in pooled 
insect samples and frass samples, then amplified the DNA using PCR with 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
23 
“universal” bacterial primers. Id. at 543–44. The bacterial primers “were 
designed from regions of the 16S gene conserved in all bacteria (27F 
and 338R)” and “contained a unique 12-nucleotide ‘barcode’ for each 
sample” that allowed the researchers “to pool the PCR products from all the 
samples into one 454 sequencing run.” Id. at 544. 
Next, Kelley purified and quantified the individual PCR products and 
sequenced them using 454 sequencing. Id. 
In a final step, the sequences were analyzed using computational and 
statistical analyses to identify barcodes, to sort the sequences by sample, and 
to identify the microbes based on their sequences. Id. 
4. 
Caruccio 
Caruccio describes methods of preparing next-generation sequencing 
libraries for Roche/454 GS FLX and FLX-Titanium platforms and the 
Illumina/Solexa GAII platform using Nextera™ technology. Ex. 1008, 241, 
246. 
According to Caruccio, sequencing platforms use “three basic 
chemistries to sequence DNA, including pyrosequencing, sequencing by 
synthesis (both cyclic and real time), and sequencing by ligation.” Id. at 241. 
Each of these methods uses a similar three-step workflow for upstream 
sample preparation. Id. at 242. Caruccio explains: 
In the first step, large DNAs are sheared to appropriately sized 
fragments. Next, the DNA fragments are “repaired” to have blunt 
ends or A tails. In the final step, platform-specific adaptors are 
ligated onto the repaired fragments in order to attach the library 
to a solid surface in a spatially separated array via a 
complementary sequence (e.g., a tagged glass slide or bead). 
Id. at 242. Each of the upstream sample preparation steps “consists of 
multiple and distinct handling, incubation, and clean-up procedures, which 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
24 
result in a complex, multistep protocol” that requires “microgram amounts 
of genomic DNA, significant hands-on time, and suffer[s] from limited 
sample throughput.” Id. Caruccio reports that in vitro transposition with 
Nextera™ Transposomes improves upstream sample preparation by 
combining DNA fragmentation, end-polishing, and adaptor-ligation into a 
single reaction that simultaneously fragments and covalently tags target 
DNA, and allows incorporation of platform-specific adaptors and optional 
bar codes. Id. at Abstract, 245–46. 
According to Caruccio, in vitro transposition with Nextera™ 
Transposomes allows sequencing libraries to be prepared using a two-step 
process in which “genomic DNA is fragmented and tagged using in vitro 
transposition”, then “platform-specific adaptors and optional bar codes are 
added and the library is enriched using limited-cycle PCR.” Id. at 242–43. 
Caruccio reports that the process it describes produces DNA fragment 
libraries that are “compatible with the Roche/454 GS FLX and 
FLX-Titanium platforms and the Illumina/Solexa GAII platform” and “can 
be readily adapted to produce DNA fragment libraries that are compatible 
with other sequencing platforms.” Id. at 243. 
5. 
Bronner 
Bronner describes sequencing using the Illumina platform, including 
the molecular biology underpinning the technology and improvements to the 
standard Illumina protocols “to make the library preparation more reliable in 
a high-throughput environment, to reduce bias, tighten the distribution of 
fragment sizes, and to obtain high yields of data more reliably.” Ex. 1009, 3. 
Bronner reports that “the Illumina SBS approach is the dominant 
sequencing technology” due to its high yield of high-quality total sequence 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
25 
obtained and relatively low average cost per base.” Id. at 1. In the Illumina 
SBS workflow, “molecules of DNA are hybridized to oligonucleotides that 
are attached to the polymer-coated glass surface of a flowcell,” then 
“[t]emplates are amplified by flowing enzymes and reagents through the 
channels of the flowcell.” Id. “Once amplified, these molecules form clusters 
of amplicons, each of which is derived from a single template molecule. 
Clusters are then used as templates for sequencing-by-synthesis using 
fluorescent reversible-terminator deoxyribonucleotides.” Id. 
Bronner describes improvements over standard Illumina sequencing 
protocols. Id. at 3–23. According to Bronner, the improvements made the 
sequencing output more robust and reproducible, and increased the output of 
the sequencing runs. Id. at 3. 
E. 
Alleged Anticipation by Meyer 
Petitioner asserts that Meyer anticipates claims 1, 3, 5–8, 10–14, 16, 
and 20–22. Pet. 29–67. After reviewing the entire record developed at trial, 
and as explained below, we determine Petitioner has not shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Meyer anticipates the challenged claims. 
1. 
Claim 1 
We focus our analysis on independent claim 1. Claim 1 is directed to a 
method for sequencing “an enriched nucleic acid sequence of interest.” 
Ex. 1001, 35:18–19. Relevant to our analysis, step (d) recites “amplifying 
the one or more oligonucleotide extension products . . . to enrich for the 
nucleic acid sequence of interest.” Id. at 35:44–49. 
Petitioner argues that Meyer discloses each limitation of claim 1. 
Pet. 45–55. According to Petitioner, 
The Meyer method was a method of enrichment in two senses. 
First, the Meyer method enriched for mRNA specifically, as 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
26 
opposed to other types of RNA or other nucleic acids in the 
original sample. EX1085.¶143; EX1006.0012-13, 0019-20. 
Second, through the use of the 3′ end anchored PCR, the Meyer 
method enriched for the 3′ end fragments compared to other 
mRNA. EX1085.¶144. 
Id. at 33. 
Patent Owner disagrees. PO Resp. 28–45. According to Patent Owner, 
“Meyer does not disclose enrichment of a target sequence through 
amplification as required by claim 1.” Id. at 28 (heading normalized). Patent 
Owner contends that, in Meyer, it is the SMART protocol, and not any 
claimed step, that enriches the sample for mRNA over other types of RNA. 
Id. at 29. Patent Owner also argues that “the amplification step in Meyer was 
not designed to, and does not, enrich for the 3′ end fragments.” Id. at 30–35. 
On this record, we find Patent Owner’s arguments more persuasive. 
We explain our reasoning below. 
a. 
Alleged Enrichment of mRNA 
Meyer discloses a method for sequencing the coral transcriptome. 
Ex. 1006, 1. Dr. Sims, Petitioner’s declarant, opines that Meyer’s 
full-transcriptome sequencing method is “a selective enrichment method, as 
it required selectively enriching for mRNA molecules over other types of 
RNA and other nucleic acids present in the original sample.” Ex. 1085 ¶ 143 
(citing Ex. 1006, 20). Although we agree with Petitioner and Dr. Sims that 
Meyer’s method “enriched for mRNA specifically, as opposed to other types 
of RNA or other nucleic acids in the original sample,” it does not satisfy the 
claimed “enrichment” under our construction. 
As Petitioner recognizes, “Meyer used a commercially-available kit to 
isolate full-length strands of mRNA from other nucleic acids in the sample” 
and reverse transcribed those mRNA molecules to cDNA using the same kit 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
27 
via a method called the “SMART protocol.” Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1006, 12–13, 
20; Ex. 1034; Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 146–147). “[T]he SMART method is able to 
preferentially enrich for full-length cDNAs.” Ex. 1034, 4; Ex. 2038 
¶¶ 176–178; Ex. 2287 ¶ 35. The Meyer reference shows, and Dr. Meyer, the 
first author of the publication, confirms, that the SMART protocol process 
occurred before fragmentation and before the fragments are ligated to 
adaptors. Ex. 1006, 13; Ex. 2287 ¶¶ 37–40. 
During his deposition, Dr. Sims testified that 
[m]y interpretation is that claim 1 describes an enrichment 
process, and so overrepresentation of a nucleic acid sequence of 
interest at the beginning of the process doesn’t satisfy the claim. 
The process described here [in claim 1] enriches. It’s possible 
that other things are going on that also contribute to enrichment, 
but the process described here [in claim 1] is critical for 
enrichment. 
Ex. 2037, 194:9–16. 
We agree with Dr. Sims. As explained above, the amplification step 
must result in at least some enrichment of the sequence of interest, even 
though it does not have to be the only cause. See supra Section II.C.2.b. 
Indeed, Petitioner acknowledges that “at least some of the enrichment must 
result from the recited steps.” Reply 12. Because Meyer’s enrichment for 
mRNA using the SMART protocol occurred before any recited steps of 
claim 1, we find it does not meet the claimed “enrichment” under our 
construction. 
b. 
Alleged Enrichment of the 3′ End Fragments 
Petitioner asserts that “the Meyer method enriched for the 3′ end 
fragments compared to other mRNA.” Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1085 ¶ 144). 
Petitioner draws our attention to the following figure. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
28 
 
The figure above is Petitioner’s annotation of a portion of the 
schematic illustration of the protocol described in Meyer’s Additional File 4. 
Id. at 48. Petitioner maps the “broken chain” T-primer (green box) as the 
claimed “nucleic acid sequence of interest.” Id. at 45, 47. 
According to Petitioner, “[v]ia th[e] anchored PCR reaction and as 
part of the overall Meyer method, the 3′ fragments underwent every step 
recited in the ’012 patent method.” Pet. 32–33. Petitioner argues that, in 
Meyer, following ligation of the partial duplex adaptors (red), a 
target-specific oligonucleotide (green and yellow) was annealed to the 
nucleic acid sequence of interest (green). Id. at 49 (citing Ex. 1006, 20; 
Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 168–174, 190–196). Petitioner contends that extending the 
green-yellow primer resulted in an extension product “comprised of a 
sequence complementary to the red adaptor sequence at one end, the 
complement of the target fragment in the middle, and the green-yellow 
primer sequence, including the yellow adaptor, on the other end.” Id. 
at 50–51 (citing Ex. 1006, 19–20; Ex. 1085 ¶ 198). 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
29 
Petitioner asserts that subsequent PCR reactions amplified the 
extension product using primers complementary to the red and yellow 
adaptors and generated “a library of double-stranded DNA products 
containing the ‘sequence of interest’ (green broken chain T primer) and the 
adjacent mRNA fragment sequence.” Id. at 51–52 (citing Ex. 1006, 19–20; 
Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 199, 200). According to Petitioner, “[t]he result of that 
amplification was to enrich for the 3′ end fragments compared to other 
cDNA fragments present in the sample that lacked the requisite adaptors.” 
Id. at 42–43 (citing Ex. 1006, 20; Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 143, 144, 266, 267, 168–175, 
182); see also id. at 53 (asserts that 3′ end fragments “were found at a 
greater prevalence than fragments at other portions of the strand, thus 
confirming that they were enriched compared to other mRNA fragments”) 
(citing Ex. 1085 ¶ 184). 
On this record, we are not persuaded that the 3′ fragments in Meyer 
are “enriched” under our construction. We explain our reasoning below. 
i. 
Reduce Read Artifacts During 454 Pyrosequencing 
Meyer’s method uses 454 pyrosequencing platform. Ex. 1006, 1, 19. 
“Because 454 sequencing does not efficiently process homopolymer regions 
greater than 8 bp in length, the poly-A tails at the 3' ends of intact transcripts 
present a problem, and would be expected to result in under-representation 
of the 3' ends of transcripts.” Id. at 9. Meyer’s method resolves this issue “by 
simply interrupting the poly-T region with a single C.” Id. “The purpose of 
the ‘broken chain’ T-primer is to reduce read artifacts during 454 
pyrosequencing, which may get thrown out of calibration by too strong of a 
light signal produced from a long mononucleotide stretch (such as polyT or 
polyA).” Id. at 19. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
30 
Dr. Meyer further explains that 
[i]n a typical nucleotide sequence where the sequence is varied, 
a single nucleotide would be added to the complementary 
sequence, emitting a single signal pulse. However, when 
several bases of the same kind appear in a row (a homopolymer 
comprising, for example, sequences CCCC or AAAAAA), the 
addition of the homopolymer-forming nucleotide in that round 
results in multiple base incorporations, generating a brighter 
light signal. The brightness of this signal is used by the 454 
instrument to infer how many bases are repeated within the 
homopolymer sequence. 
This method can malfunction with the poly-A sequence found 
at the end of every protein-coding transcript. Assuming a 
typical library preparation protocol (such as the SMART cDNA 
amplification kit), the poly-A tail could be 30 bases long. 
Incorporation of that many nucleotides in the same 454 
sequencing round would generate a far stronger burst of light 
than the 454 platform’s sensors were equipped to handle. Such 
a burst would essentially blind the sensors, throwing off their 
calibration and leading the instrument to discard the whole read 
as well as reads in neighboring microwells, which could result 
in the failure of the whole sequencing run. 
Even though we ensured that sequencing always starts from the 
actual coral transcript part (Figure 1), due to the randomness of 
fragmentation, the coral part can be short enough for the read to 
run into the adaptor sequence, including the poly-A/T stretch. 
Even though we used a shorter poly-T-primer than standard 
(with only 13 “T” bases in a row, see EX1006.0013), any 
sequencing of that region would have led to us having to 
discard the poly-A/T containing reads and nearby wells. 
Ex. 2287 ¶¶ 29–31. 
Based on Meyer’s disclosure and Dr. Meyer’s unrebutted testimony, 
we find that the issue of “under-representation of the 3' ends of transcripts” 
occurs not in the physical sample, but in the data output from the 454 
sequencer. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
31 
Dr. Meyer repeatedly testifies that the Meyer method employed the 
“broken-T” primer “solely to resolve the ‘poly-A blinding’ problem 
during 454 sequencing.” Ex. 2287 ¶ 67 (citing Ex. 1006, 9, 19); see also id. 
¶ 31 (“We did this to avoid the ‘sensor-blinding’ problem with the 454 
sequencer.”). According to Dr. Meyer, “[t]he breaking of the poly-T chain in 
no way impacted the relative proportion of 3' end fragments that were 
amplified during library preparation.” Id. ¶ 67. 
We credit Dr. Meyer’s testimony, which is further supported by the 
disclosure of the Meyer reference. Indeed, Meyer reports that a single copy 
of this “broken-T” adaptor was found in 16% of the total raw reads, slightly 
more than the expected 10%. Ex. 1006, 9. Instead of supporting Petitioner’s 
argument of enrichment of the 3' end fragments, Meyer explains that “[t]his 
comparison suggests that the 3' ends of transcripts were well-represented in 
our dataset, confirming the effectiveness of this solution for overcoming the 
homopolymer problem.” Id. (emphasis added). 
Employing a “broken-T” adaptor allows the 454 sequencer to 
recognize more 3' end fragments. Petitioner does not explain sufficiently 
why and how we should equate increased recognition, which leads to more 
reads, and thus, better representation of 3' ends of transcripts in the dataset, 
with increased proportion of the 3' end fragments in the physical library. For 
this reason alone, we find Meyer does not disclose enrichment of the 3' end 
fragments. 
ii. 
Unbiased Amplification 
Petitioner also contends that “through the use of the 3′ end anchored 
PCR, the Meyer method enriched for the 3′ end fragments compared to other 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
32 
mRNA.” Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1085 ¶ 144). We are not persuaded by this 
argument either. 
Petitioner’s arguments focus on the 3′ end fragments. Pet. 32–36, 
40–43. Meyer’s method, however, amplifies not only the 3′ end fragments, 
but also the 5′ end and the internal fragments, as shown in the following 
figure. Ex. 1006, 20. 
 
The figure above is an excerpt of the protocol in Meyer’s Additional 
File 4. As Patent Owner correctly points out, 
after the adapters are added, Meyer depicts eight types of 
fragments: two 5’ end fragments that contain either the Primer 
A or Primer B sequence at one end and the cap primer on the 
other, four combinations of internal fragments with different 
sets of flanking primers, and two 3’ end fragments that contain 
either the Primer A or Primer B sequence at one end and the 
modified cap primer on the other. Meyer does not disclose the 
relative proportions of these fragments. EX2287.¶75. 
PO Resp. 31–32. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
33 
Meyer discloses amplifying the adaptor-ligated fragments using four 
primers: the standard 454 A (yellow) and B (red) primers, A+halfswitch 
(yellow and blue, with primer A and sequence complementary to the cap 
primer), and A+TrsaC (yellow and green, with primer A and sequence 
complementary to the broken-T chain). Ex. 1006, 19; Pet. 38; PO Resp. 32. 
As Petitioner acknowledges, “these four primers annealed to their 
respective complementary sequences in the PCR reaction.” Pet. 39 (citing 
Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 169, 173, 174). When discussing the polymerase extension step 
of PCR, however, Petitioner focuses exclusively on one of the four primers, 
“the annealed green-yellow primer is extended” to generate 3′ end 
fragments. Id. at 40; see also Reply 16 (“Meyer taught the use of an 
additional [A+TrsaC] primer to target and amplify 3′ end fragments.”) 
(citing Ex. 1085 ¶ 144). 
In reality, the polymerases, in the same reaction, also extended the 
primers annealed to the 5′ end fragments (blue-yellow) and the internal 
fragments (yellow). Ex. 1006, 19, 20, 25. As Dr. Meyer explains, after the 
primers anneal to their corresponding sequences on the fragments, extension 
products for both end fragments (5′ end and 3′ end), as well as the internal 
fragments were generated. Ex. 2287 ¶ 44. We find a POSA would readily 
understand this scientific fact about how the Meyer method works. Indeed, 
Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Sims, presents no persuasive response to 
Dr. Meyer on this point. 
Thus, Petitioner’s assertion that “Meyer extended the annealed 
fragments to generate 3′ fragments with adaptors on both ends” (Pet. 40, 
heading normalized), although not incorrect, paints an incomplete picture. 
Petitioner neglects to mention that Meyer also extended other annealed 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
34 
fragments to generate 5′ end fragments and internal fragments with adaptors 
on both ends. 
Petitioner maps claim 1’s amplification step (d) to Meyer’s “chase” 
step, in which the standard 454 A and B primers are used for “[e]xponential 
amplification.” Pet. 41 (“[I]n subsequent rounds of the ongoing PCR 
reaction, the resulting extension product was further amplified in subsequent 
cycles by primers to the red and yellow sequences.”) (citing Ex. 1006, 20; 
Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 174, 175); see also Ex. 1006, 20, 25 (showing conditions for the 
“chase” step). 
Dr. Meyer testifies that “[a]ll fragments with a Primer A binding site 
on one end and a Primer B binding site on the other end were exponentially 
amplified.” Ex. 2287 ¶ 45. In other words, the 5′ end fragments, the internal 
fragments, and the 3′ end fragments, as long as they have two different 
primer binding sites on the two ends, were all amplified. See Ex. 1006, 20 
(disclosing “exclusive amplification of the fragments flanked by both A and 
B primers”). 
Petitioner does not dispute this point, agreeing that “Meyer amplified 
the extension products of the prior step using primers that were 
complementary to the red and yellow adaptors.” Pet. 42 (citing Ex. 1006, 20; 
Ex. 1085 ¶ 174). Petitioner, however, asserts that “[t]he result of that 
amplification was to enrich for the 3′ end fragments compared to other 
cDNA fragments present in the sample that lacked the requisite adaptors.” 
Id. at 42–43 (citing Ex. 1006, 20; Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 143, 144, 266, 267, 168–175, 
182); see also Reply 16 (arguing “the amplification step in Meyer created 
exponentially more 3′ end fragments”). 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
35 
We are not persuaded by this argument because Petitioner, again, 
focuses on the 3′ extension products only, and ignores the 5′ and internal 
extension products. As shown in the figure below, the 5′ and internal 
extension products also have the red and yellow primers. 
 
The figure above is an excerpt of the protocol in Meyer’s Additional 
File 4. Ex. 1006, 20. It shows a 5′ extension product, two internal extension 
products, and a 3′ extension product, each of which is flanked by both A 
(yellow) and B (red) primers. In view of this, we find Petitioner has not 
explained sufficiently why amplification “using primers that were 
complementary to the red and yellow adaptors” would “enrich for the 3′ end 
fragments compared to other cDNA fragments.” See Pet. 42–43. 
Petitioner’s theory is flawed, but not simply because the 5′ end 
fragments and the internal fragments were amplified alongside the 3′ end 
fragments. As explained above, “[f]ragments with the sequence of interest 
are enriched as long as their proportion is increased relative to other 
fragments in the sample, regardless of whether the other fragments are 
amplified or not.” Supra fn. 9. To prevail in this proceeding, however, 
Petitioner must show Meyer’s amplification step results in at least some 
enrichment of the 3′ end fragments, even though it need not be solely 
responsible for the enrichment. See supra Section II.C.2.b. This, Petitioner 
has not done. 
Petitioner contends that enrichment is nonetheless shown based on 
Meyer’s disclosure that the 3′ end fragments were found in 16% of the total 
reads, “slightly more than the expectation (~10%).” Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1006, 
9; Ex. 1085 ¶¶ 145, 184); Reply 17 (citing Ex. 1006, 9). We are not 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
36 
persuaded that this comparison demonstrates Meyer discloses enrichment of 
the 3′ end fragments under our construction of “enrich.” 
First, as explained above, Meyer explicitly states that this comparison 
refers to the number of reads in the dataset, which, according to Dr. Meyer, 
does not correspond to the number of 3′ end fragments in the physical library 
due to “the ‘sensor-blinding’ problem with the 454 sequencer.” See supra 
Section II.E.1.b.i (citing Ex. 1006, 9; Ex. 2287 ¶¶ 31, 67). 
Second, under our construction of “enrich,” the amplification step 
must result in at least some enrichment of the sequence of interest, even 
though it does not have to be the only cause. See supra Section II.C.2.b. 
Here, even if we consider the 16% to 10% comparison as reflecting the 
increase of 3′ end fragments in the physical library, Petitioner has not shown 
that increase, or at least part of that increase, is the result of the amplification 
step. After all, the library was first amplified in the same reaction using a 
mixture of primers to generate the 5′ extension products, the internal 
extension products, and the 3′ extension products, all of which were flanked 
by both A (yellow) and B (red) primers. Afterwards, those extension 
products were all amplified using the same primers, again, in the same 
reaction. Because these are unbiased amplifications, we find Petitioner has 
not shown it enriched the 3′ end fragments. See Tr. 13:7–9 (Petitioner 
“agree[d] that if it is truly unbiased amplification, that does not result in an 
increase in the proportion, and so that does not meet the plain meaning of 
enrich”). 
Third, Dr. Meyer testified that the Meyer method “was not designed 
to target specific regions of the mRNA transcripts. In order to accurately 
sequence the entire length of the transcripts, we specifically did not want to 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
37 
enrich certain targets within those transcripts.” Ex. 2287 ¶ 70. According to 
Dr. Meyer, the observed 16% “was a good match” to the “very approximate 
‘ballpark’ estimate” of 10%, indicating the method “was not off by several 
fold in terms of over- or under-representation of 3'-end fragments.” Id. ¶ 58. 
Dr. Meyer further testified that the 16% reads with broken-T sequence 
“was not a measure of enrichment but a way for confirming that the broken 
chain T sequence appeared within a reasonable amount of sequencing reads. 
Nor could it have been a measure of enrichment.” Id. ¶ 74; see also id. ¶ 75 
(“The data does not reflect the inadvertent enrichment of the 3' end fragment 
over other cDNA fragments during amplification . . . [because] the 
approximate, back-of-the-envelope nature of our prediction of expected 
sequences (10%) simply cannot support such an inference.”). 
Petitioner argues that “Dr. Meyer was never provided the patent, 
never provided with the board’s construction [of “enrich”], and never 
provided with Tecan’s construction. So it’s completely unclear what the 
single paragraph in Dr. Meyer’s declaration was meant to mean, or what he 
thought enrichment meant, or what construction he thought he was 
applying.” Tr. 26:2–6. We are not persuaded by this argument. 
In denying that the observed 16% represents enrichment of the 3' end 
fragments over the observed 10%, Dr. Meyer specifically pointed out that 
the authors “never reported in Meyer on the number of 5' end fragments or 
internal fragments for comparison.” Ex. 2287 ¶ 75. According to Dr. Meyer, 
the Meyer method “produced a sequence dataset that included 5' ends of 
genes, 3' ends of genes, and internal regions of genes,” a “dataset that wasn’t 
completely lacking in any one of those three categories.” Ex. 1126, 
179:19–180:2. He explained that although the Meyer method achieved the 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
38 
goal of representing all the regions of a gene “in terms of presence and 
absence,” there was insufficient data to make “quantitative comparison,” that 
is, to evaluate “whether the frequency of those fragments in the final pool 
was more or less than it started at or more or less than the other fragments.” 
Id. at 180:3–181:5. 
Dr. Meyer’s testimony demonstrates that he understood and applied 
the plain and ordinary meaning of “enrich.” As such, we credit Dr. Meyer’s 
testimony that “[a]ny suggestion that the data reflects an enrichment of the 3' 
end fragments over the other cDNA fragments in our library of fragments 
that were sequenced misinterprets what we actually reported in Meyer.” 
Ex. 2287 ¶ 77. 
c. 
Summary 
In sum, we find Petitioner has not shown sufficiently Meyer discloses 
“amplifying the one or more oligonucleotide extension products . . . to 
enrich for the nucleic acid sequence of interest,” as recited in step (d) of 
claim 1. Thus, Petitioner has not met its burden to show that Meyer 
anticipates claim 1. 
2. 
Claims 3, 5–8, 10–14, 16, and 20–22 
Petitioner contends that Meyer anticipates claims 3, 5–8, 10–14, 16, 
and 20–22. Pet. 55–67. Each of claims 3, 5–8, 10–14, 16, and 20–22 
depends from claim 1. Because Petitioner has not shown that Meyer 
anticipates claim 1, we find Petitioner has not met its burden to show that 
Meyer anticipates claims 3, 5–8, 10–14, 16, and 20–22. 
F. 
Alleged Obviousness over Meyer and Siebert 
Claim 2 depends from claim 1, and further recites “the nucleic acid 
fragment comprises genomic DNA.” Petitioner asserts that claim 2 would 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
39 
have been obvious over the combination of Meyer and Siebert. Pet. 69–72. 
Petitioner relies on Siebert for teaching the additional limitation recited in 
claim 2 only. Id. Because Petitioner has not shown that Meyer discloses 
step (d) of claim 1, and Petitioner does not rely on Siebert for teaching that 
limitation, we find Petitioner has not met its burden to show that claim 2 
would have been obvious over the combination of Meyer and Siebert. 
G. 
Alleged Obviousness over Meyer and Kelley 
Claim 9 depends from claim 1, and further recites “the barcode 
sequence is 12 nucleotides in length.” Petitioner asserts that claim 9 would 
have been obvious over the combination of Meyer and Kelley. Pet. 72–74. 
Petitioner relies on Kelley for teaching the additional limitation recited in 
claim 9 only. Id. Because Petitioner has not shown that Meyer discloses 
step (d) of claim 1, and Petitioner does not rely on Kelley for teaching that 
limitation, we find Petitioner has not met its burden to show that claim 9 
would have been obvious over the combination of Meyer and Kelley. 
H. 
Alleged Obviousness over Meyer, Caruccio, and Bronner 
Each of claims 15 and 17–19 depends from claim 1. Claim 15 further 
recites “the second strand of the partial duplex adaptor is ligated to a 3′ end 
of the nucleic acid fragment.” Claim 17 recites “[t]he method of claim 1, 
further comprising performing bridge amplification of the annealed strand 
after step e).” Claim 18 further recites “the sequencing comprises use of four 
labeled reversible terminators.” And claim 19 further recites “the sequencing 
comprises semiconductor sequencing.” 
Petitioner asserts that claims 15 and 17–19 would have been obvious 
over the combination of Meyer, Caruccio, and Bronner. Pet. 75–80. 
Petitioner relies on Caruccio and Bronner for teaching the additional 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
40 
limitation recited in claims 15 and 17–19 only. Id. Because Petitioner has 
not shown that Meyer discloses step (d) of claim 1, and Petitioner does not 
rely on Caruccio and Bronner for teaching that limitation, we find Petitioner 
has not met its burden to show that claims 15 and 17–19 would have been 
obvious over the combination of Meyer, Caruccio, and Bronner. 
III. 
MOTION TO SEAL 
Patent Owner moved to seal Exhibits 2200–2285 and limit access to 
these Exhibits to the Board and Patent Owner only. Paper 44. Patent Owner 
explained that these Exhibits were submitted for in camera review in 
connection with its request to substitute Dr. Meyer for Dr. Matz. Id. at 2. In 
the Order granting Patent Owner’s request, the panel pointed out that there 
was no motion to seal concerning these Exhibits. Paper 39, 5. The panel 
explained that “[i]f Patent Owner intends to maintain those materials as 
confidential and available only for the Board’s review, Patent Owner must 
file a motion to seal.” Id. 
There is a strong public policy for making all information filed in an 
inter partes review open to the public, especially because the proceeding 
determines the patentability of claims in an issued patent and, therefore, 
affects the rights of the public. Generally, all papers filed in an inter partes 
review shall be made available to the public. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(a)(1); 
37 C.F.R. § 42.14. Our rules, however, “aim to strike a balance between the 
public’s interest in maintaining a complete and understandable file history 
and the parties’ interest in protecting truly sensitive information.” Patent 
Trial and Appeal Board Consolidated Trial Practice Guide 19 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
41 
(November 2019) (“TPG”).10 Thus, a party may move to seal certain 
information (37 C.F.R. § 42.14); but only “confidential information” is 
protected from disclosure (35 U.S.C. § 316(a)(7)). 
The standard for granting a motion to seal is “for good cause.” 
37 C.F.R. § 42.54(a). The party moving to seal bears the burden of proof and 
must explain why the information sought to be sealed constitutes 
confidential information. Id. § 42.20(c). 
Upon review of Exhibits 2200–2285, we agree with Patent Owner that 
“[t]hese documents contain or reflect privileged and confidential 
communications between [Patent Owner] Tecan and its retained witnesses. 
These documents also reflect privileged attorney work product as the 
documents contain litigation insight, attorney mental impressions, and draft 
reports.” Paper 44, 2. Thus, we find that good cause exists to seal these 
Exhibits. 
IV. 
CONCLUSION 
After reviewing the entire record, we determine that Petitioner has not 
met its burden to show, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1–3 
and 5–22 of the ’012 patent are unpatentable. 
 
10 Available at https://www.uspto.gov/TrialPracticeGuideConsolidated. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
42 
In summary: 
 
V. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 1–3 and 5–22 of the ’012 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Patent Owner’s Motion to Seal 
(Paper 44) is granted; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2.
Claims 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
References 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 3, 5–8, 
10–14, 
16, 20–22 
102 
Meyer 
 
1, 3, 5–8, 10–14, 
16, 20–22 
2 
103(a) 
Meyer, 
Siebert 
 
2 
9 
103(a) 
Meyer, 
Kelley 
 
9 
15, 17–19 
103(a) 
Meyer, 
Caruccio, 
Bronner 
 
15, 17–19 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1–3, 5–22 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2025-00015 
Patent 10,036,012 B2 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Thomas Fletcher 
Jessamyn Berniker 
Nicholas Vincent 
WILLIAMS & CONNOLLY LLP 
tfletcher@wc.com 
jberniker@wc.com 
nvincent@wc.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Linnea Cipriano 
Scott Weingaertner 
GOODWIN PROCTER LLP 
lcipriano@goodwinlaw.com 
sweingaertner@goodwinlaw.com