--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper No. 43 
571-272-7822 
Date: February 9, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
AMPHASTAR PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
AEGIS THERAPEUTICS, LLC, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
Before ROBERT A. POLLOCK, TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, and 
CYNTHIA M. HARDMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
HARDMAN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining Some Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
Denying Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
This is a Final Written Decision in an inter partes review challenging 
the patentability of claims 1–20 of U.S. Patent No. 10,682,414 B2 (“the ’414 
patent,” Ex. 1001). We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. 
Petitioner has the burden of proving unpatentability of the challenged 
claims by a preponderance of the evidence. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e) (2018). 
Having reviewed the parties’ arguments and cited evidence, for the reasons 
discussed below, we find that Petitioner has demonstrated by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 2, and 7–17 are unpatentable, 
but has not demonstrated that claims 3–6 and 18–20 are unpatentable. 
Additionally, for the reasons discussed below, we deny Petitioner’s Motion 
to Exclude (Paper 37). 
A. 
Procedural History 
Petitioner Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed a Petition for inter 
partes review of claims 1–20 of the ’414 patent. Paper 1 (“Pet.”). Patent 
Owner Aegis Therapeutics, LLC filed a Preliminary Response to the 
Petition. Paper 7. The parties further submitted an authorized Reply and 
Sur-reply to the Preliminary Response. Papers 10, 11. In view of the then-
available preliminary record, we instituted an inter partes review. Paper 12 
(“Dec.”). 
After institution, Patent Owner filed a Response. Paper 20 (“PO 
Resp.”). Petitioner filed a Reply. Paper 25 (“Reply”). Patent Owner filed a 
Sur-reply. Paper 35 (“Sur-reply”). 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Exclude Evidence. Paper 37. Patent 
Owner opposed that motion. Paper 39. Petitioner filed a Reply in support of 
the motion. Paper 40. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
3 
On November 16, 2022, we held an oral hearing, the transcript of 
which is of record. Paper 42 (“Tr.”). 
B. 
Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself as the real party in interest (“RPI”). Pet. 1. 
Patent Owner identifies itself and ARS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as RPIs. Paper 
5, 1. 
C. 
Related Matters 
Petitioner identifies U.S. Patent Application No. 16/869,461 (filed 
May 7, 2020) as related to the ’414 patent. Pet. 1. Patent Owner identifies 
no related matters. Paper 5, 1. 
D. 
The ’414 Patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ʼ414 patent, titled “Intranasal Epinephrine Formulations and 
Methods for the Treatment of Disease,” relates to intranasal epinephrine 
formulations and methods of treating anaphylaxis.1 Ex. 1001, code (54), 
1:17–19. Per the Specification, “[a]naphylaxis is a severe, potentially life-
threatening type-1 hypersensitivity reaction (systemic allergic reaction) that 
affects many body systems.” Id. at 1:38–40. The Specification notes that 
although epinephrine injection is the standard treatment for anaphylaxis, 
 
1 The ’414 patent issued on an application filed May 22, 2019, which 
application is a continuation of an application filed February 6, 2019, and 
further claims priority to a provisional application filed December 21, 2018. 
Ex. 1001, codes (22), (60), (63). Petitioner assumes that the challenged 
claims are entitled to claim priority to December 21, 2018. Pet. 8–9. Patent 
Owner notes the priority claim to the December 21, 2018 provisional 
application, but does not appear to take a position on priority date. See PO 
Resp. 6. For purposes of this Decision, we will consider December 21, 
2018, as the priority date but note that our analysis on this record would not 
change if the filing dates in February or May 2019 were used. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
4 
there have been “numerous reports of the highly variable exposures from 
injection products depending on the location of the injection (intramuscular 
or subcutaneous), and other factors such as body mass index (BMI).” Id. at 
1:60–2:9. The Specification identifies a “need for alternative, needle-free 
and non-invasive methods for dosing epinephrine.” Id. at 2:24–25. 
Challenged claim 1 relates to a method of treating a type-1 
hypersensitivity reaction in a mammal via intranasal administration of an 
aqueous nasal spray pharmaceutical formulation that includes between about 
0.1 mg and about 2.4 mg of epinephrine or a salt thereof. Id. at 72:15–23. 
The Specification includes exemplary formulations (id. at 60:63–
62:21, Tables 2–4) and two clinical studies (id. at 63:30–71:58). The first 
clinical study assesses the comparative bioavailability of epinephrine after 
intranasal administration and intramuscular administration. Id. at 63:30–39. 
The intranasal formulation comprised 0.3 mg epinephrine, dodecylmaltoside 
(“DDM”2), benzalkonium chloride (“BKC”3), and 
ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (“EDTA”). Id. at 64:26–31. The 
intramuscular injection delivered 0.3 mg of epinephrine. Id. at 64:31–33. 
The Specification reports that “[m]ean plasma concentration of epinephrine 
from IN [intranasal] administration remained significantly below that of 
 
2 DDM, an alkylglycoside (or alkylsaccharide), functions as an absorption 
enhancer, and is sold under the tradename INTRAVAIL. Ex. 1001, 35:50–
36:14, 46:67–47:11. The INTRAVAIL tradename covers a class of 
alkylsaccharides. Ex. 1017, 6–7. 
3 Benzalkonium chloride is also sometimes abbreviated “BZK.” See, e.g., 
Ex. 1001, 37:33; PO Resp. 7–8. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
5 
epinephrine from intramuscular epinephrine.” Id. at 66:15–18; see also id. 
at Fig. 3. 
The second clinical study first assesses “the optimal dose of a 
formulation of intranasal epinephrine,” then compares the bioavailability of 
that optimal intranasal dose to an intramuscular dose. Id. at 66:49–57. 
Subjects first received escalating intranasal doses of 0.5 mg, 1.0 mg, and 2.0 
mg epinephrine, where the formulations again comprised epinephrine, 
DDM, BKC, and EDTA. Id. at 66:62–67:33. The 1.0 mg and 2.0 mg 
intranasal formulations exhibited a lower Tmax than the intramuscular 
formulation exhibited in the first clinical study, and the area under the 
plasma concentration time curve (“AUC”) was higher for all intranasal 
formulations than for the intramuscular formulation. Id. at 69:39–58, 
Figs. 4–7. 
The bioavailability of the 1.0 mg intranasal epinephrine dose was then 
compared to that of a 0.3 mg epinephrine intramuscular injection. Id. at 
66:62–67:17. According to the Specification, “the plasma time vs. 
concentration curve for 1.0 mg IN epinephrine is very similar to that for 
0.3 mg IM [intramuscular] epinephrine (EpiPen®) administered in the 
thigh.” Id. at 69:66–70:42, Figs. 8, 9. Per the Specification, these data 
“demonstrate that 1.0 mg intranasal epinephrine can be formulated to be 
highly similar to or better than a 0.3 mg intramuscular injection of 
epinephrine.” Id. at 45–48. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
6 
E. 
The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges all claims (1–20) of the ’414 patent. Pet. 1. 
Claim 1, the only challenged independent claim, reads: 
1. A method of treatment of a type-1 hypersensitivity 
reaction in a mammal comprising administering intranasally to 
the mammal in need thereof an aqueous nasal spray 
pharmaceutical formulation; wherein the aqueous nasal spray 
pharmaceutical formulation comprises: 
an anaphylaxis active ingredient, wherein the anaphylaxis 
active ingredient consists of between about 0.1 mg and about 
2.4 mg of epinephrine, or a salt thereof in a single dose. 
Ex. 1001, 72:15–23. The challenged dependent claims add additional 
features. For example, claim 3 depends from claim 1 and requires that the 
intranasal administration of the claimed nasal spray “provides a plasma 
epinephrine concentration that is efficacious for the treatment of 
anaphylaxis.” Id. at 72:33–37. Claim 7 depends from claim 1 and requires, 
among other things, that the claimed nasal spray comprises “one or more 
absorption enhancement agents.” Id. at 72:54–62. Claim 11 depends from 
claim 7 and requires that BKC is present in specific amounts, as the sole 
absorption enhancement agent or with one or more other absorption 
enhancement agents. Id. at 73:31–43. Claims 19 and 20 depend (directly or 
indirectly) from claim 3, and require that the nasal spray comprises, among 
other things, DDM and BKC. Id. at 74:23–45. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
7 
F. 
The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
We instituted trial based on the following three grounds of 
unpatentability: 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–18 
§ 102 
Potta4 
1–20 
§ 103 
Potta, Maggio,5 Munjal6 
1–20 
§ 103 
Srisawat,7 Maggio, Munjal 
Dec. 45; Pet. 4. 
Petitioner support its contentions with two declarations from Hugh D. 
C. Smyth, Ph.D. (Exs. 1002, 1083), a declaration from Steven F. Weinstein, 
M.D. (Ex. 1003), and a declaration from S. Craig Dyar, Ph.D., R.Ph. 
(Ex. 1082). Patent Owner support its contentions with a declaration from 
Michael A. Kaliner, M.D. (Ex. 2013) and a declaration from Joseph 
W. Wyse, Ph.D. (Ex. 2014). 
 
4 Potta et al., U.S. Patent Pub. 2018/0289617 A1, published October 11, 
2018 (“Potta,” Ex. 1004). 
5 Maggio, U.S. Patent Pub. 2014/0107145 A1, published April 17, 2014 
(“Maggio,” Ex. 1005). The parties sometimes refer to this reference as 
“Maggio ’145.” 
6 Srisawat et al., A Preliminary Study of Intranasal Epinephrine 
Administration as a Potential Route for Anaphylaxis Treatment, 34 ASIAN 
PAC. J. ALLERGY. IMMUNOL. 38 (2016) (“Srisawat,” Ex. 1006). 
7 Munjal et al., A Randomized Trial Comparing the Pharmacokinetics, 
Safety, and Tolerability of DFN-02, an Intranasal Sumatriptan Spray 
Containing a Permeation Enhancer, with Intranasal and Subcutaneous 
Sumatriptan in Healthy Adults, 56 HEADACHE 1455 (2016) (“Munjal,” 
Ex. 1020). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
8 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
We consider the grounds of unpatentability in view of the 
understanding of a person of ordinary skill in the art (sometimes referred to 
herein as “POSA” or “skilled artisan”) as of December 21, 2018. See supra 
n.1. Petitioner contends: 
a person of ordinary skill in the art (POSA) would have been 
composed of an individual or a team that would have included 
(1) an advanced degree (e.g., M.D., Pharm. D., Ph.D., or 
D.V.M.) and training in pharmacology, pharmaceutical sciences 
or related discipline or experience treating type-1 
hypersensitivity reactions in a mammal and (2) at least two 
years of experience with the development of small molecule 
pharmaceutical formulations and the development and science 
of intranasal or mucosal delivery systems or the treatment of 
type-1 hypersensitivity reactions in a mammal. 
Alternatively, the POSA would have been composed of an 
individual or a team that would have included (1) a bachelor’s 
degree or similar; and (2) more than seven years of experience 
with the development of small molecule pharmaceutical 
formulations and the development and science of intranasal or 
mucosal delivery systems or the treatment of type-1 
hypersensitivity reactions in a mammal. 
To the extent necessary, a POSA may collaborate with one or 
more other POSAs, such as an expert in pharmaceutical 
formulations or a medical doctor, for one or more aspects with 
which the other POSA may have expertise, experience, and/or 
knowledge. 
Pet. 7–8 (spacing added). For purposes of this proceeding, Patent Owner 
accepts Petitioner’s proposal. PO Resp. 9. 
We adopt Petitioner’s proposed level of ordinary skill in the art 
because it is unopposed and consistent with the cited prior art. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
9 
Based on their statements of qualifications and curricula vitae, we find 
Petitioner’s declarants (Drs. Smyth, Weinstein, and Dyar), and Patent 
Owner’s declarants (Drs. Kaliner and Wyse) qualified to provide technical 
opinions from the perspective of a person of ordinary skill in the art. 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 2–12, pp. 292–341 (Dr. Smyth’s statement of qualifications and 
curriculum vitae); Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 2–12, pp. 208–17 (Dr. Weinstein’s statement 
of qualifications and curriculum vitae); Ex. 1082 ¶¶ 2–18, pp. 63–65 
(Dr. Dyar’s statement of qualifications and curriculum vitae); Ex. 2013 
¶¶ 3–13, pp. 122–71 (Dr. Kaliner’s statement of qualifications and 
curriculum vitae); Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 4–11, pp. 85–88 (Dr. Wyse’s statement of 
qualifications and curriculum vitae).8 
Patent Owner argues that we should accord “little weight” to 
Dr. Dyar’s testimony because he has only limited experience working with 
epinephrine, alkylsaccharides, and intranasal formulations. PO Resp. 10–11. 
We are not persuaded that this is a reason to discount Dr. Dyar’s testimony. 
The level of ordinary skill we adopt herein does not require this specific 
 
8 Patent Owner asserts that Dr. Smyth’s Reply Declaration (Ex. 1083) 
“hardly differs from Dr. Smyth’s 290-page first declaration, except where it 
parrots Dr. Dyar’s declaration.” Sur-reply 10 n.2. We observe that both 
parties use multiple declarants, and in many cases, duplicative citations (e.g., 
citing to two of their own declarants, who provide essentially identical 
opinions). Petitioner also at times cites to an excessive number of 
declaration paragraphs at one time. See PO Resp. 39 n.5. “Although parties 
are given wide latitude in how they present their cases,” the parties are 
reminded that in the Board’s experience, parties should “focus on concise, 
well-organized, easy-to-follow arguments supported by readily identifiable 
evidence of record.” PTAB Consolidated Trial Practice Guide (Nov. 2019), 
at 39; available at https://www.uspto.gov/about-us/news-updates/
consolidated-trial-practice-guide-november-2019. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
10 
experience. Rather, the level of skill requires, e.g., an advanced degree in 
pharmaceutical sciences and at least two years of experience with the 
development and science of intranasal or mucosal delivery systems. 
Dr. Dyar holds a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Science and has over 30 years of 
experience working, consulting, and teaching in the field of pharmaceutical 
sciences, including with respect to ophthalmic ointments and sublingual 
tablets, which are mucosal delivery systems. Ex. 1082 ¶¶ 2, 3, 5–7. We 
give Dr. Dyar’s testimony appropriate weight in view of his qualifications 
and experience. 
B. 
Claim Construction 
We interpret a claim “using the same claim construction standard that 
would be used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 
282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). Under this standard, we construe the claim 
“in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such claim as 
understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution history 
pertaining to the patent.” Id. 
Petitioner raises two terms for construction: “[a] method of treatment” 
(a portion of claim 1’s preamble), and “provides a plasma epinephrine 
concentration that is efficacious for the treatment of anaphylaxis” (claim 3). 
Pet. 13–20. Patent Owner address the entire preamble of claim 1; the term 
Petitioner addresses from claim 3; and two additional terms recited in 
claim 1 (“administering intranasally to a mammal” and “aqueous”). 
PO Resp. 16–17. 
We address the preamble (claim 1) and “provides a plasma 
epinephrine concentration that is efficacious for the treatment of 
anaphylaxis” (claim 3), but determine that on this record we need not 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
11 
address any other claim term. See Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, 
Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (stating that only claim terms in 
controversy need be construed and only to the extent necessary to resolve 
the controversy). 
1. 
“A method of treatment” (Claim 1) 
Petitioner contends that the portion of claim 1’s preamble reciting 
“[a] method of treatment” should be construed as non-limiting, because it 
merely states the purpose or intended use of the formulations recited in the 
claim, but offers no additional step, limitation, or antecedent basis for the 
claim. Pet. 13–14. In the event we find this preamble phrase limiting, 
Petitioner alternatively proposes a construction. Id. at 14. 
Patent Owner asserts that “[a] method of treatment” should not be 
construed in isolation, but rather the entire preamble (“[a] method of 
treatment of a type-1 hypersensitivity reaction in a mammal”) should be 
construed to mean: 
administration of a dose of epinephrine to a mammal that elicits 
a biological or medicinal response that (i) is being sought by a 
researcher or healthcare provider; and (ii) is related to 
preventing the progression or appearance of, or eliminating, one 
or more symptoms of type-1 hypersensitivity. 
PO Resp. 10. 
In our Institution Decision, we determined that “[a] method of 
treatment” is not limiting, and more specifically, does not invoke an efficacy 
requirement. Dec. 12–14. For example, we found that this phrase does not 
recite an essential structure or step that “result[s] in a manipulative 
difference in the steps of the claim.” Id. at 13 (quoting Bristol-Myers Squibb 
Co. v. Ben Venue Labs., Inc., 246 F.3d 1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2001)). 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
12 
Rather, we found that the body of claim 1 recites (in general terms) 
intranasal administration of a particular nasal spray in particular amounts to 
a subset of mammals, and this method is “performed in the same way 
regardless [of] whether or not the patient experiences” an efficacious result. 
Id. (quoting Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., 246 F.3d at 1375). 
In arguing that the entire preamble is limiting, Patent Owner asserts 
that the portion of the preamble that reads “. . . of a type-1 hypersensitivity 
reaction in a mammal” provides important context, e.g., it specifies what the 
claimed method does, “namely, treatment of a type-1 hypersensitivity 
reaction in a mammal.” PO Resp. 12. Patent Owner also argues that 
because “the body of the claim directs that the method be performed on 
someone in need,” this “gives life and meaning to the preamble’s statement 
of purpose.” Id. at 12–13. Finally, Patent Owner argues that the preamble is 
limiting because it provides antecedent basis for the later recitation of the 
phrase “the mammal.” Id. at 13. 
Consistent with our preliminary finding in the Institution Decision, on 
the full trial record, we determine that the preamble, when considered as a 
whole, has at least some limiting effect. Dec. 13 n.8. In particular, we find 
that the language “[a] method of treatment of a type-1 hypersensitivity 
reaction in a mammal . . . in need thereof” defines the intended patient 
population, i.e., mammals in need of treatment of a type-1 hypersensitivity 
reaction. Id. Thus, contrary to Patent Owner’s contentions, we are not 
ignoring relevant context provided by the preamble. 
This finding does not, however, convert the phrase “[a] method of 
treatment” into an efficacy requirement. See, e.g., TomTom, Inc. v. Adolph, 
790 F.3d 1315, 1323 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (finding that although a portion of the 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
13 
preamble provides necessary structure, this “does not necessarily convert the 
entire preamble into a limitation, particularly one that only states the 
intended use of the invention”). We see no basis for Patent Owner’s 
argument that the preamble requires “administration of a dose of epinephrine 
to a mammal that elicits a biological or medicinal response.” PO Resp. 10. 
Patent Owner draws on Eli Lilly & Co. v. Teva Pharmaceuticals 
International GmbH, 8 F.4th 1331, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2021), but the claims 
there have important differences. PO Resp. 12; Sur-reply 22. The 
preambles in Eli Lilly are directed to “[a] method for treating headache,” and 
the claim bodies recite a step of “administering to the individual an effective 
amount” of the claimed antibody. Eli Lilly & Co., 8 F.4th at 1335 (emphasis 
added). The Federal Circuit found the preambles limiting because they 
“provide the only metric by which one practicing the claim could determine 
whether the amount administered is an ‘effective amount.’” Id. Here, in 
contrast, challenged claim 1 does not recite an “effective amount” limitation, 
or any other limitation that demands a certain efficacy result. Rather, as 
stated above, the claim recites administration of nasal spray in particular 
amounts, such that the method is “performed in the same way regardless [of] 
whether or not the patient experiences” an efficacious result. Bristol-Myers 
Squibb Co., 246 F.3d at 1375. Thus, Patent Owner’s argument is not 
supported by the language of claim 1 itself. 
Patent Owner does not persuade us that the preamble of claim 1 
incorporates an efficacy requirement, or that it should be construed in 
accordance with Patent Owner’s proposal. As discussed above, although the 
entire preamble helps define the intended patient population, i.e., mammals 
in need of treatment of a type-1 hypersensitivity reaction, we find that 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
14 
neither the term “A method of treatment,” nor any other language in the 
preamble or claim, requires a “biological or medicinal response” as recited 
in Patent Owner’s proposed construction. Rather, we agree with Petitioner 
that “[a] method of treatment,” in isolation, is non-limiting. 
2. 
“provides a plasma epinephrine concentration that is 
efficacious for the treatment of anaphylaxis” (Dependent 
Claim 3) 
Claim 3 recites: 
The method of claim 1, wherein: 
intranasal administration of the single dose of the 
aqueous nasal spray pharmaceutical formulation to the 
mammal provides a plasma epinephrine concentration 
that is efficacious for the treatment of anaphylaxis. 
Ex. 1001, 72:33–37 (emphasis added). Petitioner argues that the bolded 
phrase (“provides a plasma epinephrine concentration that is efficacious 
for the treatment of anaphylaxis”) is not limiting because it is a 
“[c]oncluding statement[] of intended result[]” that “do[es] not result in ‘a 
manipulative difference in the steps of the claim.’” Pet. 17 (quoting In re 
Copaxone Consol. Cases, 906 F.3d 1013, 1023 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (quoting 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., 246 F.3d at 1376)). 
In our Institution Decision, we rejected Petitioner’s argument that 
claim 3 results in no manipulative difference in the claim steps. Dec. 14. 
We noted, for example, that claim 3 encompasses administration of a range 
of epinephrine dosages and formulations, and that Petitioner had not 
established that all of the claimed doses and formulations would provide the 
claimed “plasma epinephrine concentration that is efficacious for the 
treatment of anaphylaxis” in all claimed mammals. Id. at 14–15. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
15 
Accordingly, we found the phrase “provides a plasma epinephrine 
concentration that is efficacious for the treatment of anaphylaxis” limiting. 
Id. at 16. We then proceeded to provide a preliminary construction for the 
term “efficacious” within this phrase. Id. 
Post-institution, the parties provide proposed constructions for 
“efficacious,” which differ somewhat from the Board’s preliminary 
construction. See PO Resp. 18–19; Reply 5–6. But no matter what 
“efficacious” means, both parties acknowledge that at a minimum, claim 3 
requires “a plasma epinephrine concentration.” See, e.g., PO Resp. 18 
(Patent Owner’s proposed construction begins with “elicits a plasma 
epinephrine concentration”); Reply 5–6 (discussing “the plasma 
concentration required to meet claim 3”). Indeed, claim 3 plainly recites that 
the method “provides a plasma epinephrine concentration that is efficacious 
for the treatment of anaphylaxis.” Ex. 1001, 72:33–37 (emphasis added). 
On the full trial record, we determine that to resolve the issues presented 
herein, we need not construe the meaning of “efficacious” in claim 3. 
C. 
Overview of Asserted Prior Art 
1. 
Potta (Ex. 1004) 
Potta, titled “Epinephrine Spray Formulations,” is “directed to 
methods of treating anaphylaxis by administering epinephrine spray 
formulations to subjects in need of such treatments.” Ex. 1004, code (54), 
¶ 1. Potta explains that “[w]hile there are various epinephrine formulations 
currently available, there remains a need in the art for a quick-onset spray 
formulation.” Id. ¶ 6. Potta discloses that administration of its sprays 
“preferably . . . occurs via the intranasal route or sublingual route.” Id. ¶ 56. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
16 
Potta claim 21 relates to aqueous intranasal formulations that include 
about 0.1% w/w to about 15% w/w epinephrine, and Table 1 exemplifies 
aqueous formulations comprising 1% w/w epinephrine. Id. at claims 1, 19, 
21, Table 1. Potta also discloses unit-dose devices that deliver about 100 µL 
or 200 µL of a formulation in a single spray. Id. ¶¶ 236–37, 242. 
Potta details a clinical study wherein a 6 mg intranasal epinephrine 
formulation was administered to minipigs. Id. ¶¶ 258–60. This study 
compared the pharmacokinetics of the 6 mg epinephrine intranasal 
formulation (designated “#M1”) and a 0.3 mg intramuscular formulation. 
Id. ¶ 260, Tables 56, 57. Potta reports that “[w]hen epinephrine was 
formulated in #Ml and administered intranasally, a more rapid absorption of 
epinephrine was observed” compared to the intramuscular administration. 
Id. ¶ 260; see also id. at Table 57 (reporting plasma concentrations over time 
for intramuscular and intranasal administration). 
Potta also details another clinical study wherein 3 mg and 6 mg 
intranasal epinephrine formulations were administered to humans. Id. 
¶¶ 265–68. This study assessed the bioavailability of 3 mg and 6 mg 
epinephrine intranasal aqueous and hydroalcoholic formulations compared 
to a 0.3 mg intramuscular formulation (EpiPen). Id. ¶ 266. Potta reports 
pharmacokinetic profiles for the 6 mg and intramuscular formulations both 
pre- and post-exposure to seasonal allergens, and concludes that “subjects 
administered 6 milligrams of epinephrine in a hydroalcoholic formulation of 
the present invention in the presence of an allergen had a higher Cmax than all 
other cohorts.” Id. ¶ 266; see also id. ¶¶ 267–68, Tables 63–65, Figs. 1–3. 
Potta concludes that “the bioavailability of intranasal formulations of the 
present invention is as good or better than that of the intramuscular injection 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
17 
both in subject[s] that are and are not experiencing seasonal allergies.” Id. 
¶ 269. 
2. 
Maggio (Ex. 1005) 
Maggio, titled “Compositions for Drug Administration,” relates “to 
compositions containing a pharmaceutically active ingredient and an 
alkylsaccharide.” Ex. 1005, code (54), ¶ 3. Maggio explains that although 
therapeutic agents are often combined with surfactants, surfactants can 
irritate mucosal membranes and denature proteins. Id. ¶ 5. Maggio 
describes an ideal surfactant as one that stabilizes a therapeutic agent, is non-
toxic and non-irritable, has antibacterial activity, and enhances the 
absorption of the therapeutic agent through membrane barriers. Id. 
Maggio describes compositions that include alkyl glycosides and/or 
saccharide alkyl esters and a therapeutic agent, and methods of 
administering the compositions, including via nasal delivery. Id. ¶ 12. 
Maggio discloses DDM as a preferred alkyl glycoside. Id. ¶ 48. Maggio 
provides clinical data including from a pharmacokinetic comparison of 
sumatriptan intranasal formulations with and without DDM, and from the 
administration of phenylephrine oral tablets with DDM in canines. Ex. 1005 
¶¶ 353–56, 358–69, Fig. 12. 
3. 
Srisawat (Ex. 1006) 
Srisawat is titled “A preliminary study of intranasal epinephrine 
administration as a potential route for anaphylaxis treatment.” Ex. 1006, 1. 
Srisawat states that “[t]he intranasal (IN) administration of epinephrine 
could be an alternative route for anaphylaxis treatment,” but that intranasal 
epinephrine absorption data in humans are lacking. Id. Srisawat thus 
describes a study wherein various epinephrine doses (0.3, 0.6, 1.25, 2.5, and 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
18 
5 mg) were administered intranasally to five healthy human adults. Id. at 2. 
The intranasal epinephrine sprays were freshly prepared by dissolving 
epinephrine bitartrate in saline. Id. In a separate arm of the study, the 
subjects were administered an intramuscular (IM) injection of 0.3 mg 
epinephrine. Id. Plasma epinephrine levels at baseline and up to 120 
minutes after administration were determined. Id. 
We reproduce Srisawat Figure 1 below: 
 
Figure 1. The area under the plasma 
concentration versus time curve at time 
0 – 120 minutes (AUC0-120 min) of epinephrine 
absorption at different dosages and routes of 
administration. The plots are shown as 
mean ± SEM. An asterisk indicates a 
significant difference compared with the 
IN saline (p < 0.05, Mann-Whitney test). 
Figure 1 compares the AUC values for each of the epinephrine formulations 
administered in the study. Consistent with the data reported in Figure 1, 
Srisawat states that “[s]ignificant systemic absorption of epinephrine via IN 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
19 
route was observed only at the dose of 5 mg, and the absorption thereof was 
comparable to that of IM epinephrine.” Id. at 1. 
Srisawat observed that the plasma epinephrine levels of the IM group 
“seemed to increase early (as early as 5–10 minutes),” while those of the IN 
group “seemed to elevate more slowly (about 15–20 minutes after 
administration).” Id. at 4. Srisawat explains that the slower epinephrine 
absorption through the intranasal route “is not unexpected, as the drug has to 
diffuse across the nasal epithelial barrier to reach the systemic circulation.” 
Id. According to Srisawat, this could “explain a much higher IN dose 
(5 mg) required to achieve systemic absorption comparable to the IM route 
at 0.3 mg.” Id. 
Srisawat recognizes that the formulation could affect intranasal 
absorption, and suggests that “[u]sing bile salt or surfactant as a vehicle 
might also promote the nasal absorption of epinephrine because they have 
been shown to work well in a dog model.” Id. at 4, 5. 
4. 
Munjal (Ex. 1020) 
Munjal is titled “A Randomized Trial Comparing the 
Pharmacokinetics, Safety, and Tolerability of DFN-02, an Intranasal 
Sumatriptan Spray Containing a Permeation Enhancer, With Intranasal and 
Subcutaneous Sumatriptan in Healthy Adults.” Ex. 1020, 1. Munjal 
discloses clinical studies that evaluate “the impact of 1-O-n-Dodecyl-β-D-
Maltopyranoside (DDM, Intravail A-3TM), a permeation enhancer,” on the 
absorption profile for intranasally-administered sumatriptan. In particular, 
Munjal compares the pharmacokinetics of DFN-02 (“a novel intranasal 
agent comprised of sumatriptan 10 mg plus 0.20% DDM”), with that of 
commercially available intranasal sumatriptan 20 mg. Id. at 1, 3. Munjal 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
20 
states that absorption “was markedly more rapid” with DFN-02 than with the 
sumatriptan 20 mg product. Id. at 5, Fig. 1, Table 1. 
D. 
Alleged Anticipation 
Petitioner asserts that Potta anticipates claims 1–18 under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102. Pet. 36. Patent Owner opposes. See PO Resp. 20–37. 
For the reasons discussed below, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that Potta anticipates claims 1, 2, 
and 7–17, but not claims 3–6 and 18. 
1. 
Legal Standards 
“To anticipate, [a] reference must not only disclose all elements of the 
claim within the four corners of the document, but must also disclose those 
elements arranged as in the claim.” Sanofi-Synthelabo v. Apotex, Inc., 550 
F.3d 1075, 1083 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (internal quotation omitted). However, 
“a reference need not always include an express discussion of the actual 
combination to anticipate.” Blue Calypso, LLC v. Groupon, Inc., 815 F.3d 
1331, 1344 (Fed. Cir. 2016). “Instead, a reference may still anticipate if that 
reference teaches that the disclosed components or functionalities may be 
combined and one of skill in the art would be able to implement the 
combination.” Id. “‘[T]he dispositive question regarding anticipation [i]s 
whether one skilled in the art would reasonably understand or infer from the 
[prior art reference’s] teaching’ that every claim element was disclosed in 
that single reference.” Dayco Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 
329 F.3d 1358, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (quoting In re Baxter Travenol Labs., 
952 F.2d 388, 390 (Fed. Cir. 1991)) (emphasis and alterations in original). 
A reference must disclose every limitation of the claimed invention, 
either expressly or inherently. Blue Calypso, LLC, 815 F.3d at 1341. “To 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
21 
establish that a prior art reference inherently—rather than expressly—
discloses a claim limitation, ‘the limitation at issue necessarily must be 
present, or [is] the natural result of the combination of elements explicitly 
disclosed by the prior art.’” Endo Pharms. Sols., Inc. v. Custopharm Inc., 
894 F.3d 1374, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (alteration in original) (quoting 
Par Pharm., Inc. v. TWI Pharms., Inc., 773 F.3d 1186, 1196 (Fed. Cir. 
2014)). “Inherency may not be established by probabilities or possibilities. 
The mere fact that a certain thing may result from a given set of 
circumstances is not sufficient.” Continental Can Co. USA, Inc. v. 
Monsanto Co., 948 F.2d 1264, 1269 (Fed. Cir. 1991) (citations omitted). 
“If, however, the disclosure is sufficient to show that the natural result 
flowing from the operation as taught would result in the performance of the 
questioned function, it seems to be well settled that the disclosure should be 
regarded as sufficient.” Id. 
2. 
Analysis 
a) 
Claim 1 
We find that Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Potta anticipates claim 1. Pet. 30–34. Petitioner demonstrates 
that Potta teaches administering aqueous nasal spray pharmaceutical 
formulations to humans in need of treatment of type-1 allergic reactions, 
including anaphylaxis. See, e.g., Pet. 30–32; Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶¶ 1, 56, 69, 
242, Table 1, claims 1, 19, 21. 
Petitioner also demonstrates that Potta teaches claim 1’s recitations of 
“about 0.1 mg to 2.4 mg of epinephrine” in a “single dose.” Ex. 1001, 
72:21–23. In particular, Potta teaches 1% w/w aqueous epinephrine 
formulations in Table 1, and a preference for intranasal administration. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
22 
Ex. 1004 (Potta), Table 1, ¶ 56. Potta’s claim 21 echoes these disclosures by 
reciting intranasal administration of aqueous epinephrine formulations 
comprising “from about 0.1% w/w/ to about 15% w/w epinephrine.” Id. at 
claims 1, 19, 21. Potta also teaches unit-dose devices for intranasal 
administration of epinephrine that deliver a single dose of about 100 μL or 
200 μL in a single spray. Id. ¶¶ 56–58, 236–37; Pet. 32–34. Based on these 
disclosures, Petitioner establishes that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood Potta as disclosing intranasal epinephrine 
formulations in Table 1 that correspond to 1 mg/100 μL or 2 mg/200 μL in a 
single dose, and intranasal epinephrine formulations in claim 21 that 
correspond to about 0.1–15 mg in a single 100 μL spray or 0.2–30 mg in a 
single 200 μL spray. Pet. 33–34; Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 240–51, 261; 
Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 263–65, 275. These epinephrine doses fall 
within or overlap with those recited in challenged claim 1. 
Patent Owner argues that Potta does not anticipate because it does not 
disclose actual administration of the claimed doses, but instead discloses 
only administration of higher doses. PO Resp. 21 (citing Ex. 2013 (Kaliner 
Decl.) ¶ 146; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 128), 24–26. This argument is 
unavailing because “anticipation does not require actual performance of 
suggestions in a disclosure;” “[r]ather, anticipation only requires that those 
suggestions be enabling to one skilled in the art.” Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., 
246 F.3d at 1379 (affirming anticipation where the anticipatory reference 
suggested the claimed step of premedicating patients, but did not actually 
premedicate patients); see also Reply 7–8. Potta teaches methods of treating 
anaphylaxis by administering the disclosed formulations to patients, and 
discloses administering 3 mg and 6 mg intranasal formulations to adults with 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
23 
seasonal allergies. See, e.g., Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶¶ 1, 56, 265; Ex. 1002 
(Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 241, 244, 246–48, 256–61; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply 
Decl.) ¶¶ 44–45, 51; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 142–44, 148–49. This is 
sufficient to anticipate.9 Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., 246 F.3d at 1378–79. 
Patent Owner asserts that “[a]t best, Potta discloses testing for the 
stability and spray plume characteristics of the Table 1 formulations.” 
PO Resp. 23 (citing Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶¶ 243–51; Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) 
¶ 146; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 133). This argument is unavailing, because 
it reads Potta too narrowly. Merely because Potta discloses that the Table 1 
formulations were subjected to certain testing doesn’t mean that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood Potta as indicating that such 
formulations are useful solely for such testing. For example, after reporting 
the stability results, Potta concludes that the “stability characteristics of the 
formulations of the present invention will allow the formulations to be 
effective when used by patients.” Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶ 244. In other words, 
 
9 In a footnote, Patent Owner asserts that “Potta Claim 21 is not enabled for 
dose amounts below 3 mg.” PO Resp. 25 n.4. Patent Owner fails to 
adequately develop this argument, but to the extent Patent Owner is arguing 
that Potta claim 21 is not enabled because Potta did not actually administer 
doses below 3 mg, actual administration is not required for enablement. 
See Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., 246 F.3d at 1379–80 (finding that prior art’s 
“pretreatment suggestion was enabling,” even though the reference did not 
disclose actual premedication of patients); Reply 9. Moreover, Potta is 
presumptively enabled, and Patent Owner has not rebutted this presumption. 
See Amgen, Inc. v. Hoechst Marion Roussel, Inc., 314 F.3d 1313, 1355 (Fed. 
Cir. 2003) (noting a “presumption . . . that both the claimed and unclaimed 
disclosures in a prior art patent are enabled”); In re Antor Media Corp., 689 
F.3d 1282, 1288 (Fed. Cir. 2012) (extending presumption to prior art printed 
publications). 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
24 
Potta teaches that the testing was performed to evaluate the suitability of the 
Table 1 formulations for administration to patients. 
Patent Owner additionally asserts in a footnote that an earlier 
application in Potta’s priority chain, “which is entitled ‘Sublingual 
Epinephrine Spray,’ makes clear that the formulations in Table 1 were 
intended for sublingual use, not intranasal use.”10 PO Resp. 24 n.3 (citing, 
e.g., Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 148; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 133; Ex. 2006 
(Potta priority app.) ¶ 71). Potta, a continuation-in-part of the priority 
application Patent Owner cites, adds disclosure regarding intranasal 
administration, which is missing from the priority application. Compare, 
e.g., Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶ 56 (“preferably administration occurs via the 
intranasal route or sublingual route”), with Ex. 2006 (Potta priority app.) 
¶ 16 (disclosing sublingual administration of epinephrine spray). We agree 
with Dr. Smyth that this additional disclosure “confirms that the [Potta] 
inventors intended that the formulations of Table 1 be administered via 
sublingual and intranasal epinephrine administration.” Ex. 1083 (Smyth 
Reply Decl.) ¶ 46 (emphasis added); see also id. ¶¶ 47–48; Reply 8. 
Patent Owner also argues that Potta does not anticipate claim 1 
because “it is clear that Potta does not disclose any ‘biological or medicinal 
response’ that a researcher or healthcare provider would have been seeking 
related to type-1 hypersensitivity based on administration of an intranasal 
dose of epinephrine of less than 3 mg.” PO Resp. 27 (citing Ex. 2013 
 
10 Patent Owner incorrectly characterizes this earlier application as a 
provisional application. See PO Resp. 24 n.3. Exhibit 2006 is a publication 
of one of the non-provisional applications in Potta’s priority chain. See 
Ex. 2006, codes (10), (21). 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
25 
(Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 154; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 137). This argument is 
unavailing because it is based on Patent Owner’s proposal to import an 
efficacy requirement into claim 1’s preamble, which we reject above. See 
supra Section II.B.1. 
On Sur-reply, Patent Owner newly argues that a person of ordinary 
skill in the art reading Potta’s Table 1 and claim 21 would “at best, ‘at once 
envisage’ only the use of a 3 mg dose or a 6 mg dose within the broad set of 
formulations disclosed in Potta Table 1 and Potta Claim 1,” and “would not 
‘at once envisage’ epinephrine doses that were never administered 
intranasally or shown to have any biological effect or result.” Sur-reply 5–6, 
20. We decline to consider this argument, because it was not timely 
presented in the Patent Owner Response. See Dec. 45 (“The Board will 
deem waived any issue not raised in a timely response to the Petition.”); 
Paper 13 (Scheduling Order), 9 (“Patent Owner is cautioned that any 
arguments not raised in the response may be deemed waived.”). 
However, even if we were to consider Patent Owner’s untimely 
argument, it is unavailing. First, Patent Owner’s invocation of the “at once 
envisage” line of cases is misdirection because Petitioner did not rely on this 
legal theory when arguing that Potta discloses the claimed dosages. See Pet. 
32–34. Second, the Sur-reply does not support this argument with citation to 
any support from the perspective of a person of ordinary skill in the art. See 
Johnston v. IVAC Corp., 885 F.2d 1574, 1581 (Fed. Cir. 1989) (noting that 
attorney argument is “no substitute for evidence”). Third, Patent Owner 
narrowly focuses on Potta’s Table 1 and claim 21, while ignoring additional 
relevant disclosures such as Potta’s teachings regarding unit-dose devices 
that deliver 100 μL and 200 μL single doses, as discussed above. Finally, 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
26 
Patent Owner cites Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc. v. Merck Sharp & Dohme 
Corp., 50 F.4th 147 (Fed. Cir. 2022). In that case, the court found no error 
in the Board’s finding that a class of 957 compounds “is insufficient to meet 
the ‘at one envisage’ standard.” Id. at 154. Patent Owner fails to explain 
how those facts parallel the situation here, where Petitioner asserts, for 
example, that the 1% w/w epinephrine formulations in Potta’s Table 1, 
delivered via Potta’s 100 μL single-dose spray devices, results in a discrete 
dosage of 1 mg epinephrine, which falls within claim 1. Pet. 33. 
For the above reasons, on the full trial record we determine that 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that Potta 
anticipates claim 1. 
b) 
Dependent Claims 2 and 7–17 
Dependent claims 2 and 7–17 depend directly or indirectly from 
claim 1. Petitioner argues that Potta discloses the additional limitations 
introduced in each of these dependent claims, and supports its argument with 
citations to specific portions of Potta and testimony from its declarants. 
See Pet. 34, 36–39, 40–42. Other than its arguments over the subject matter 
of claim 1 incorporated into these dependent claims, which we discussed 
above, Patent Owner proffers no arguments that Potta fails to describe the 
limitations of these dependent claims. See generally PO Resp. Accordingly, 
Patent Owner has forfeited any anticipation arguments related to these 
claims. See In re NuVasive, Inc., 841 F.3d 966, 974–75 (Fed. Cir. 2016); 
Paper 13, 9 (“Patent Owner is cautioned that any arguments not raised in the 
response may be deemed waived.”). 
Based on our review of Petitioner’s arguments and evidence relating 
to dependent claims 2, 7–10, and 12–17 (see Pet. 34, 36–39, 40–42), which 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
27 
we adopt as our own, and our analysis of claim 1 in Section II.D.2.a above, 
we find that Petitioner has proved by a preponderance of the evidence that 
Potta anticipates these claims. 
Regarding claim 11, in the Institution Decision we expressed 
reservations regarding the sufficiency of Petitioner’s arguments on this 
claim. Dec. 26–28. We observed that “Petitioner does not assert that Potta 
expressly discloses using BKC as an absorption enhancer,” and expressed 
reservations regarding Petitioner’s argument that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art would have “immediately envisioned” using BKC as an absorption 
enhancer in Potta’s formulations. See id. Post-institution, both parties 
clarify that Potta does in fact disclose BKC as an absorption enhancer. 
See Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶ 20; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 88; Ex. 2014 
(Wyse Decl.) ¶ 110; Ex. 1080 (Kaliner depo.), 174:18–175:22. Potta also 
discloses using amounts of permeation enhancers11 that encompass the 
claimed range. Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶ 85. Patent Owner does not specifically 
dispute Petitioner’s anticipation arguments concerning claim 11. In view of 
Potta’s disclosures and the arguments of record, we conclude that Petitioner 
has proved by a preponderance of the evidence that Potta anticipates 
claim 11. Pet. 40; Reply 16; Ex. 1083 ¶¶ 84–90. 
c) 
Dependent Claims 3–6 and 18 
Claim 3 depends from claim 1 and recites that the intranasal 
administration of the single dose of the claimed formulation “provides a 
plasma epinephrine concentration that is efficacious for the treatment of 
anaphylaxis.” Ex. 1001, 72:33–37. Thus, the plain language of claim 3 
 
11 We use the terms “permeation enhancer” and “absorption enhancer” 
interchangeably. See Ex. 1001, 34:57–64. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
28 
requires, at a minimum, that intranasal administration “provides a plasma 
epinephrine concentration.” 
There is no dispute that Potta does not disclose actual administration 
of the formulations Petitioner relies on for anticipation, and thus does not 
disclose any information on whether their administration provides a plasma 
epinephrine concentration. See, e.g., PO Resp. 6; Ex. 2041 (Dyar depo.), 
66:20–68:2. Indeed, at deposition, Petitioner’s declarants were unable to 
articulate what the plasma epinephrine concentration of Potta Table 1 and 
Claim 21 formulations would be if they were administered. See Ex. 2018 
(Smyth depo.), 153:4–13; Ex. 2017 (Weinstein depo.), 127:14–128:2, 
129:11–19. 
Instead, Petitioner relies on a theory of inherent anticipation to meet 
this limitation of claim 3, arguing that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
“would understand that a plasma concentration that is efficacious for the 
treatment of anaphylaxis would occur upon administration of the Potta 
formulations,” and thus the limitation of claim 3 “is an inherent property of 
practicing the claimed method.” See Pet. 35 (citing Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) 
¶¶ 270–73; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 286–87; Perricone v. Medicis 
Pharm. Corp., 432 F.3d 1368, 1377–78 (Fed. Cir. 2005)). We find that the 
Petition and cited declarant testimony is deficient for failing to demonstrate 
why Potta’s formulations would necessarily result in a plasma epinephrine 
concentration. See id.; see also Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 270–73; 
Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 286–87). 
Dr. Smyth merely asserts that “the functional effect of ‘provid[ing] a 
plasma epinephrine concentration that is efficacious for the treatment of 
anaphylaxis’ is an inherent property of the 1% w/w epinephrine formulations 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
29 
in Table 1 and the formulations of Potta claim 21 (i.e., ‘from about 0.1% 
w/w to about 15% w/w epinephrine or a salt thereof’), because such 
formulations would elicit the desired biological or medicinal response.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 272. Dr. Weinstein provides an essentially identical opinion. 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 286. Neither declarant supports their opinion with any 
explanation as to why the Potta formulations would provide the claimed 
plasma epinephrine concentration or elicit a biological or medicinal 
response. Accordingly, we do not credit these opinions, and determine that 
Petitioner has not met its burden to establish that Potta inherently anticipates 
claim 3. See n re Am. Acad. of Sci. Tech Ctr., 367 F.3d 1359, 1368 (Fed. 
Cir. 2004) (“[T]he Board is entitled to weigh the declarations and conclude 
that the lack of factual corroboration warrants discounting the opinions 
expressed in the declarations.”). 
In its Reply brief, Petitioner argues that “[u]nder inherent anticipation, 
Petitioner is not required to know the specific plasma epinephrine 
concentration upon administration; it is the natural consequence of 
administration.” Reply 14. We agree that in this case Petitioner need not 
identify the specific plasma epinephrine concentration that would result from 
administration of Potta’s formulations. Petitioner, however, has not 
demonstrated that the administration of Potta’s formulations would 
necessarily result in any plasma epinephrine concentration at all. Indeed, the 
record demonstrates that not all intranasal epinephrine formulations result in 
a plasma epinephrine concentration. For example, Srisawat describes a 
study wherein various epinephrine doses (0.3, 0.6, 1.25, 2.5, and 5 mg) were 
administered intranasally to five healthy human adults, but only the 5 mg 
formulation showed “[s]ignificant systemic absorption of epinephrine” 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
30 
compared to the saline control. Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), 1, 2, Figure 1. Even 
the ’414 patent reports that “Srisawat et al. observed no blood level of 
epinephrine at the intranasal dose level of 2.5 mg and below.” Ex. 1001, 
15:18–20. 
On Reply, Petitioner tries to salvage the conclusory inherency 
argument offered in the Petition by newly arguing that Junior and Srisawat 
demonstrate that administration of Potta’s formulations will necessarily 
result in a plasma epinephrine concentration. Reply 15. Petitioner supports 
its arguments in part by citation to an entirely new declarant introduced on 
Reply. See id. (citing, e.g., Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.)). 
Petitioner’s belated reliance on Junior and Srisawat is improper.12 An 
IPR petition must identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports 
the grounds for the challenge to each claim.” 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3). As 
explained in our Trial Practice Guide, “Petitioner may not submit new 
evidence or argument in reply that it could have presented earlier, e.g. to 
make out a prima facie case of unpatentability.” Trial Practice Guide, 73. 
Here, Petitioner could have discussed Junior and Srisawat in the Petition to 
support its inherency argument, but did not.13 See Pet. 35. Petitioner’s new 
 
12 Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s reliance on references outside of 
Potta to demonstrate inherent anticipation converts Petitioner’s anticipation 
challenge to an obviousness challenge. PO Resp. 29, 36. This argument is 
contrary to law. See, e.g., Continental Can Co., 948 F.2d at 1268 (“To serve 
as an anticipation when the reference is silent about the asserted inherent 
characteristic, such gap in the reference may be filled with recourse to 
extrinsic evidence.”). 
13 To the extent Petitioner argues that its reliance on Junior and Srisawat is 
driven by analysis in the Institution Decision or by Patent Owner’s 
arguments in the Patent Owner Response, we disagree. Petitioner has 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
31 
post-institution inherency arguments based on Junior and Srisawat—both of 
which were submitted with the Petition—come too late. 
However, even if we were to consider Petitioner’s inherency 
arguments based on Junior and Srisawat, we nevertheless find these 
references insufficient to demonstrate inherent anticipation. Petitioner 
essentially argues that Junior and Srisawat indicate that a plasma 
epinephrine concentration results from low-dose intranasal epinephrine, and 
thus the Potta formulations containing absorption enhancers would 
“[c]ertainly” provide a plasma epinephrine concentration. Reply 15 (citing 
Ex. 2017, 129:21–130:4; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 72, 78–83; 
Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 85–99, 105–06, 108–09; Ex. 2017 
(Weinstein depo.), 126:12–22, 129:21–130:4). 
As an initial matter, Petitioner’s reliance on the inclusion of any 
absorption enhancers in the Potta formulations to argue inherency is 
improper because Petitioner’s anticipation arguments for claim 3 (and base 
claim 1) in the Petition nowhere discuss the contribution of an absorption 
enhancer. This is underscored by Petitioner’s citations in the Reply, which 
cite only new declarant testimony submitted on Reply. See Reply 15 (citing 
Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 72; Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶ 106). 
As to Junior, we agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner’s reliance on 
this reference “is a bridge too far,” given the very different epinephrine 
administration described in Junior. Sur-reply 8; Ex. 1080 (Kaliner depo.), 
 
recognized from the start that claim 3 require requires “an ‘efficacious’ 
plasma epinephrine concentration.” Pet. 9. Even if the contours of the term 
“efficacious” are disputed, Petitioner understood at the Petition stage that 
claim 3 requires some plasma epinephrine concentration. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
32 
206:10–207:6. Junior describes the placement of lidocaine and epinephrine-
soaked cotton swabs in direct contact with the nasal cavities for 40 minutes, 
for the purpose of preventing bleeding during nasal surgery. Sur-reply 8; 
Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶ 95; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 63–65. 
According to Petitioner, Junior reported that doses of epinephrine lower than 
the amount in the 1% w/w Potta formulations, when applied topically to the 
nose, still caused an increase in plasma epinephrine concentration. Ex. 1083 
(Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 97–99 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1066 (Junior), 1, 6, 8); 
Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶ 66. 
Petitioner’s argument is unavailing, because Petitioner fails to 
adequately address the different method and timing of epinephrine 
administration in Junior versus that taught in Potta. See Sur-reply 8. Junior 
placed cotton swabs soaked in lidocaine and epinephrine in direct contact 
with the nostril for up to 40 minutes. See Ex. 1066 (Junior), 1–2; Ex. 1082 
(Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶ 95. The Potta formulations, in contrast, comprise a 
single dose nasal spray. As aptly summarized by Patent Owner’s counsel, 
“you have a completely different mode of delivery of epinephrine, you have 
different amounts of epinephrine being used over different periods of time, 
you have those being delivered to a different patient population, and you 
have this confounding factor of lidocaine.” Tr. 33:18–21; Sur-reply 8. 
Petitioner’s declarant Dr. Dyar admitted that pharmacokinetic profiles may 
differ based on a change the route of administration, formulation, or dose of 
a drug. See Ex. 2041 (Dyar depo.), 51:17–53:22; see also Reply 18 
(“POSAs knew that different delivery systems resulted in varying absorption 
levels”). And although the amount of epinephrine in Junior is much less 
than that in Potta, given both the different modes of delivery and different 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
33 
contact times, we are unable, on this record, to conclude that the differences 
“wash[] away when you talk about magnitudes of difference in amounts.” 
Tr. 17:6–10. 
We also find that Petitioner’s reliance on Srisawat to demonstrate 
inherency is unavailing. As discussed above, Srisawat intranasally 
administered epinephrine in saline at doses of 0.3, 0.6, 1.25, 2.5, and 5 mg, 
but expressly states that “[s]ignificant systemic absorption of epinephrine via 
IN [intranasal] route was observed only at the dose of 5 mg.” Ex. 1006 
(Srisawat), 1; see also id. at Fig. 1; PO Resp. 36. Accordingly, Srisawat 
expressly teaches that not all intranasal epinephrine formulations result in a 
plasma epinephrine concentration, thus directly contradicting Petitioner’s 
suggestion that we can assume that administration of Potta’s formulations 
would inherently provide a plasma epinephrine concentration. 
Nevertheless, Petitioner contends that after administration of 
epinephrine in a saline-only formulation, Srisawat’s subjects showed 
“transient tremor,” “palpitation,” and “increases in heart rate, diastolic and 
systolic blood pressure at Tmax.” Reply 15. In connection with its arguments 
on whether Potta anticipates claim 3, Petitioner does not demonstrate that 
these biological effects necessarily indicate that administration of the 
epinephrine provided a plasma epinephrine concentration. See id. at 14–15. 
Nevertheless, Petitioner appears to be asking us to assume that these effects 
must have been caused by epinephrine absorption. On this record, we are 
unable to do so. 
First, relying on these side effects as a proxy for a plasma epinephrine 
concentration is flatly inconsistent with Srisawat’s teaching that intranasal 
epinephrine at 0.3, 0.6, 1.25, and 2.5 mg resulted in no significant difference 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
34 
of systemic absorption of epinephrine as compared to saline. Ex. 1006 
(Srisawat), 1, 4 (Fig. 1).14 Second, we agree with Patent Owner that 
“Srisawat does not indicate which subjects had these responses, and it is 
clear they were not observed in all subjects.” PO Resp. 32; Ex. 1006 
(Srisawat), 4 (“one” subject experienced transient tremor; “two” subjects 
experienced palpitation; “most” but not all subjects experienced heart rate 
and blood pressure increases); Sur-reply 9. 
In short, “Srisawat has not provided enough data to conclude that 
these effects resulted from the administration of intranasal epinephrine at 
any specific dose, let alone doses less than 5 mg.” Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) 
¶ 157. Petitioner’s declarants conceded this point. See Ex. 2017 (Weinstein 
depo.), 133:2–9 (acknowledging that “Srisawat didn’t say exactly which 
doses people had adverse effects”); Ex. 2041 (Dyar depo.), 78:22–79:6 
(“because we don’t have the actual individual patient responses, . . . I cannot 
answer which subjects specifically . . . would not have had an increase in 
heart rate”); see also Tr. 19:16–23 (when asked “[H]ow do we know that 
even the 0.3 milligram dosage resulted in increase in heart rate, increase in 
blood pressure in most subjects?”, Petitioner’s counsel conceded “I don't 
think we know for sure. You know, Srisawat tells us what it tells us and is 
 
14 Petitioner’s counsel indicates that Srisawat’s Figure 1 is on a nanogram 
scale whereas other articles are on a picogram scale, making it harder to tell 
if there was measurable epinephrine absorption. See Tr. 18:2–6. 
Nevertheless, we agree with Patent Owner’s counsel that “[W]hether we’re 
talking about nanograms or picograms, we can only go with the information 
that Srisawat gives us, which is to say that there’s no measurable plasma 
epinephrine concentration within the arrow marks that are shown for the 0.3, 
0.6, 1.25, and 2.5 milligram doses in Srisawat.” Id. at 32:9–13. 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
35 
certainly imperfect . . . .”). For at least these reasons, we are not persuaded 
that Srisawat assists in demonstrating that the missing disclosure is 
necessarily present in Potta. The mere possibility that administering the 
formulations of Potta would produce the claimed plasma epinephrine 
concentration is not enough. Continental Can Co., 948 F.2d at 1269 
(explaining that inherency is not established by “possibilities”). 
Although not clear from the face of its Reply, Petitioner’s declarants 
at times appear to attempt to read out claim 3’s express recitation of 
“provides a plasma epinephrine concentration” by arguing that the “‘plasma 
epinephrine concentration’ in the Board’s construction does not require a 
measurable level of plasma epinephrine concentration above baseline.” 
Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶ 74; see also Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) 
¶ 31; Sur-reply 23. We reject this argument. First, it is not clearly explained 
in Petitioner’s briefs. See, e.g., Reply 15 (stating “if the Board’s 
construction requires a plasma concentration over baseline,” but nowhere 
clearly taking a position that claim 3 does not require a plasma epinephrine 
concentration over baseline); see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.6(a)(3) (“Arguments 
must not be incorporated by reference from one document into another 
document.”). Second, even if we were to consider this argument, we agree 
with Patent Owner that it “makes little sense and is also unsupported” in the 
intrinsic record of the ’414 patent. PO Resp. 23. Indeed, the argument 
improperly reads out claim 3’s express recitation that the “intranasal 
administration . . . provides a plasma epinephrine concentration.” Ex. 1001, 
72:33–37. 
For the above reasons, we determine on the full trial record that 
Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
36 
Potta anticipates claim 3. Because claims 4–6 and 18 depend directly or 
indirectly from claim 3, and because Petitioner’s arguments for these claims 
do not rectify the deficiencies discussed above for claim 3, we similarly 
determine on the full trial record that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that Potta anticipates claims 4–6 and 18. 
E. 
Alleged Obviousness 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–20 are unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 103 as obvious over the combination of (1) Potta, Maggio, and Munjal; 
and (2) Srisawat, Maggio, and Munjal. Pet. 44–60. Patent Owner opposes. 
PO Resp. 47–60. 
For the reasons discussed below, on this record we determine that 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 2, 7–
9, and 11–17 are unpatentable as obvious over Potta, Maggio, and Munjal, 
but has not shown that claims 3–6, 10, and 18–20 are unpatentable as 
obvious over this combination. Additionally, as discussed further below, we 
limit our consideration of the ground relying on Srisawat, Maggio, and 
Munjal to claims 3–6 and 18–20, and find that Petitioner has not shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that these claims are unpatentable as obvious 
over Srisawat, Maggio, and Munjal. 
1. 
Legal Standards 
A claim is unpatentable as obvious “if the differences between the 
claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed invention as a 
whole would have been obvious before the effective filing date of the 
claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which the 
claimed invention pertains.” 35 U.S.C. § 103; see also KSR Int’l Co. v. 
Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
37 
resolved based on underlying factual determinations including: (1) the 
scope and content of the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed 
subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and 
(4) any objective indicia of nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 
383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). An obviousness determination requires finding “a 
motivation to combine accompanied by a reasonable expectation of 
achieving what is claimed in the patent-at-issue.” Intelligent Bio-Sys., Inc. v. 
Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 
2. 
Alleged Obviousness Over Potta, Maggio, and Munjal 
a) 
Claim 1 
We begin by discussing the contentions in the Petition and our 
findings based on those contentions. At the outset we note that although 
challenged claim 1 does not expressly recite an absorption enhancer, 
Petitioner’s obviousness arguments include assertions that a skilled artisan 
would have been motivated to optimize Potta’s formulations by including 
DDM as an absorption enhancer. See, e.g., Pet. 49 (“Here, POSAs would 
have pursued the low dose formulations in Potta and understood them to 
work with absorption enhancement agents (though none are required by 
claim 1) to practice the claimed method.”); id. at 49–51 (addressing DDM). 
Thus, although on this record Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of 
the evidence that Potta teaches each limitation of claim 1 (see supra Section 
II.D.2.a; see also Pet. 30–34 (mapping Potta’s disclosures to the limitations 
of claim 1)), our analysis of Petitioner’s obviousness arguments requires 
additional considerations. 
On this record, we find that given the known drawbacks of 
intramuscular injections to treat anaphylaxis, skilled artisans would have 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
38 
been motivated to use alternate means of administration, such as an 
intranasal epinephrine spray. Pet. 44–45; Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 86, 
366; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 90, 315; see also PO Resp. 38 
(conceding that skilled artisans were motivated to pursue alternatives to 
intramuscular epinephrine, including formulations for intranasal delivery). 
We also find that in developing an intranasal epinephrine spray, skilled 
artisans would have been motivated to achieve rapid onset of action and an 
epinephrine dose balanced to account for side effects and efficacy. Pet. 44; 
Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 365–68; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 314–25; 
Ex. 1006 (Srisawat) at 5 (“[D]ifferent epinephrine formulations for nasal 
spray should also be investigated to discover one . . . which can achieve 
better and faster systemic absorption.”); Ex. 1010 (Fleming) ¶ 12 (noting 
that 5 mg epinephrine nasal spray with Tmax of 70±17 minutes “is 
insufficient to be of any utility in anaphylactic shock”); Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶ 6 
(“there remains a need in the art for a quick-onset spray formulation”); 
Ex. 1080 (Kaliner depo.), 31:13–32:4 (agreeing that rapid onset is very 
important to treat anaphylaxis). 
Petitioner further demonstrates that “[b]ecause treatment of 
anaphylaxis requires rapid onset to avoid death or complications,” skilled 
artisans would have been motivated to use an absorption enhancer in an 
intranasal epinephrine spray. Pet. 6; see also id. at 45. Absorption 
enhancers were known to provide faster onset at lower doses by causing 
rapid systemic bioavailability. Id. at 6; Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶ 99; 
Ex. 1025 (Cunningham 2018), 1 (“Intravail® excipients have been 
demonstration to substantially increase systemic absorption (increased Cmax 
and bioavailability) and speed of drug uptake (shortened Tmax).”); Ex. 1020 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
39 
(Munjal), 10 (“Adding a permeation enhancer to IN sumatriptan markedly 
speeds its absorption compared with commercially available IN sumatriptan 
20 mg.”). The prior art expressly taught inclusion of absorption enhancers 
in intranasal epinephrine sprays. See, e.g., Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶¶ 5 (identifying 
“a need in the art for a quick-onset spray formulation”), 19–20 (disclosing 
intranasal formulations with permeation enhancers, including EDTA), Table 
1 (formulations include EDTA); Ex. 1006 (Srisawat) 5 (teaching inclusion of 
surfactant to “promote the nasal absorption of epinephrine”); Ex. 1002 
(Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 88–89, 369–71; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶ 322; 
Ex. 1080 (Kaliner depo.), 174:18–175:22 (discussing permeation enhancers 
in Potta’s Table 1 formulations). 
We also find that given epinephrine’s dose-dependent side effects and 
narrow therapeutic window, skilled artisans would have been motivated to 
pursue “low dose epinephrine nasal formulations,” such as the 1% w/w 
epinephrine (i.e., 1 mg/100 μl) formulations taught in Potta. Pet. 6, 21–22, 
49; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 94–107, 316–18; Ex. 1041 (Simons 
2006), 6, 8, Fig. 4; Ex. 1014 (Simons 2011), 11; Ex. 1052 (Kemp), 3–4; 
Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 23 ) (“Even at recommended doses, . . . 
epinephrine can present adverse effects.”). Skilled artisans would have 
known that avoiding side effects would be especially relevant when using 
absorption enhancers, which as noted above, were well known to increase 
the uptake and systemic bioavailability of drugs. See also Ex. 1002 (Smyth 
Decl.) ¶¶ 128–30; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶ 100; Ex. 2013 (Kaliner 
Decl.) ¶ 231 (“[M]ore rapid administration of epinephrine . . . may increase 
the risk of serious adverse effects.”). This motivation to use a low 
epinephrine dose is also consistent with the general drive of skilled artisans 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
40 
to provide the lowest effective dose to minimize side effects. Reply 17; 
Ex. 1080 (Kaliner depo.), 220:6–222:9 (discussing how “we all try to use the 
lowest effective dose,” and that “lower doses tend to have fewer issues with 
them;” agreeing that “skilled artisans would generally be motivated to 
administer the lowest effective dose to minimize side effects”). 
Petitioner also demonstrates that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have been motivated with a reasonable expectation of success to 
select DDM as an absorption enhancer for use in Potta’s formulations. 
Pet. 45. Although Potta teaches the use of absorption enhancers in its 
formulations and names a variety of example enhancers (see, e.g., Ex. 1004 
¶¶ 85–86), it does expressly name DDM. The prior art, moreover, taught the 
combination of DDM and epinephrine to enhance epinephrine absorption 
across mucosal membranes in ophthalmic, buccal, lingual, and sublingual 
formulations. Pet. 47–48; Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 109–10, 375–77; 
Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 352–54; Ex. 1021 (Kee), 9:15–38; Ex. 1022 
(Hill), code (57), ¶¶ 53, 102. Maggio also suggested the use of DDM with 
epinephrine. Pet. 48; Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶ 377; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein 
Decl.) ¶ 352; Ex. 1005 (Maggio) ¶ 356. 
Petitioner demonstrates that DDM was known to be “safe, non-toxic, 
and non-irritating, while still promoting rapid absorption of small molecules 
across the nasal mucosa[].” Pet. 45, 49–51; see also, e.g., Ex. 1002 (Smyth 
Decl.) ¶¶ 374–75, 377; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 330–38; Ex. 1016 
(Maggio 2014), 5–6. Maggio and Munjal also demonstrate the advantages 
of using DDM (albeit with other drug molecules) to increase uptake and 
bioavailability across mucosal membranes, allowing for reduced doses and 
side effects. Pet. 47, 49–51; Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 378–81, 393–96, 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
41 
404–06; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 352–53; Ex. 1005 (Maggio) ¶¶ 353–
56, 358–69; Ex. 1020 (Munjal), 1, 5–6, 9, 10. 
Accordingly, on this record, Petitioner establishes that Potta teaches 
all limitations of claim 1, and that skilled artisans would have been 
motivated to optimize the “low dose” intranasal formulations taught in 
Potta’s Table 1 and claim 21 by adding an absorption enhancer such as 
DDM, with a reasonable expectation of success. See, e.g., Pet. 44–51. 
Before deciding obviousness, we next analyze Patent Owner’s 
arguments in detail. 
(1) 
Patent Owner’s Arguments Regarding the 
Claimed Dose Range 
Patent Owner makes several arguments questioning whether 
Petitioner has shown a persuasive motivation to pursue the claimed dose 
range of epinephrine (i.e., “between about 0.1 mg and about 2.4 mg”). 
PO Resp. 39–40. First, Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner fails to point to 
any art indicating that a single intranasal dose of epinephrine below 3 mg 
could elicit a sought-after biological or medicinal response in any mammal.” 
Id. at 41 (citing Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 180; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) 
¶ 145). Patent Owner asserts that “the epinephrine doses that Potta reported 
as showing increased plasma epinephrine concentrations when delivered 
intranasally were 6 mg,” and Srisawat “reported that for all intranasal doses 
tested under 5 mg (including 0.3, 0.6, 1.25, and 2.5 mg), there was no 
plasma epinephrine concentration and therefore no sought-after biological or 
medicinal response.” Id. at 40–41 (citing Ex. 1004 (Potta), Ex. 8; Ex. 2013 
(Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 179; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 145; Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), 
4, Fig. 1). 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
42 
Patent Owner’s arguments are unavailing because claim 1 does not 
recite any limitation requiring a biological or medicinal response. 
Additionally, we agree with Petitioner that “to be motivated to pursue lower 
doses, efficacy at those doses need not be explicit in the art,” and as 
discussed above, Petitioner demonstrates sufficient motivation to combine 
the teachings of Potta, Maggio, and Munjal to pursue formulations falling 
within the claimed dose range. Reply 17. 
Patent Owner also argues that because Srisawat instructs that “the 
study should be repeated in a larger sample size and at the IN doses of 5 mg 
or higher to confirm the reproducibility of these findings and to obtain the 
optimal IN doses,” Petitioner’s argument that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would have been motivated to “optimize” at 3 mg or lower lacks 
credibility. PO Resp. 42 (quoting Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), 5) (emphasis 
omitted). 
This argument is unavailing. As Petitioner aptly explains, Srisawat’s 
5 mg intranasal formulation already demonstrated comparable absorption to 
the 0.3 mg intramuscular dose. Reply 19; Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), 1. 
Accordingly, a person of ordinary skill in the art looking to optimize for 
rapid onset would not add DDM to the 5 mg dose, given the risk of adverse 
effects with increased absorption. Reply 19; Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) 
¶ 117; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 145. Instead, a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have reasonably expected the addition of an absorption 
enhancer such as DDM to increase bioavailability, and thus would have 
started with a lower dose formulation. See, e.g., Pet. 45; Ex. 1002 (Smyth 
Decl.) ¶ 128; Ex. 1005 (Maggio) ¶ 360; Ex. 1020 (Munjal), 5–6; Reply 19; 
Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 105–06, 144–45; Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
43 
Decl.) ¶ 117. We agree with Petitioner that “[i]n context, Srisawat’s 
instruction does not teach away considering the motivation to seek rapid 
absorption and lower doses.” Reply 19; see also, e.g., Ex. 1003 (Weinstein 
Decl.) ¶¶ 100, 108, 137, 316–24, 336, 343; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) 
¶ 178 (“Skilled artisans would not understand [Srisawat’s suggestion] to be 
an instruction to dose at 5 mg or higher regardless of the pharmaceutical 
formulation.”). 
Patent Owner additionally argues that because Srisawat shows “no 
response at all from epinephrine doses less than 5 mg administered 
intranasally,” there is no motivation “to use non-effective doses” and no 
reasonable expectation of success that lower doses “would actually work.” 
PO Resp. 42; Sur-reply 13.15 As to motivation, Patent Owner’s argument 
fails to account for the expected increase in bioavailability of lower doses 
resulting from the addition of DDM, as discussed above. As to reasonable 
expectation of success, Patent Owner’s argument is inapplicable, because the 
required success is defined by what is claimed, see Intelligent Bio-Sys., Inc., 
821 F.3d at 1367, and claim 1 does not recite any limitation requiring that 
that the claimed formulations “would actually work.” 
Patent Owner also argues that “[g]iven that neither of Petitioner’s 
experts were able to articulate what the maximum tolerable dose of 
epinephrine was or what the optimum dose was when delivered intranasally 
 
15 Although we cite arguments from Patent Owner’s Sur-reply that fall under 
a heading relating to claim 3, Patent Owner applies its arguments made for 
claim 3 to claim 1. See Sur-reply 21 (“[W]ith respect to obviousness, the 
arguments for claim 1 of the ’414 patent regarding lack of motivation and 
reasonable expectation of success are the same as previously described for 
claim 3.”). 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
44 
(or even transmucosally), it is not credible for them to claim that POSAs 
would have been motivated to formulate in the dosage range claimed by the 
’414 patent.” PO Resp. 42 (citing Ex. 2017 (Weinstein depo.), 101:13–22; 
Ex. 2018 (Smyth depo.), 35:8–16); see also id. at 40 (arguing that 
Dr. Weinstein was unable to identify a maximum or “optimum” dose of 
epinephrine, citing Ex. 2017 (Weinstein depo.), 118:2–6, 118:8–119:1). 
Patent Owner does not adequately explain how these arguments 
undermine Petitioner’s showing. See, e.g., Reply 17 (Petitioner explaining 
that Dr. Weinstein’s testimony (1) does not address whether the maximum 
dose was known, and (2) was explaining that “optimum” (a word not in 
claims) could mean different things in different contexts). Patent Owner’s 
focus on the maximum tolerable dose is inapt, particularly given 
epinephrine’s narrow therapeutic window, where efficacious doses are close 
to toxic doses, and the record shows that dose-dependent side effects occur 
at a variety of doses. See Pet. 21–22; Ex. 1041 (Simons 2006), Fig. 4. As 
discussed above, the record also shows that dose-dependent side effects 
would be expected to worsen when using an absorption enhancer that 
increases the speed and extent of drug uptake.16 See also Pet. 6; Ex. 1002 
 
16 In Sur-reply, Patent Owner for the first time attacks two motivations 
Petitioner proffered in the Petition, i.e., (1) a motivation to pursue a lowered 
dose based on concern about epinephrine’s side effects; and (2) a motivation 
to optimize Potta’s formulations to achieve “rapid onset.” See Sur-reply 14, 
15. Both of these motivations were fully argued in the Petition (see, e.g., 
Pet. 6, 44, 45) and recognized in the Institution Decision (see Dec. 31), yet 
Patent Owner did not dispute these motivations in its Patent Owner 
Response. See, e.g., Reply 18 (arguing that Patent Owner ignored 
Petitioner’s motivation arguments relating to, among other things, side 
effects and achieving rapid response). It is too late for Patent Owner to do 
so for the first time in Sur-reply. See, e.g., Dec. 45 (“The Board will deem 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
45 
(Smyth Decl.) ¶ 128; Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 231 (Patent Owner’s 
declarant Dr. Kaliner testifying that “more rapid administration of 
epinephrine . . . may increase the risk of serious adverse effects such as 
ventricular arrhythmias, pulmonary edema, intracranial hemorrhage, and 
death”). 
To the extent Patent Owner is arguing that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art would have stuck with the 5 and 6 mg doses disclosed in Potta and 
Srisawat because these doses “were well tolerated in patients” (see PO Resp. 
42), we disagree that this undercuts Petitioner’s showing. This argument 
again fails to account for Petitioner’s arguments regarding a skilled artisan’s 
reason to pursue a lower-dose, rapid onset intranasal formulation that 
included an absorption enhancer such as DDM. See, e.g., Pet. 45. As 
discussed above, we find that Petitioner sufficiently establishes that a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to lower the dose from 
5 or 6 mg to compensate for the expected increase in bioavailability due to 
the addition of a permeation enhancer. See id. 
To the extent Patent Owner argues persons of ordinary skill in the art 
would have used higher doses because that is what others were investigating, 
e.g., for sublingual and inhalative administration (PO Resp. 42–43), we 
 
waived any issue not raised in a timely response to the Petition.”); Paper 13 
(Scheduling Order), 9 (“Patent Owner is cautioned that any arguments not 
raised in the response may be deemed waived.”). To the extent Patent 
Owner contends that its “rapid onset” arguments were provoked by 
Dr. Dyar’s discussion of how quickly IM injections onset (see Sur-reply 15 
(citing Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶ 54), that exact same information 
appears in the declarations submitted with the Petition. Compare Ex. 1082 
(Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶ 54, with Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶ 84 and Ex. 1003 
(Weinstein Decl.) ¶ 87. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
46 
agree with Petitioner that higher doses used in other delivery forms are less 
relevant. Reply 18. The record indicates that “drugs delivered by different 
routes of administration have different bioavailability,” and skilled artisans 
would have been aware that “doses must be adjusted for those routes of 
administration.” Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 115, 116, 117; Ex. 1080 
(Kaliner depo.), 144:20–145:8 (testifying that dosing for sublingual dosage 
form doesn’t necessarily translate to intranasal dosing); Ex. 1083 (Smyth 
Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 140–44, 179; Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), 4 (recognizing that 
higher dose needed for intranasal administration as compared to 
intramuscular administration, given that the drug must diffuse across the 
nasal epithelial barrier to reach the systemic circulation). 
(2) 
Patent Owner’s Arguments Regarding DDM 
Patent Owner next makes several arguments questioning whether 
Petitioner has shown a persuasive motivation to optimize Potta’s 
formulations by adding DDM, and a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so. PO Resp. 43–51. First, Patent Owner argues that because Potta 
reports that bioavailability for its 6 mg “hydro-alcoholic” intranasal 
formulations “is as good or better than that of the intramuscular injection,” a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have had no need to “optimize” 
these formulations. PO Resp. 44 (quoting Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶ 269) (emphasis 
omitted). Patent Owner additionally argues that because Potta discloses 
benefits of these formulations, a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have been motivated to use these hydro-alcoholic formulations, not aqueous 
formulations as recited in claim 1. Id. at 51 (citing Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) 
¶ 128; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 159; Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶¶ 267–68 (disclosing 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
47 
that subjects receiving the hydroalcoholic formulations had higher Cmax 
versus those receiving the aqueous formulation)). 
These arguments are unavailing because they do not address 
Petitioner’s showing that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
been motivated to move away from Potta’s hydro-alcoholic formulations due 
to potential irritation of the nasal mucosa. See Pet. 45; Ex. 1002 (Smyth 
Decl.) ¶ 389; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶ 342; Ex 1047 (Kulkami), 4 
(“[N]on-aqueous nasal spray formulations are suspected to have increased 
levels of safety risk.”). Moreover, even if Potta’s hydro-alcoholic 
formulations (or spray-dry formulations, see PO Resp. 51) were viable 
options, the formulations Petitioner asserts a person of ordinary skill in the 
art would have pursued need not be the best option, merely a suitable option 
from which the prior art did not teach away. See Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d 
at 1197–98. 
Patent Owner next argues that “optimizing” a drug formulation does 
not necessarily mean using permeation enhancers, given that the fewer 
inactive ingredients added to a formulation, the better (e.g., in terms of 
ensuring product stability and reducing cost). PO Resp. 44–45 (citing 
Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶¶ 23, 31, 34, 40, 150, 152; Ex. 2016 (Smyth Decl. in 
IPR2017-00807) ¶ 42). Patent Owner has not demonstrated that this general 
concern is sufficiently strong here to undercut Petitioner’s arguments, 
especially because Patent Owner has not identified any specific stability or 
cost concerns regarding Petitioner’s proposed formulations. Additionally, 
even if there were ways to formulate without an absorption enhancer, this is 
not decisive, because the law does not require that an obvious formulation be 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
48 
the only, or even the best, choice. See Reply 20; Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d 
at 1197–98. 
Patent Owner relatedly argues that in addition to using permeation 
enhancers, many other approaches to improving a formulation’s 
bioavailability existed, such as using a spray-dried power, nanoparticles, or 
liposomes. PO Resp. 45 (citing Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶¶ 151; Ex. 2013 
(Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 194; Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶¶ 261–64). Here again, even if 
there were other suitable ways to optimize Potta’s formulations, we find that 
Petitioner has set forth one suitable approach and a persuasive rationale for 
adopting it, and, on this record, there is insufficient evidence to establish any 
teaching away from that approach. 
Patent Owner next contends that even if a skilled artisan would have 
been motivated to optimize Potta’s formulations using a permeation 
enhancer, it is hindsight to say that they would have selected DDM, 
including because: (1) Potta’s formulation already included several 
ingredients that could function as a permeation enhancer (edetate disodium 
dehydrate, BKC, and ethanol); (2) there are hundreds of other potential 
permeation enhancers; (3) DDM had not been used in any FDA-approved 
medication and was not on the FDA’s “inactive ingredients list”; and 
(4) other permeation enhancers were preferred for use with epinephrine. 
PO Resp. 46–49 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶¶ 48, 129, 195–202, 
217; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶¶ 36–37, 39, 44, 45, 152–53, 156; Ex. 2018 
(Smyth depo.), 64:10–65:16, 112:6–15).17 
 
17 For the first time in Sur-reply, Patent Owner characterizes the Petition’s 
arguments regarding motivation to choose DDM as applying an “obvious to 
try” rationale. Sur-reply 16–17. The Petition does not indicate that it is 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
49 
First, Patent Owner’s declarant Dr. Kaliner confirmed both that DDM 
was known to speed absorption, and that skilled artisans would have been 
motivated to speed absorption for an epinephrine nasal spray. Ex. 1080 
(Kaliner depo.), 163:5–14; Reply 21–22. This testimony is consistent with 
Petitioner’s asserted motivation to use DDM to achieve rapid onset. See, 
e.g., Pet. 45. Second, the existence of permeation enhancers other than 
DDM is not decisive. Petitioner demonstrates a motivation to use DDM, 
and we see no showing on this record that the prior art taught away from 
DDM. See Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d at 1197–98. The identification of 
other permeation enhancers as “preferred” or “standard” does not constitute 
a teaching away. Galderma Labs., L.P. v. Tolmar, Inc., 737 F.3d 731, 739 
(Fed. Cir. 2013) (“A teaching that a composition may be optimal or standard 
does not criticize, discredit, or otherwise discourage investigation into other 
compositions.”). 
As to DDM in particular, Patent Owner’s argument that “[s]ome 
articles even questioned the viability of dodecylmaltoside as an inactive 
ingredient due to toxicity concerns” is not well-supported. PO Resp. 47 
(citing Ex. 2026 (Vllasaliu), 1, 8–11; Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 166; 
Ex. 2014 (Weiss Decl.) ¶ 154). Although Patent Owner and its declarants 
reference “articles” (plural), they cite one such article, Vllasaliu (Ex. 2026). 
See id.; see also Ex. 1081 (Wyse depo.), 133:17–134:14 (Patent Owner’s 
declarant Dr. Wyse could not recall whether additional articles suggested 
 
applying this legal theory. Moreover, Patent Owner did not raise its 
“obvious to try” argument in the Patent Owner Response, and thus Patent 
Owner forfeited this argument. See, e.g., Dec. 45; Paper 13 (Scheduling 
Order), 9. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
50 
that DDM is toxic). Vllasaliu reports results from an in vitro assay using 
Calu-3 cells. See Ex. 2026 (Vllasaliu), Abstr.; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply 
Decl.) ¶ 132. The relevance of this cell model for toxicity assessment was 
criticized in a subsequent paper, which stated: “[a]ttempts to use this same 
cell based model for toxicity assessment is not predictive because of gross 
difference between the in vitro and in situ cell environments.” Ex. 1016 
(Maggio 2014), 5; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 132. Moreover, we 
agree with Dr. Smyth that skilled artisans would have placed more 
importance on Munjal’s clinical trial results over Vllasaliu’s in vitro data. 
Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 132. As Dr. Smyth explains, Munjal 
reported that intranasal administration of a formulation comprising DDM 
was safe and tolerable, and all adverse events “were mild in severity.” Id. 
(quoting Ex. 1020 (Munjal), 7); see also Pet. 24 (“Maggio disclosed that 
Intravail®, such as DDM, was safe, non-toxic, and non-irritating, in contrast 
to other absorption enhancement agents that cause damage to the nasal 
mucosa.”); Ex. 1005 (Maggio) ¶ 73; Ex. 1015 (Maggio 2013), 2–3; Ex. 1016 
(Maggio 2014), 5–6. 
Patent Owner attempts to distinguish prior art that teaches or suggests 
the use of DDM with epinephrine. PO Resp. 48–49. Specifically, Kee 
teaches an epinephrine ophthalmic formulation comprising DDM, BKC, and 
a viscosity agent (hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (“HMPC”)). Ex. 1021 
(Kee), 9:15–38, 8:23–33. Kee reports that when this formulation was 
administered to rabbits, it permeated “far better through the cornea” than a 
formulation having a 10-fold higher epinephrine concentration that lacked 
DDM and HMPC. Id. Patent Owner asserts that a skilled artisan would not 
have viewed Kee’s results “as relevant to, or predictive of, the problem of 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
51 
intranasal delivery of epinephrine,” given differences such as the use of a 
viscosity agent, the structure of the cornea versus that of the nasal mucosa 
(including mucus, cilia, etc.), and the topical/local response measured in Kee 
(change in pupil diameter), as opposed to a systemic effect sought here 
(increased plasma epinephrine concentration). PO Resp. 48 (citing Ex. 2013 
(Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 198; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 155). 
Despite the differences in formulation and measured or desired effect, 
however, we find that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have viewed 
Kee as demonstrating the compatibility of DDM and epinephrine for 
transmucosal delivery. Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶ 377; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein 
Decl.) ¶ 329. Dr. Kaliner posits that “it is unclear what effect 
dodecylmaltoside would have had on epinephrine in the absence of HPMC.” 
Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 198. But Dr. Kaliner admits, “I am not an expert 
in the formulation of intranasal drugs,” and Patent Owner’s formulation 
expert, Dr. Wyse, did not raise the same question. Id. ¶ 33; see also 
Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 155 (addressing Kee). 
Kee teaches that HPMC, a viscosity agent, allows the drug to be 
retained in the eye for a longer period of time, “thus allowing the enhancers 
more time to facilitate drug transport through the cornea.” Ex. 1021, 2:27–
35, 5:37–49. We have not been directed to anything in the record indicating 
that HPMC is necessary for DDM to effect transmucosal delivery of 
epinephrine or any other drug. Indeed, Kee teaches and claims example 
formulations using DDM with a drug but no HPMC or other viscosity 
enhancer. Ex. 1021, claims 1–3, 11:36–48 (Example 11); Ex. 1002 (Smyth 
Decl.) ¶¶ 207–08. Thus, without identifying a specific reason why HPMC 
might have been necessary to effect permeation of epinephrine into the 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
52 
cornea, Dr. Kaliner’s speculation does not adequately suggest that a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have discounted Kee’s teachings. 
Dr. Kaliner further asserts that “the differences in the structure of the 
cornea versus the nose could impact the permeation abilities of 
dodecylmaltoside.” Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 198. But again, Dr. Kaliner 
fails to provide any specifics here, e.g., by contrasting how the different 
structures of the cornea and nose could differentially impact the ability of 
DDM to enhance epinephrine’s movement across the mucosa. See id. Drs. 
Kaliner and Wyse identify the mucus barrier lining the mucosal epithelium 
of tissues as one of the major challenges to transmucosal drug delivery, but a 
mucus barrier exists in the eye as well. Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 35; 
Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 24; Ex. 2024 (Leal), 1. 
Patent Owner also seeks to distinguish Hill (Ex. 1022). PO Resp. 48–
49. Hill teaches buccal, lingual, and sublingual epinephrine tablets for the 
treatment of anaphylaxis, where the tablets can include absorption enhancers 
such as DDM. Ex. 1022 (Hill), code (57), ¶ 53. Patent Owner criticizes Hill 
for lacking “actual data or examples.” PO Resp. 48–49 (citing Ex. 2013 
(Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 19918; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 155). We agree with 
Petitioner’s declarant Dr. Smyth, however, that in the context of the prior art 
as a whole—including other references teaching or suggesting the use of 
DDM with epinephrine and other drugs in transmucosal and intranasal 
formulations—Hill would have provided skilled artisans with additional 
 
18 Patent Owner cites Ex. 2013 at paragraph 198, but that paragraph relates 
to Kee. PO Resp. 48–49. We assume that Patent Owner intended to cite 
paragraph 199, which relates to Hill. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
53 
motivation to combine DDM with epinephrine in an intranasal formulation. 
Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 160. 
Patent Owner also seeks to discount Maggio and Munjal because they 
teach the use of DDM with opioids and sumatriptan, not with epinephrine. 
PO Resp. 49–50 (citing, e.g., Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 157; Ex. 2013 
(Kaliner Decl.) ¶¶ 200–01; Ex. 2017 (Weinstein depo.), 149:10–18; 
Ex. 1064 (Pires), 17). Patent Owner correctly notes that epinephrine, 
sumatriptan, and opioids have different structures and indications. See id. at 
48–49. But Patent Owner’s narrow focus on the different structures and 
indications overlooks that the prior art—including Maggio itself—in fact 
taught combining epinephrine and DDM. See Ex. 1005 (Maggio) ¶ 356. On 
the complete trial record, we find that these teachings—together with 
Maggio and Munjal’s teachings that DDM increases uptake and 
bioavailability (albeit demonstrated with other molecules)—sufficiently 
support a motivation to combine Potta’s intranasal epinephrine formulations 
with DDM. 
Patent Owner also ignores that the prior art taught that “permeation 
effectiveness of certain alkylsaccharides is largely a function of the 
molecular weight of the drug with greater bioavailabilities observed with 
lower molecular weight drugs.” Pet. 24; see also id. at 25; Ex. 1015 
(Maggio 2013), 6; Reply 22; Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 125–26, 227–28; 
Ex. 1025 (Cunningham), Abstr., 1–2, 4; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) 
¶¶ 97–102, 162; Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶ 124. The prior art teaches 
that “[f]or small molecule drugs (i.e., MW<1,000 Daltons) nasal 
bioavailability in the presence of alkylsaccharide absorption enhancers is 
predominantly a function of molecular weight and is expected to be high.” 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
54 
Ex. 1025 (Cunningham), 2. DDM increased the absorption and rapid onset 
of action of sumatriptan (molecular weight of 295.4 g/mol) and 
hydromorphone (molecular weight of 285.3 g/mol). See Ex. 1082 (Dyar 
Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 123–24; Ex. 1020 (Munjal) (sumatriptan), 5–10; Ex. 1025 
(Cunningham) (hydromorphone), 2, 4). These teachings support Petitioner’s 
contention that DDM would reasonably be expected to increase the 
absorption and rapid onset of action of epinephrine (molecular weight of 
183.2 g/mol), which is smaller than sumatriptan and hydromorphone, as 
well. Ex. 1082 (Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶ 124. And indeed, Kee demonstrated as 
much in an ocular formulation. Ex. 1021 (Kee), 9:15–38. 
Although Patent Owner’s Response does not directly address 
Petitioner’s arguments regarding the importance of molecular weight on 
DDM’s efficacy, Patent Owner does assert that “the effects of 
dodecylmaltoside are (a) largely unpredictable, and (b) can have no 
absorption enhancing effects on certain molecules.” PO Resp. 50 (citing 
Ex. 2028 (Gradauer), 1, 5; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 158; Ex. 2013 (Kaliner 
Decl.) ¶ 202; Ex. 2029 (Crystal 556); Ex. 2033 (Crystal 666)). In support, 
Patent Owner cites Gradauer, which describes a study designed “to provide a 
better understanding of the molecular interaction of absorption enhancers 
with the intestine.” Ex. 2028 (Gradauer), Abstr. In particular, to determine 
the “extent to which the action of DDM is apportioned between the para- 
and transcellular routes” in Caco-2 cells, the study “examin[ed] the transport 
of relevant marker compounds ([3H]-mannitol and [3H]-propranolol, 
respectively).” Id. The results showed that “[i]n the case of [3H]-mannitol, 
a robust permeation enhancement was achieved with 0.5 mM DDM (∼6-
fold), whereas little effect was seen on the permeation of [3H]-propranolol.” 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
55 
Id. Based on Gradauer’s results showing little permeation of the [3H]-
propranolol marker, Patent Owner’s declarants conclude that DDM does not 
have an absorption-enhancing effect on every molecule. Ex. 2013 (Kaliner 
Decl.) ¶ 202; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 158. 
On this record, this study’s relevance to a skilled artisan is unclear. 
See Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 133 (“[T]hat Gradauer 2017 showed 
different ‘effects’ on the transport markers, mannitol and propranolol, does 
not relate to the effects that dodecyl maltoside would have on small 
molecules in pharmaceutical formulations.”). And even if Gradauer 
demonstrates that DDM transported one small molecule or marker ([3H]-
mannitol) but not another ([3H]-propranolol) in an in vitro intestinal cell 
model, we find more relevant other art such as Kee, which demonstrates that 
DDM transported epinephrine across the ocular mucosal membrane in the 
rabbit. See Ex. 1021 (Kee), 9:15–38. 
Patent Owner’s declarant Dr. Wyse also asserts that “because DDM 
and other alkyl saccharides work via a ‘multimodal’ mechanism (i.e., they 
act both via para- and trans-cellular mechanisms), predictability of their 
behavior with any given molecule is difficult.” Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) 
¶¶ 47, 158 (citing Ex. 2030 (Danielsen 2018)). But even if the exact cellular 
transport route differs across molecules, this does not necessarily mean that 
whether DDM will transport a given molecule is unpredictable. See 
Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 34. 
Patent Owner’s citation to Exhibits 2029 and 2033, which are two 
patent applications to Crystal, is unavailing because neither Patent Owner 
nor its declarants cite any particular portion of these exhibits, or otherwise 
explain their relevance. See PO Resp. 50; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶¶ 47, 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
56 
158; Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 202. Accordingly, we decline to consider 
these exhibits. See Trial Practice Guide 66 (patent owner response should 
“explain the relevance” of evidence sought to be relied upon). 
In sum, we find that Patent Owner’s arguments and evidence do not 
trump the prior art showing that epinephrine and DDM actually moved 
together across rabbit ocular epithelium. See Ex. 1021 (Kee), 9:15–38. We 
determine that this more relevant evidence, together with the general 
knowledge that for “small molecule drugs (i.e., MW<1,000 Daltons) nasal 
bioavailability in the presence of alkylsaccharide absorption enhancers is 
predominantly a function of molecular weight and is expected to be high” 
(Ex. 1025 (Cunningham), 2), is sufficient on this record to demonstrate a 
motivation to select DDM with a reasonable expectation of success. 
(3) 
Patent Owner’s Arguments Regarding Long-
Felt Need 
Patent Owner argues that the claimed subject matter satisfies a long-
felt, unresolved need. Patent Owner does not clearly identify the contours of 
the alleged long-felt, unresolved need. As best we can discern, Patent 
Owner appears to be arguing that there was a long-felt, unresolved need for 
an alternative to the treatment of choice for type-1 hypersensitivity 
reactions, which is an intramuscular injection of epinephrine. See, e.g., 
PO Resp. 37–38, 56–58 (discussing how skilled artisans have unsuccessfully 
searched for alternatives to epinephrine intramuscular injections). 
We agree with Patent Owner that the record demonstrates 
disadvantages associated with intramuscular injection, and a search for 
alternative delivery routes (including via intranasal delivery). See, e.g., 
PO Resp. 56–59; Pet. 20; Ex. 1010 (Fleming) ¶ 6 (“[T]here exists a need in 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
57 
the market for more convenient, easy delivery of correct dosage form that 
does not require prior training in the use of the device, and increase 
compliance in persons prone to anaphylaxis.”); Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), 2 
(“[A]lternatives to epinephrine auto-injectors have been investigated, e.g., 
epinephrine administered via inhalation, sublingual, or intranasal (IN) 
routes.”); Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶ 6 (“While there are various epinephrine 
formulations currently available, there remains a need in the art for a quick-
onset spray formulation.”); Ex. 1022 (Hill) ¶ 7 (“there exists a need in the art 
for additional methods of immediately administering epinephrine to a person 
undergoing anaphylaxis wherein the epinephrine can be administered in a 
series of sequential dosage forms which do not rely solely on epinephrine 
injectors”). 
We find, however, that Patent Owner has not adequately demonstrated 
that any long-felt need for an alternative to intramuscular injection remained 
unmet until the claimed subject matter satisfied the need. See, e.g., In re 
Cavanagh, 436 F.2d 491, 496 (CCPA 1971) (“even if we accept that there 
was a problem, it was still incumbent upon appellant . . . to bring forward 
evidence of his satisfaction of the need”). First, the record shows, and 
Patent Owner acknowledges, that persons of ordinary skill in the art were 
exploring a variety of epinephrine delivery routes, including sublingual, 
lingual, buccal, inhalative, and intranasal delivery. See, e.g., PO Resp. 57. 
Patent Owner asserts, however, that “none of these efforts have resulted in a 
commercial product.” We are not aware of any legal requirement that there 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
58 
must be a “commercial product” to demonstrate prior satisfaction of a long-
felt need.19 
We agree with Petitioner that at least Potta and Fleming’s intranasal 
formulations satisfied any need for an alternative to epinephrine 
intramuscular injections. See Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶ 456; Reply 25; 
Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 190; Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶ 93; Ex. 1004 
(Potta) ¶ 243 (Table 1), claim 21; Ex. 1010 (Fleming) ¶¶ 12, 15, 18, 31–32. 
Patent Owner does not clearly dispute Petitioner’s contentions that the Potta 
and Fleming formulations satisfy any long-felt need, and indeed, Patent 
Owner and its declarants acknowledge that Potta’s 6 mg intranasal 
formulations achieved a biological response and were well-tolerated. See 
PO Resp. 40, 42, 44; Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶¶ 32, 179, 181, 193; 
Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶¶ 145, 147; Ex. 1004 (Potta), Example 8. 
Patent Owner asserts that the challenged patent “for the first time” 
provides an alternative to the intramuscular administration using “doses 
below 3 mg with an intranasal route.” PO Resp. 58 (citing Ex. 2013 
(Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 232). Thus, to the extent Patent Owner seeks to discount 
 
19 In any event, we observe that Patent Owner’s declarant Dr. Kaliner 
discusses a marketed product, namely “an inhaled epinephrine product 
(INFECTOKRUPP® Inhal) . . . marketed in Germany for the treatment of 
allergic reactions of the upper airways.” Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 29 
(citing Ex. 1050 (Breuer), 1–2), see also id. ¶ 184. Potta also mentions 
previously-available epinephrine nasal and aerosol sprays, and a 
commercially available oral inhalation solution of a racemate of epinephrine. 
Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶ 4. We also observe that to the extent a commercial 
product is required to satisfy a long-felt need, Patent Owner has not pointed 
to a commercial product with sufficient nexus to the challenged claims that 
satisfies a long-felt need. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
59 
Potta or Fleming’s formulations as solving the long-felt need on the basis 
that they are higher doses than recited in the claims, we agree with Petitioner 
that Patent Owner has identified no nexus between a long-felt but unmet 
need and the claimed doses. See Reply 25–26; see also Iron Grip Barbell 
Co. v. USA Sports, Inc., 392 F.3d 1317, 1324–25 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (affirming 
summary judgment of obviousness where patentee failed to prove nexus). 
And to the extent there was a long-felt need for an intranasal epinephrine 
formulation below 3 mg, we agree with Petitioner that the anticipating 
formulations in Potta discussed above (in Section II.D.2.a) satisfy that need. 
See Reply 25; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 190 (Petitioner’s declarant 
Dr. Smyth opining that the anticipatory 1% formulations of Potta Table 1 or 
claim 21 satisfy any long-felt but unmet need for a low-dose epinephrine 
intranasal formulation). 
For the above reasons, we determine that Patent Owner has not 
demonstrated that the claimed subject matter satisfied a long-felt, unmet 
need. 
(4) 
Patent Owner’s Arguments Regarding 
Unexpected Results 
Patent Owner asserts that around the time of the challenged patent, 
skilled artisans “were investigating several different methods of 
transmucosal delivery of epinephrine, and using much higher doses than 
intramuscular injection to achieve a systemic response.” PO Resp. 59 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶¶ 265–69 (6 mg intranasal spray); Ex. 1006 
(Srisawat), 4, Fig. 1 (5 mg intranasal spray); Ex. 1051 (Rawas Qalaji), 2, 4 
(10, 20, 40 mg sublingual tablets); Ex. 2032 (Levitt), 1 (20 mg sublingual 
tablets); Ex. 1050 (Breuer), 1–2 (4 and 8 mg inhalative doses); Ex. 2013 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
60 
(Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 233). Patent Owner further asserts that Srisawat showed 
“no systemic absorption of epinephrine when administered intranasally at 
doses of 2.5 mg and lower.” Id. (citing, e.g., Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), 3, Fig. 1). 
Patent Owner asserts that its “discoveries with respect to lower doses of 
epinephrine were entirely unexpected.” Id. 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments. Purported 
unexpected results “must be shown to be unexpected compared with the 
closest prior art.” In re Baxter Travenol Labs., 952 F.2d 388, 392 (Fed. Cir. 
1991). We agree with Petitioner that Patent Owner’s “unexpected results 
argument identifies no comparison to the closest prior art or a nexus to the 
claimed invention.” Reply 26; see also Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶ 455 
(opining that that “there is no evidence that any of the claimed ranges are 
‘critical’ or achieve ‘unexpected results,’ when compared, for example, to 
the ranges claimed in Potta”). We are also not persuaded that the dosages 
used for other routes of administration are relevant to whether the claimed 
dosage for intranasal administration are “surprising” or “unexpected.” The 
record indicates that “drugs delivered by different routes of administration 
have different bioavailability,” and skilled artisans would have been aware 
that “doses must be adjusted for those routes of administration.” Ex. 1082 
(Dyar Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 115, 116, 117; Ex. 1080 (Kaliner depo.), 144:20–
145:8 (testifying that dosing for sublingual dosage form doesn’t necessarily 
translate to intranasal dosing); Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶¶ 140–43. 
Patent Owner further contends that alkylsaccharides “had not been 
adopted for use before the priority date,” and that significant toxicity of 
alkylsaccharides to airway epithelial cells had been reported. PO Resp. 59 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶¶ 50–53, 235; Ex. 2026 (Vllasaliu), 1, 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
61 
8–11). Patent Owner asserts: “Thus, it was unexpected that the inventors of 
the ’414 patent were able to combine dodecylmaltoside with epinephrine 
administered intranasally and arrive at the doses claimed in the ’414 patent.” 
Id. (citing Ex. 2013 (Kaliner Decl.) ¶ 235). This argument is unavailing. 
We agree with Petitioner that to the extent Patent Owner is arguing the 
claimed invention is unexpectedly nontoxic, prior art clinical administration 
of intranasal formulations comprising DDM performed after Vllasaliu 
demonstrated no toxicity concern. Reply 26; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) 
¶ 193; Ex. 1020 (Munjal), 10 (administration was “safe and well tolerated”). 
For the above reasons, we determine that Patent Owner has not 
demonstrated unexpected results associated with the claimed subject matter. 
(5) 
Conclusion on Claim 1 
Considering all of the arguments and evidence presented on the full 
trial record, we determine that Petitioner has demonstrated by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claim 1 would have been unpatentable as 
obvious over Potta, Maggio, and Munjal. Pet. 48–51. 
b) 
Dependent Claims 2, 7–9 and 11–17 
Dependent claims 2, 7–9, and 11–17 depend directly or indirectly 
from claim 1. As to claims 2, 7–9, and 12–17, Petitioner argues that the 
cited prior art discloses the additional limitations introduced in each of these 
dependent claims, and supports its argument with citations to the prior art 
and testimony from its declarants. See Pet. 51 (claims 2, 12, 13, 15–17), 52 
(claims 7–9), 53 (claim 14). Other than its arguments over the subject 
matter of claim 1 incorporated into these dependent claims, which we 
discussed above, Patent Owner proffers no arguments specific to these 
dependent claims (and thus has forfeited any arguments specific to these 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
62 
claims). See PO Resp. 56; In re NuVasive, Inc., 841 F.3d at 974; Paper 13, 
9. Thus, based on our review of Petitioner’s arguments and evidence 
relating to dependent claims 2, 7–9, and 12–17 (see Pet. 51 (claims 2, 12, 13, 
15–17), 52 (claims 7–9), 53 (claim 14)), which we adopt as our own, and our 
analysis of claim 1 in Section II.E.2.a above, we conclude that Petitioner has 
proved by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 2, 7–9, and 12–17 are 
unpatentable as obvious over the combination of Potta, Maggio, and Munjal. 
As to dependent claim 11, in our Institution Decision we expressed 
reservations regarding the sufficiency of Petitioner’s arguments on this 
claim, particularly whether the Petition sufficiently articulates a reason why 
a person of ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to use a 
combination of BKC and DDM as absorption enhancers in Potta’s 
formulation. Dec. 39–40. At that time, we did not recognize that Potta 
expressly discloses using BKC as an absorption enhancer. However, and as 
discussed above in connection with our anticipation analysis of claim 11, 
post-institution, both parties assert that Potta in fact discloses BKC as an 
absorption enhancer. See Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶ 20; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply 
Decl.) ¶ 88; Ex. 2014 (Wyse Decl.) ¶ 110; Ex. 1080 (Kaliner depo.), 
174:18–175:22. Potta also discloses using amounts of permeation enhancers 
that encompass the claimed range, as well as using a combination of 
permeation enhancers. Ex. 1004 (Potta) ¶¶ 20, 85. Maggio also discloses 
using BKC as a permeation enhancer, using amounts that encompass the 
claimed amounts, and using a combination of permeation enhancers. 
Ex. 1005 (Maggio) ¶¶ 171, 189, 243; see also Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶ 470. 
Patent Owner does not specifically dispute Petitioner’s obviousness 
arguments concerning claim 11. See generally PO Resp. In view of Potta 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
63 
and Maggio’s disclosures and the arguments of record, we conclude that 
Petitioner has proved by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 11 is 
unpatentable as obvious over the combination of Potta, Maggio, and Munjal. 
See, e.g., Pet. 53; Reply 25; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 467–76; Ex. 1083 ¶¶ 172–73, 175–
76. 
c) 
Dependent Claim 10 
Pertinent to Petitioner’s obviousness argument, claim 10 recites in 
relevant part: “about 0.005% (w/v) to about 2.5% (w/v) dodecyl maltoside.” 
Ex. 1001, 73:17–18. Petitioner asserts that Maggio and Munjal teach 
amounts of DDM that overlap with or are encompassed by claim 10, and 
specifically teach using 0.18% and 0.20% DDM in an intranasal sumatriptan 
formulation. Pet. 53. 
To show obviousness, however, it is not enough to merely show that 
the prior art includes references disclosing each limitation in a challenged 
claim. See Unigene Labs., Inc. v. Apotex, Inc., 655 F.3d 1352, 1360 (Fed. 
Cir. 2011). In the Institution Decision, we questioned whether the Petition 
identifies a sufficient reason why a person of ordinary skill would have been 
motivated to use the amounts of DDM taught in Maggio and Munjal’s 
sumatriptan formulations in Potta’s epinephrine formulation. Dec. 39; see 
also Metalcraft of Mayville, Inc. v. Toro Co., 848 F.3d 1358, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 
2017) (“In determining whether there would have been a motivation to 
combine prior art references to arrive at the claimed invention, it is 
insufficient to simply conclude the combination would have been obvious 
without identifying any reason why a person of skill in the art would have 
made the combination.”). Post-institution, Petitioner asserts that Patent 
Owner “has come forth with nothing and thus admits obviousness” of the 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
64 
additional limitation of claim 10. Reply 25. This is an incorrect statement 
of law. Petitioner bears the burden of demonstrating unpatentability, and 
that burden remains with Petitioner throughout IPR proceedings. See 
Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016); 
Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 
(Fed. Cir. 2015). 
As we stated in the Institution Decision, although the Petition notes 
that both sumatriptan and epinephrine are small molecules (Pet. 53), this is 
too tenuous a reason to have motivated a skilled artisan to use the specific 
amounts of DDM (0.18% and 0.20%) used in the sumatriptan formulations 
in an epinephrine formulation. Dec. 38. On Reply, Petitioner additionally 
states that the “prior art taught using ~0.2% DDM with small molecules,” 
and cites additional paragraphs from Dr. Smyth’s Reply Declaration 
comparing the molecular weights of sumatriptan, hydromorphone, and 
epinephrine, and suggesting that given the “similar molecular weight,” a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to use the same 
amounts of DDM with epinephrine that were used with sumatriptan and 
hydromorphone. Reply 25; Ex. 1083 (Smyth Reply Decl.) ¶ 171. This more 
specific explanation and discussion of relative molecular weights is missing 
from the Petition’s arguments for claim 10. As stated in the Trial Practice 
Guide, “Petitioner may not submit new evidence or argument in reply that it 
could have presented earlier, e.g. to make out a prima facie case of 
unpatentability.” Trial Practice Guide, 73. 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
65 
Accordingly, on the full trial record, we conclude that Petitioner has 
not proved by a preponderance of the evidence claim 10 is unpatentable as 
obvious over the combination of Potta, Maggio, and Munjal.20 
d) 
Dependent Claims 3–6 and 18–20 
Petitioner does not attempt to demonstrate that the additional 
limitation recited in claim 3, namely “a plasma epinephrine concentration 
that is efficacious for the treatment of anaphylaxis,” is expressly recited in 
the asserted prior art. See, e.g., Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d at 1194 (“We 
first must determine whether [the patent challenger] carried its burden to 
prove that all claimed limitations are disclosed in the prior art.”) Instead, 
Petitioner asserts that combining Potta’s formulations with DDM would 
“result[] in a formulation that would inherently, at a minimum, ‘elicit a 
biological response,’ as well as a higher biological effect.” Pet. 52. 
“[I]nherency may supply a missing claim limitation in an obviousness 
analysis,” but this is a “high standard.” Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d at 1194–
95. Petitioner must establish that “the limitation at issue [is] necessarily . . . 
 
20 Above we find that Potta anticipates claim 10. See Section II.D.2.a. 
Although we recognize the maxim that “anticipation is the epitome of 
obviousness” (see, e.g., In re McDaniel, 293 F.3d 1379, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 
2002)), here we find that Petitioner has not carried its burden of 
demonstrating that claim 10 is obvious. This outcome is a result of the 
Petitioner’s specific arguments. See SAS Institute, Inc. v. Iancu, 138 S. Ct. 
1348, 1356 (2018) (indicating that the Petition guides the life of the trial). 
Claim 10 limits claims 1 and 7 by reciting specific amounts of DDM, BKC, 
and/or oleic acid, and combinations thereof. See Ex. 1001, 73:14–31. 
Petitioner’s claim 10 anticipation arguments are based Potta’s disclosures for 
BKC and oleic acid, but its obviousness arguments are based on Maggio and 
Munjal’s disclosures of DDM. Compare Pet. 39, with id. at 53. 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
66 
present, or the natural result of the combination of elements explicitly 
disclosed by the prior art.” Id. at 1195–96. 
The difference between Petitioner’s anticipation and obviousness 
arguments for claim 3 is that for claim 3, Petitioner relies on the addition of 
DDM to Potta’s formulations. Compare Pet. 35, with id. at 52. Thus, the 
operative question here is whether Potta’s formulations with DDM would 
inherently provide the recited “plasma epinephrine concentration that is 
efficacious for the treatment of anaphylaxis.” 
The Petition’s argument and evidence on this point is thin. Petitioner 
asserts that Maggio and Munjal “confirm[]” that Potta’s formulations with 
DDM would elicit a biological response, because these references show that 
DDM “provide[s] rapid and increased absorption.” Pet. 52 (citing Ex. 1002 
(Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 405–06, 418–19; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 353–54, 
366–68). Thus, even if a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
expected DDM to enhance the onset and bioavailability of epinephrine (see, 
e.g., Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶ 405), the pertinent question is whether adding 
DDM to the cited Potta formulations would necessarily result in the claimed 
plasma epinephrine concentration. We are unconvinced that Maggio and 
Munjal answer this question, because Petitioner has not sufficiently 
demonstrated that what applied to phenylephrine and sumatriptan would 
have also applied to the same extent to Potta’s formulations. Indeed, the 
record reflects that “[e]ach drug is one particular case and, thus, the 
relationship between the drug characteristics, the strategies considered and 
the permeation rate is essential.” Ex. 1064 (Pires), 17. 
Petitioner points to data in Srisawat and Potta regarding the 
administration of 5 mg and 6 mg intranasal epinephrine formulations, 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
67 
respectively. Pet. 46. It is undisputed that these formulations—which 
lacked DDM—resulted in a plasma epinephrine concentration. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), Fig. 1; Ex. 1004 (Potta), Example 8; PO Resp. 52; 
Pet. 46. We are also persuaded that if DDM were added to Srisawat and 
Potta’s formulations, it would be possible to lower the dose from 5 mg and 6 
mg and still likely achieve epinephrine absorption in the formulation 
recipients. See, e.g., Pet. 50; Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 128–30, 393–396; 
Ex. 1020 (Munjal), 5–6, 9. 
What is missing on this record, however, is the extent to which the 
5 mg and 6 mg doses in Srisawat and Potta could be lowered due to the 
addition of DDM, and still necessarily result in the claimed plasma 
epinephrine concentration. Or more to the point—nothing on this record 
indicates that if DDM were added to the Potta formulations on which 
Petitioner relies, that they would necessarily result in “a plasma epinephrine 
concentration,” let alone one “that is efficacious for the treatment of 
anaphylaxis” as recited in claim 3. 
The Petition relies on the “high standard” of inherency, which 
requires that Petitioner show “the limitation at issue [is] necessarily . . . 
present, or the natural result of the combination of elements explicitly 
disclosed by the prior art.” Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d at 1194–95; Pet. 52. 
This is not a case where a plasma epinephrine concentration is expected 
from administration of the cited Potta formulations with DDM. Cf. 
Santarus, Inc. v. Par Pharm., Inc., 694 F.3d 1344, 1354 (Fed. Cir. 2012) 
(affirming obviousness where claim recited specific serum concentrations 
not disclosed in the prior art, but it was undisputed that those concentrations 
were expected in light of the claimed dosages). Rather, the record shows 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
68 
that some epinephrine intranasal dosages (e.g., Srisawat’s 5 mg dosage and 
Potta’s 6 mg dosage) resulted in epinephrine absorption, while others did not 
(e.g., Srisawat’s 0.3, 0.6, 1.25, and 2.5 mg dosages). See, e.g., Ex. 1006 
(Srisawat), 1, Fig. 1; Ex. 1004 (Potta), Example 8; PO Resp. 41 n.6. 
Nothing on this record persuades us that the lower-dose Potta formulations, 
even with the “boost” likely provided by DDM, would—not possibly or 
probably, but necessarily—result in “a plasma epinephrine concentration 
that is efficacious for the treatment of anaphylaxis,” as recited in claim 3. 
See Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d at 1194–95. 
For the above reasons, we determine on the full trial record that 
Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claim 3 would have been obvious over Potta, Maggio, and Munjal. Because 
claims 4–6 and 18 depend directly or indirectly from claim 3, and because 
Petitioner’s arguments for these claims do not rectify the deficiencies 
discussed above for claim 3, we similarly determine on the full trial record 
that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 4–6 and 18 would have been obvious over Potta, Maggio, and 
Munjal. 
3. 
Alleged Obviousness Over Srisawat, Maggio, and Munjal 
Petitioner contends that claims 1–20 would have been obvious over 
Srisawat, Maggio, and Munjal. Pet. 54. Because we have already found 
claims 1, 2, and 7–17 unpatentable on other grounds, we limit our analysis 
of this ground to dependent claims 3–6 and 18–20. SAS Inst. v. Iancu, 138 
S. Ct. 1348, 1359 (2018) (holding that a petitioner “is entitled to a final 
written decision addressing all of the claims it has challenged”); Boston Sci. 
Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 F. App’x 984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
69 
(nonprecedential) (stating that the “Board need not address issues that are 
not necessary to the resolution of the proceeding,” e.g., “alternative 
arguments with respect to claims [the Board] found unpatentable on other 
grounds”). 
As discussed above (see supra Section II.E.2.a), Petitioner contends 
that persons of ordinary skill in the art would have sought to optimize low 
dose intranasal epinephrine formulations. Applying this premise to its 
Srisawat-based arguments, Petitioner contends that skilled artisans, 
“understanding [the] side effects posed by higher [epinephrine] dosing and 
looking to optimize intranasal dosing (e.g., the 1.25 or 2.5 mg Srisawat 
formulations), would have looked to absorption enhancement agents to 
provide rapid onset and increase the systemic bioavailability with a lower 
dose.” Pet. 55 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 541–42, 545–61; 
Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 418–22). Petitioner contends that “Srisawat 
taught the addition of surfactant to increase uptake and absorption, and 
Maggio ’145 and Munjal directed POSAs to surfactants that are 
alkylglycosides, such as DDM.” Id. at 56 (citing Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) 
¶¶ 147–68, 532–33, 541–42, 545–61; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 157–76, 
391–92, 406–20). 
Similar to its obviousness argument for Potta, Maggio, and Munjal, 
Petitioner does not attempt to demonstrate that the additional limitation 
recited in claim 3, namely “a plasma epinephrine concentration that is 
efficacious for the treatment of anaphylaxis,” is expressly recited in the 
combination of Srisawat, Maggio, and Munjal. Instead, Petitioner asserts 
that “the additional limitation would have been an inherent result” of 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
70 
intranasally administering Srisawat’s 1.25 or 2.5 mg formulation with DDM. 
Pet. 57–58. 
Neither the Petition nor Petitioner’s cited declarant testimony 
(Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶¶ 576–81; Ex. 1003 (Weinstein Decl.) ¶¶ 433–38) 
provide a basis for concluding that “a plasma epinephrine concentration that 
is efficacious for the treatment of anaphylaxis” as recited in claim 3, would 
be the inherent result of the proposed method. Srisawat teaches that when 
the 1.25 and 2.5 mg formulations (without DDM) were administered 
intranasally, they failed to show systemic absorption of epinephrine as 
compared to saline. Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), Fig. 1. Thus, even if a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have expected DDM to enhance the onset and 
bioavailability of epinephrine (see, e.g., Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) ¶ 563), the 
pertinent question is whether adding DDM to Srisawat’s 1.25 and 2.5 mg 
formulations would necessarily result in the claimed plasma epinephrine 
concentration. We are unconvinced that Maggio and Munjal answer this 
question, because Petitioner has not demonstrated sufficiently that what 
applied to phenylephrine and sumatriptan would have also applied to the 
same extent to the claimed amounts of epinephrine. Indeed, the record 
reflects that “[e]ach drug is one particular case and, thus, the relationship 
between the drug characteristics, the strategies considered and the 
permeation rate is essential.” Ex. 1064 (Pires), 17. 
To be sure, Srisawat teaches that administration of a 5 mg intranasal 
epinephrine formulations (which lacked DDM) resulted in epinephrine 
absorption, and that using a surfactant might promote the nasal absorption of 
epinephrine. See Ex. 1006 (Srisawat), Fig. 1, 5; Pet. 55. We are persuaded 
that if DDM were added to Srisawat’s 5 mg formulation, it would be 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
71 
possible to lower the dose from 5 mg and still likely achieve epinephrine 
absorption in the formulation recipients. See, e.g., Ex. 1002 (Smyth Decl.) 
¶¶ 550, 557, 559; Ex. 1020 (Munjal), 5–6, 9. What is missing on this record, 
however, is the extent to which Srisawat’s 5 mg dose could be lowered due 
to the addition of DDM, and still necessarily result in the claimed plasma 
epinephrine concentration. Or more to the point—nothing on this record 
indicates that if DDM were added to Srisawat’s 1.25 and 2.5 mg 
formulations, that they would necessarily result in the subject matter of 
claim 3. See Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d at 1194–95 (explaining that 
inherency is a “high standard,” requiring that Petitioner show “the limitation 
at issue [is] necessarily . . . present, or the natural result of the combination 
of elements explicitly disclosed by the prior art”). 
As discussed above, this is not a case where a plasma epinephrine 
concentration is expected following administration of Srisawat’s 1.25 and 
2.5 mg formulations with DDM. Rather, the record shows that some 
epinephrine intranasal dosages (e.g., Srisawat’s 5 mg dosage and Potta’s 
6 mg dosage) resulted in epinephrine absorption, while others did not (e.g., 
Srisawat’s 0.3, 0.6, 1.25, and 2.5 mg dosages). See, e.g., Ex. 1006 
(Srisawat), 1, Fig. 1; Ex. 1004 (Potta), Example 8. Nothing on this record 
convinces us that Srisawat’s 1.25 and 2.5 mg formulations, even with the 
“boost” likely provided by DDM, would necessarily result in “a plasma 
epinephrine concentration that is efficacious for the treatment of 
anaphylaxis.” See Par Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d at 1194–95. 
For at least the above reasons, we determine on the full trial record 
that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claim 3 would have been obvious over Srisawat, Maggio, and Munjal. 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
72 
Because claims 4–6 and 18–20 depend directly or indirectly from claim 3, 
and because Petitioner’s arguments for these claims do not rectify the 
deficiencies discussed above for claim 3, we similarly determine on the full 
trial record that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 4–6 and 18–30 would have been obvious over Srisawat, 
Maggio, and Munjal. 
III. 
PETITIONER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
Petitioner moves to exclude Exhibits 2015, 2019–2025, and 2031, as 
well as portions of Dr. Kaliner’s Declaration (Ex. 2013) and Dr. Wyse’s 
Declaration (Ex. 2014) that rely on those exhibits. Paper 37 (“Mot.”), 1; 
Paper 40 (“Reply”). Patent Owner opposes. Paper 29 (“Opp.”). 
Petitioner argues that each of Exhibits 2015, 2019–2025, and 2031 are 
post-priority date evidence and Patent Owner improperly relies on them to 
indicate the state of the art today, not as of the priority date. Mot. 3–4, 5, 6. 
Petitioner further contends that Patent Owner relies on Exhibits 2019–2021 
to argue unexpected results, based on an impermissible comparison of pre- 
and post-priority date data. Id. at 4. As such, Petitioner contends the 
exhibits are irrelevant and prejudicial and should be excluded under Federal 
Rules of Evidence (“FRE”) 401–403. As noted, Petitioner also seeks to 
exclude portions of Dr. Kaliner’s Declaration (Ex. 2013) and Dr. Wyse’s 
Declaration (Ex. 2014) that rely on those exhibits. Mot. 6–7; see also 
Exs. 1086, 1087 (highlighting portions of the declarations sought to be 
excluded). 
Patent Owner contends that post-priority date evidence can be 
relevant in multiple contexts, including to demonstrate objective indicia of 
nonobviousness. Opp. 2. Patent Owner contends that its use of the exhibits 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
73 
is permissible, and thus there is no basis to exclude the exhibits or the 
identified portions of the Kaliner and Wyse declarations. Id. at 2–9. 
As the moving party, Petitioner bears the burden of establishing that it 
is entitled to the requested relief. 37 C.F.R. § 42.20(c). Having considered 
the arguments and evidence of record, we determine that Petitioner has not 
met its burden of proof. We agree with Patent Owner that “[n]o bright line 
rule prohibits the consideration of post-priority date evidence,” and that such 
evidence is permissible in certain contexts. Opp. 2–3. On this record we do 
not find that there is sufficient cause to exclude the challenged exhibits, 
because any consideration by the Board of these exhibits has taken into 
account their alleged post-priority date status. Thus, we do not find that 
maintaining the exhibits in this proceeding results in any unfair prejudice to 
Petitioner, or that the exhibits have confused the issues before us. 
Accordingly, we deny Petitioner’s motion to exclude. 
IV. 
CONCLUSION21 
Based on the information presented, we conclude that that 
Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 1, 2, 7–11, and 12–17 are unpatentable, but has not demonstrated 
that claims 3–6 and 18–20 are unpatentable. 
 
21 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
74 
In summary: 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1–18 
102 
Potta 
1, 2, 7–17 
3–6, 18 
1–20 
103 
Potta, Maggio, 
Munjal 
1, 2, 7–9, 
11–17 
3–6, 10, 18–20 
1–20 
103 
Srisawat, Maggio, 
Munjal22 
 
3–6, 18–20 
Overall 
Outcome 
1, 2, 7–17 
3–6, 18–20 
 
V. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims Petitioner has demonstrated by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 2, and 7–17 of U.S. Patent 
10,682,414 B2 are unpatentable, but has not demonstrated that claims 3–6 
and 18–20 of this patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is denied; 
and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a final written decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our Decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
22 We consider only claims 3–6 and 18–20 under this ground. We do not 
consider claims 1, 2, and 7–17 under this ground. See supra Section II.E.3. 

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2021-01324 
Patent 10,682,414 B2 
 
75 
For PETITIONER: 
Emily Greb 
Courtney Prochnow 
Nathan Kelley 
Brandon White 
PERKINS COIE 
Greb-ptab@perkinscoie.com 
Prochnow-ptab@perkinscoie.com 
Kelley-ptab@perkinscoie.com 
White-ptab@perkinscoie.com 
 
For PATENT OWNER: 
Kenneth Jenkins 
Leslie Overman 
Thomas Wintner 
MINTZ, LEVIN, COHN, FERRIS, GLOVSKY AND POPEO, P.C. 
kjenkins@mintz.com 
lboverman@mintz.com 
twintner@mintz.com