--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 60 
571-272-7822 
Date: September 18, 2025 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
MERCK SHARP & DOHME LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
 
Before DEBORAH KATZ, SUSAN L.C. MITCHELL, and 
DEVON ZASTROW NEWMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
KATZ, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
Petitioner, Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, filed a Petition to institute an 
inter partes review of all claims, namely claims 1–8 of U.S. Patent 
No. 11,339,219 B2 (“the ’219 patent”) pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 311(a). 
(Paper 1 (“Pet.”).) Patent Owner, The Johns Hopkins University, filed a 
Preliminary Response pursuant to 37 C.F.R. § 42.107(b). (Paper 5 (“Prelim. 
Resp.”).) In addition, as authorized (see Ex. 3001), Petitioner filed 
Petitioner’s Reply to Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response (Paper 8) and 
Patent Owner filed Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply (Paper 10). We granted the 
Petition and instituted an inter partes review. (Paper 11 (“Decision” or 
“Dec.”).) 
During trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response to the 
Petition (Paper 35 (confidential Paper 32) (“PO Resp.”)), Petitioner filed a 
Reply (Paper 53 (confidential Paper 50) (“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent Owner 
filed a Sur-reply (Paper 57 (confidential Paper 54) (“PO Sur-reply”). The 
parties declined to present oral arguments in this proceeding. (See 
Paper 58.) 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6, and this Final Written 
Decision, issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a), addresses issues and 
arguments raised during the trial.1 For the reasons discussed below, we 
 
1 To the extent this Final Written Decision includes portions of the record 
that are presently sealed, the parties may meet and confer concerning 
whether any portions of this Decision should be redacted before it is made 
available to the public. If any party maintains that redactions to the Final 
Written Decision should be made, that party may, within seven (7) days of 
entry of the Final Written Decision, submit a proposed redacted and 
publicly-available version of the Final Written Decision along with a motion 
to seal explaining why the redactions are necessary and outweigh any public 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
3 
determine that Petitioner has proven, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that claims 1–8 of the ’219 patent are unpatentable. 
A. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC and Merck & Co., 
Inc., as its real parties-in-interest. (See Pet. 55.) Patent Owner identifies 
The Johns Hopkins University as its real party-in-interest. (See Paper 3, 1.) 
B. Related Matters 
Both Petitioner and Patent Owner report that the litigation Merck 
Sharp & Dohme LLC v. The Johns Hopkins University, 1:22-cv-03059-JRR 
(D. Md.), is a related matter. (See Pet. 55; Paper 4, 1.) 
In addition, several other inter partes reviews are related to this 
proceeding, including IPR2024-00622, challenging the claims of U.S. Patent 
No. 10,934,356; IPR2024-00623, challenging claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,325,974 B2; IPR2024-00624, challenging the claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,325,975 B2; IPR2024-00647, challenging claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,649,287 B2; IPR2024-00648, challenging claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,643,462 B2; IPR2024-00649, challenging claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,629,187 B2; IPR2024-00650, challenging claims of U.S. Patent No. 
11,634,491 B2. 
IPR2024-00240 is also related. Claims 1–42 of U.S. Patent No. 
11,591,393 B2 were held to be unpatentable in that proceeding. (See Merck 
 
interest in the redacted information. Any opposition to such motion must be 
filed within ten (10) days after the motion is filed. If no motion is filed 
within the timeline set forth above or if the parties otherwise inform the 
Board (via email to trials@uspto.gov) that no redactions are necessary, the 
Final Written Decision will be made available to the public in unredacted 
form. 
 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
4 
Sharp & Dohme, LLC v. The Johns Hopkins Univ., IPR2024-00240, Paper 
90 (PTAB June 9, 2025), Final Written Decision.) Patent Owner’s request 
for Director Review of that decision was denied. (Id., Paper 93.) 
C. The ’291 Patent 
The application that became the ’291 patent was filed on 
December 22, 2020, claiming priority to a number of continuation 
applications and also to provisional application 62/190,977, which was filed 
July 10, 2015. (See Ex. 1001, codes (22), (60).) The ’291 patent cites 
another provisional application, filed November 13, 2014, but Patent Owner 
claims priority only to July 10, 2015. (See PO Resp. 5, n.3.) 
The ’291 patent is directed to anti-cancer therapies that block immune 
system checkpoints, including the PD-1 receptor, in several different types 
of cancer patients. (See Ex. 1001, Abstract.) More specifically, the ’291 
patent is directed to treating cancer patients with high mutational burdens, 
such as found in microsatellite instable (MSI) cancer, with anti-PD-1 
antibodies. (Id. at 3:35–49.) The Specification discloses that 
pembrolizumab is a monoclonal anti-PD-1 antibody, attributed to Merck, 
which was administered to patients in a clinical trial. (Id. at 8:50–54.) 
Claim 1 of the ’291 patent recites: 
A method for treating cancer in a patient in need thereof 
comprising: 
selecting a patient who has an unresectable or metastatic, 
microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair 
(MMR) deficient tumor, and 
administering an effective amount of pembrolizumab to 
the patient; 
wherein the patient exhibits an outcome that is improved 
as compared to a corresponding outcome that would be 
observed in a reference patient that has been administered 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
5 
pembrolizumab, wherein the reference patient has a tumor that 
does not exhibit a MSI-high or a MMR deficiency status. 
(Id. at 25:32–26:8.) 
The parties refer to the term “microsatellite instability high” as “MSI-
H” and the term “mismatch repair deficient” as “dMMR.” The parties agree 
that testing a tumor to determine whether it is either MSI-H or dMMR is 
considered the equivalent of testing for the other condition, and refer most 
often to MSI-H as the identified condition. (See Pet. 6; PO Resp. 5, n.2.) 
D. Evidence 
Petitioner relies, inter alia, on the following evidence in the grounds 
of challenge. 
Name 
Reference 
Exhibit 
MSR (MSI-
H Study 
Record) 
ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01876511, Study of MK-
3475 in Patients With Microsatellite Unstable 
(MSI) Tumors (Cohorts A, B and C), (June 10, 
2013) available at 
https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT01876511?tab
=history&a=1 
1005 
Pernot 
Pernot et al., Colorectal Cancer and Immunity: 
What We Know and Perspectives, 20(14) WORLD
J. GASTROENTEROLOGY 3738 (April 2014) 
1006 
Chapelle 
Chapelle et al., Clinical Relevance of 
Microsatellite Instability in Colorectal Cancer, 
28(20) J. CLINICAL ONCOLOGY 3380 (2010) 
1007 
Benson 
Benson et al., Colon Cancer, Version 3.2014: 
Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology, 12(7)
J. NAT’L COMPREHENSIVE CANCER NETWORK 
1028 (July 2014) 
1009 
Hamid 
Hamid et al., Safety and Tumor Responses with 
Lambrolizumab (Anti-PD-1) in Melanoma, 
369(2) NEW ENG. J. MEDICINE 134 (July 2013) 
1011 
Brown 
Brown et al., Neo-antigens predicted by tumor 
genome meta-analysis correlate with increased 
patient survival, 24 GENOME RESEARCH 743 
1034 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
6 
(May 2014) 
Duval 
Duval et al., The mutator pathway is a feature 
of immunodeficiency-related lymphomas, 
101(14) PROC. NAT’L ACAD. SCI. 5002 (April 
2004) 
1087 
 
E. Prior Art and Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–8 are unpatentable on the following 
grounds: 
 
Claim(s) Challenged 35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–4, 6–8 
102 
MSR 
2 
1–4, 6–8 
103 
MSR, Pernot, Benson 
3 
5 
103 
MSR or MSR, Pernot, 
Benson, and 
Chapelle 
4 
1–4, 6–8 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
and Benson 
5 
5 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, and Chapelle 
6 
8 
103 
MSR or MSR, Pernot, 
Benson, Chapelle, and 
Hamid 
7 
8 
103 
MSR, Brown, Duval, 
Benson, Chapelle, and 
Hamid 
 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 
(2011) (“AIA”), included revisions to 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 that became 
effective on March 16, 2013, before the filing of the applications to which 
the ’291 patent claims priority. Therefore, we apply the AIA versions of 
Sections 102 and 103. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
7 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Legal Standards 
“A person shall be entitled to a patent unless— (1) the claimed 
invention was patented, described in a printed publication, or in public use, 
on sale, or otherwise available to the public before the effective filing date of 
the . . . .” 35 U.S.C. § 102(a). To be anticipated, each and every element of 
the claim must be found, either expressly or inherently described, in a single 
prior art reference. See Atofina v. Great Lakes Chem. Corp., 441 F.3d 991, 
999 (Fed. Cir. 2006). When claim elements are inherently taught, the result 
must be a necessary consequence of what was deliberately intended, but the 
prior art need not demonstrate that the authors appreciated the results. See 
Mehl/Biophile Int’l Corp. v. Milgraum, 192 F.3d 1362, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 
1999); see Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharm., Inc., 339 F.3d 1373, 1377 
(Fed. Cir. 2003) (“At the outset, this court rejects the contention that 
inherent anticipation requires recognition in the prior art.”). 
Under 35 U.S.C. § 103, a patent for a claimed invention may not be 
obtained, 
if the differences between the claimed invention and the prior 
art are such that the claimed invention as a whole would have 
been obvious before the effective filing date of the claimed 
invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which 
the claimed invention pertains. 
 
Obviousness is determined by looking to the scope and content of the prior 
art, differences between the prior art and the claims at issue, and the level of 
ordinary skill in the pertinent art resolved. See Graham v. John Deere Co. of 
Kansas City, 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). “[T]he analysis need not seek out 
precise teachings directed to the specific subject matter of the challenged 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
8 
claim, for a court can take account of the inferences and creative steps that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would employ.” KSR Int'l Co. v. 
Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 418 (2007). 
B. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art and Declarants 
The parties rely on the testimony of witnesses for their opinions on 
what one of ordinary skill in the art would have known and understood at the 
relevant time. Specifically, Petitioner relies on the testimony of Alfred L. 
Neugut, M.D., Ph.D., M.P.H. (Ex. 1003), among other witnesses. Patent 
Owner relies on the testimony of Nils Lonberg, Ph.D. (Ex. 2072), among 
other witnesses. 
Petitioner and Patent Owner characterize one of ordinary skill in the 
art differently. To Petitioner, the ordinarily skilled artisan would have been 
a medical doctor, or a professional in a related field, with experience treating 
cancer or access to those with experience in clinical studies of therapeutics 
and to a pathologist with this experience. (See Pet. 12 (citing Ex. 1003 
¶ 19).) To Patent Owner, the ordinarily skilled artisan would have had a 
medical or graduate-level degree, or equivalent work experience, in the 
fields of immunology, genetics, or a related field and would have experience 
(i) conducting immunology research relating to oncology, (ii) conducting 
genetics research relating to oncology, or (iii) developing and conducting 
clinical trials on novel cancer therapies in those fields. (See PO Resp. 5–6 
(citing Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 31–32, 86–94).) Petitioner emphasizes medical and 
treatment aspects in its characterization of an ordinarily skilled artisan, 
whereas Patent Owner emphasizes research aspects. 
The ’219 patent claims a method of treating a human patient with 
colorectal cancer having certain characteristics using pembrolizumab and the 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
9 
main prior art reference cited by Petitioner discloses testing pembrolizumab 
to treat human patients. (See Ex. 1001, 25:35–36, Ex. 1005.) Accordingly, 
the relevant field of Patent Owner’s claims is treating human patients for 
colorectal cancer, as well as testing existing compounds for use in treatment 
modalities. 
In light of the extent of the relevant field, we determine that the level 
of skill in the art relevant to the claims of the ’291 patent is not limited to 
knowledge of and experience with conducting research relating to oncology 
or developing and conducting clinical trials, but includes knowledge of and 
experience with treating cancer patients with immunotherapy compounds, 
identifying the conditions these patients may have, and understanding the 
literature regarding clinical trials for such colorectal cancers and the 
associated conditions and immunotherapy. 
C. Claim Construction 
The parties do not assert constructions of any terms recited in the 
challenged claims other than that their ordinary and customary meanings 
should apply. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020) (requiring claims to be 
construed “in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of such 
claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the prosecution 
history pertaining to the patent.”). 
D. Ground 1: Anticipation over the MSR 
Petitioner argues that claims 1–4 and 6–8 are anticipated under 
35 U.S.C. § 102 by the MSI-H Study Record. (See Pet. 15–26.) 
1. MSI-H Study Record (“MSR”) 
The MSR reports a “Phase 2 Study of MK-3475 in Patients With 
Microsatellite Unstable (MSI) Tumors.” (Ex. 1005, 1.) The parties’ 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
10 
witnesses agree that MK-3475 is pembrolizumab, the compound recited in 
claim 1. (See Neugut Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶ 38; see Lonberg Decl., Ex. 2072, 
¶ 68.) Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s assertion that the MSR 
was published on a government web site on June 10, 2013, more than two 
years before the priority date of the ’219 patent on July 10, 2015. (See Pet. 7 
(citing Ex. 1005, 3, Ex. 1003 ¶ 36).) 
The MSR includes a “Brief Summary,” explaining that 
[t]his study will be looking at whether MK-3475 (an antibody 
that blocks negative signals to T cells) is effective (anti-tumor 
activity) and safe in three different patient populations. These 
include: 1. patients with MSI positive colon cancer, 2. patients 
with MSI negative colon cancer, and 3. patients with other MSI 
positive cancers. 
 
(Ex. 1005, 3.) Two of the outcome measures reported in the MSR are 
“[i]mmune-related progression free survival (irPFS) rate in patients with 
MSI positive non-colorectal adenocarcinoma using immune related response 
criteria (irRC) at 20 weeks” and a determination of “[d]oes MSI as a marker 
predict treatment response[?]” (Ex. 1005, 4–5.) The MSR provides “Arms 
and Interventions” as follows3: 
 
3 Petitioner relies on the testimony of Dr. Neugut and several prior art 
references to assert that the terms “MSI positive,” “MSI-high,” “MSIH,” and 
“MSI+” were used to mean “MSI-H” by those in the art at the time. (See 
Pet. 6 (citing, e.g., (Ex. 1018, 293 (“MSIH (MSI high) was considered MSI 
positive and MSS (MS stable)”); Neugut Decl., Ex. 1003 ¶ 26).) Patent 
Owner does not contest the identifications. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
11 
 
(Ex. 1005, 4.) The chart above identifies three patient populations, including 
“MSI Positive Colorectal Cancer,” “MSI Negative Colorectal Cancer,” and 
“MSI Positive Non-Colorectal Cancer,” and the same therapeutic 
intervention for each of the populations: “MK-3475 10 mg/kg every 14 
days.” (Id.) 
2. Claim 1 
a) Preamble: “[a] method for treating cancer in a patient in need thereof 
comprising” 
Petitioner cites the teaching in the Arms and Interventions section as a 
method of treating cancer patients, as recited in the preamble of claim 1. 
(See Pet. 18–19 (citing Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions); see also id. at 
2 (Study Identification), 3 (Study Description), 4–5 (Outcome Measures), 5–
6 (Eligibility), Ex. 1003 ¶ 58).) 
Patent Owner does not raise any arguments regarding this limitation, 
and neither party argues that the preamble is limiting. To the extent that the 
preamble is limiting, we agree with Petitioner that the MSR teaches the 
preamble. 
b) Element 1.1: “selecting a patient who has an unresectable or 
metastatic,” 
Petitioner argues that the limitation in claim 1 of “selecting a patient 
who has an unresectable or metastatic” tumor, is taught in the MSR because 
the MSR teaches that the patients treated have “tumors” and “measurable 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
12 
disease.” (See Pet. 19 (citing Ex. 1005, 5 (Eligibility).) Petitioner relies on 
Dr. Neugut’s testimony that these patients would have metastatic and 
advanced cancers. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 59–63.) Dr. Neugut testifies that, in the 
context of the MSR, advanced cancer refers to metastatic cancer or cancer 
that is so locally advanced it is unresectable for purposes of a cure. (See 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 59 (citing Ex. 1078, 1278 (“Advanced colorectal cancer can be 
defined as colorectal cancer that at presentation or recurrence is either 
metastatic or so locally advanced that surgical resection is unlikely to be 
carried out with curative intent.”).) Dr. Neugut testifies further that clinical 
trials that involve “measurable” colorectal cancer in the context of the MSR 
would not include cancer that is resectable for the purposes of a cure because 
the patient could be cured by surgery and a practitioner would excise the 
tumor as the only way to achieve a cure. (See Neugut Decl. ¶ 60 (citing 
Ex. 1020, 7 (providing chemotherapy for advanced or metastatic disease 
only when the cancer is “locally unresectable or medially inoperable”).) 
According to Dr. Neugut, it would be highly unusual if the MSR did not 
indicate inclusion of patients with metastatic and advanced cancer because 
the study was not directed to local treatments, such as radiation or surgery. 
(See Ex. 1003 ¶ 61.) Dr. Neugut concludes that “the person of ordinary skill 
would have concluded that a method [of] treating patients who had 
metastatic and advanced cancer is found in the MSI-H Study.” (Ex. 1003 
¶ 63.) 
Dr. Neugut further cites references that indicate those of ordinary skill 
in the art considered the MSR to include patients with metastatic colorectal 
cancer. (See id. ¶ 62 (citing Ex. 1049, 444).) Specifically, one 2015 
publication refers to the clinical trial number of the MSR and states: 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
13 
“pembrolizumab is being tested in metastatic tumors with microsatellite 
instability, including colorectal cancer (NCT01876511).” (Ex. 1049, 444.) 
Another 2015 publication, entitled “Novel Therapies in Development for 
Metastatic Colorectal Cancer,” refers to the MSR (“NCT01876511”) as a 
“Phase II clinical trials in development investigating immunotherapy in 
MSI-H mCRC,” wherein “mCRC” is defined as metastatic colorectal cancer. 
(Ex. 1050, S2, S4.) 
Patent Owner argues that “measurable disease” is very different from 
the “metastatic cancer” required in claim 1. (See PO Resp. 6.) Patent 
Owner argues that “measurable disease” in the context of cancer means only 
that the cancer has a minimum size, not that it is metastatic, which Patent 
Owner argues was conceded by Petitioner’s witness, Dr. Neugut. (See PO 
Resp. 7 (citing Ex. 1048, 230–31, Ex. 2163, 14:9–15:12; Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 96–
100).) 
Patent Owner argues further that the missing disclosure of 
“unresectable or metastatic” cancer in the MSR cannot be cured by attorney 
argument, because the law “does not permit the Board to fill in missing 
limitations simply because a skilled artisan would immediately envision 
them.” (See PO Resp. 7 (citing Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad 
Ocean Motor Co., 851 F.3d 1270, 1274–75 (Fed. Cir. 2017).) Patent Owner 
cites Benson as explaining that “when appropriate, patients should 
preferentially be included in a clinical trial over standard or accepted 
therapy,” that “NCCN [provider of the guidelines] believes that the best 
management for any cancer patient is in a clinical trial,” and that 
“[p]articipation in clinical trials is especially encouraged.” (Ex. 1009, 1, 2; 
see PO Resp. 8.) According to Patent Owner, this means that a patient could 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
14 
have been enrolled in the MSR, even with tumor that was not unresectable 
or metastatic and, thus, this limitation is not inherent to the MSR. (See PO 
Resp. 8–9.) 
“In an anticipation analysis, the dispositive question is whether a 
skilled artisan would ‘reasonably understand or infer’ from a prior art 
reference that every claim limitation is disclosed in that single reference.” 
Acoustic Tech., Inc. v. Itron Networked Sols., Inc., 949 F.3d 1366, 1373 
(Fed. Cir. 2020). Extrinsic evidence, such as declarations and depositions 
may be considered when it is used to explain, but not expand, the meaning 
of a reference. See In re Baxter Travenol Labs., 952 F.2d 388, 390 (Fed. 
Cir. 1991) (holding that the depositions and declarations of skilled workers 
were properly used to show what those skilled in the art would have known 
about the prior art). Although Patent Owner argues that a missing element 
cannot be filled by what an ordinarily skilled artisan would have envisioned, 
Petitioner’s argument is based on what one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have understood from what the MSR expressly teaches. (See Pet. 20 
(“Indeed, prior art concerning the MSI-H Study indicates that the physicians 
understood postings on clinicaltrials.gov indicated that patients had 
‘metastatic tumors.’ (EX1049, 444; see also EX1050, S4; EX1003, ¶62.)”).) 
Unlike the facts of Nidec, where a missing signal could have been 
envisioned but was not present, we are persuaded by the evidence Petitioner 
presents that those of ordinary skill in the art understood the MSR express 
disclosure to include patients with unresectable or metastatic tumors because 
references referring to the study underlying the MSR discuss the inclusion of 
patients with metastatic tumors in the study. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
15 
Even if Dr. Neugut’s reasoning that the reference to “measurable” 
disease in the MSR would have indicated patients having metastatic cancer 
is flawed, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence of publications 
referring to the MSR as a study of metastatic colorectal cancer, and we are 
further persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
the MSR to disclose treating patients having metastatic colorectal cancer 
with pembrolizumab. (See Ex. 1049, 444, Ex. 1050, S4.) Patent Owner 
does not address this evidence. Instead, Patent Owner acknowledges that 
“the MSR discloses treating cancer patients that could be within the claimed 
subset,” but argues that the MSR does not inherently anticipate results later 
obtained by treating only patients within the claimed subset. (See Pet. Sur-
Reply 5–6.) We are persuaded, though, that Petitioner’s challenge is based 
on what one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood from the 
MSR (that patients who had an unresectable or metastatic tumor were 
selected), not on what is inherent to the disclosure of the MSR. 
We are persuaded that one of ordinary skill in the art at the time 
would have understood the MSR to teach selecting a patient “who has an 
unresectable or metastatic,” as required in claim 1. 
c) Element 1.2: “microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch 
repair (MMR) deficient tumor, and” 
Petitioner argues that the MSR teaches selecting patients with a 
“microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair (MMR) 
deficient tumor” because the MSR discloses three study arms, including one 
arm with patients having MSI-H colorectal cancer and another arm with 
patients having MSI-H non-colorectal cancer. (See Pet. 21–23 (citing 
Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions)).) Dr. Neugut’s testimony supports 
this argument. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 64–68.) Dr. Neugut testifies that the 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
16 
patients determined to have defective MMR (dMMR) status are biologically 
the same as patients with MSI-H status. (See Ex. 1003 ¶ 66 (citing 
Ex. 1020, 51 (“Patients determined to have defective MMR (dMMR) status 
are biologically the same population as those with MSI-H status.”)).) 
Patent Owner does not dispute that the MSR teaches selecting a 
patient who has a tumor characterized as MSI-H or MMR deficient. 
The arguments and evidence that Petitioner cites persuade us that the 
MSR teaches this element of claim 1. 
d) Element 1.3: “administering an effective amount of pembrolizumab to 
the patient” 
Petitioner argues that the MSR teaches treating patient populations 
having both MSI-H colorectal cancer and MSI-H non-colorectal cancer with 
10 mg/kg of pembrolizumab every 14 days, which is a teaching of 
administering an effective amount of the drug to a patient. (See Pet. 23 
(citing Ex. 1005, 4).) Dr. Neugut’s testimony supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the dose taught in the MSR is identical to the dose described as being 
effective in the ’219 patent. (See Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 69–73); see 
Ex. 1001, 4:19–32, 8:48–54, 13:22–28, 16:1–8, 16:60–17:3, 19:55–21:20, 
Figures 2, 11.) Petitioner argues further that any efficacy required in the 
claim is inherent to that dosage because the ’219 patent shows that dosage to 
be effective. (Pet. 23 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 70).) 
Patent Owner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would not 
have known whether the amount of pembrolizumab taught in the MSR 
would be effective in MSI-H/dMMR patients because the MSR does not 
provide results. (See PO Resp. 9–16.) According to Patent Owner, the MSR 
fails to inherently teach the effective amount of pembrolizumab because it is 
merely a study proposal. (See id. at 9–10.) Patent Owner does not dispute 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
17 
that the MSR discloses an amount of pembrolizumab that is effective at 
achieving the therapeutic results (an improved outcome in a selected patient 
compared to a reference patient), as required in the ’219 patent. 
As discussed in detail below, we are not persuaded that the lack of 
results in the MSR prevents the MSR from inherently anticipating claim 1. 
Instead, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s argument that because the MSR 
teaches an amount of pembrolizumab that was shown to be effective, the 
limitation of “administering an effective amount of pembrolizumab to the 
patient” is disclosed by the MSR. 
e) Element 1.4: “wherein the patient exhibits an outcome that is improved 
as compared to a corresponding outcome that would be observed in a 
reference patient that has been administered pembrolizumab, wherein 
the reference patient has a tumor that does not exhibit a MSI-high or a 
MMR deficiency status.” 
Petitioner argues that the final limitation of claim 1 is an inherent 
result of the method of treatment reported in the MSI-H Study Record. (See 
Pet. 25–26 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 40–41, 69–76).) Petitioner argues that the 
MSR teaches actively measuring specific outcomes in patients having an 
MSI-H tumor and a non-MSI-H or non-dMMR tumor. (See Pet. 26 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶ 75).) In support, Dr. Neugut testifies that the examples, tables, 
and figures of the ’219 patent discuss the design and results of the MSI-H 
Study, as explained in an affidavit submitted by the inventors during 
prosecution on February 4, 2022. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 40–41, 74– 76, (citing 
Ex. 1001, 3:16–18, 6:48–22:15, Figures 1–13; Ex. 1005; Ex. 1002, 295–96 
(February 4, 2022, Affidavit ¶¶ 22–23)).) 
Specifically, Dr. Pardoll, a named inventor on the ’219 patent, cited to 
“Exhibit D,” the MSR, in his prosecution affidavit. (See Ex. 1002, 361; 
compare Ex. 1005.) Dr. Pardoll testified: 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
18 
22. Our research group eventually approached Merck. Merck 
agreed in early 2013 to supply its then-unapproved anti-PD-1 
antibody, MK-3475 (pembrolizumab) for use in the study. 
It was, however, the research team at Hopkins who secured IRB 
approval, conducted, and paid for the study. On June 12, 2013, 
the solicitation for patients was first posted on clinicaltrials.gov 
(Exhibit D). In my mind, the four arms allowed us to try to get 
at an answer to a question to which we did not know the 
answer-specifically whether or not patients with MSI-high or 
MMR deficient tumors would exhibit an improved response 
when treated with MK-3475, compared with the more common 
MSS [microsatellite stable] or MMR proficient colon cancers. 
Thus, the trial covered all patients with colon cancer, MSI and 
MSS, but separated into two groups. 
 
23. The preliminary results of this study demonstrated clinical 
responses at an unexpectedly high rate (>50% objective 
response rate) in the MSI-high (MMR deficient) arm but not in 
the MSS (MMR proficient) arm. 
 
(Ex. 1002, 295–96.) The affidavit supports Petitioner’s argument that the 
improved outcome of treating a patient with a tumor exhibiting an MSI-high 
or an MMR deficiency status with pembrolizumab, compared to similarly 
treating a patient without an MSI-high or an MMR deficiency status is an 
inherent result because the treatment would necessarily provide the result. 
Petitioner argues that “[a]nticipation does not require the actual 
creation or reduction to practice of the prior art subject matter; anticipation 
requires only an enabling disclosure. Thus, actual administration of 
[pembrolizumab] to patients before the critical date of the [’219 patent] is 
irrelevant.” (Pet. 26 (citing Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharms., 339 F.3d 
1373, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2003).) 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not disclose outcomes of the 
study and, therefore, does not teach that a patient administered 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
19 
pembrolizumab and having a tumor with MSI-H or dMMR status would 
exhibit an improved outcome compared to a reference patient administered 
pembrolizumab and not having a tumor with MSI-H or dMMR, as required 
in claim 1. (See PO Resp. 9–16.) Patent Owner argues that In re 
Montgomery, 677 F.3d 1375, 1381, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2012), cited by 
Petitioner, fails to support the assertion of inherent anticipation of the 
claimed method. (See PO Resp. 10–11; Pet. 17 (“In In re Montgomery, the 
Federal Circuit held that a document disclosing a planned clinical study 
inherently anticipated method of treatment claims even where the method of 
treatment had not yet been practiced.”).) Patent Owner attempts to 
distinguish the facts of Montgomery from the facts at issue here by arguing 
that in Montgomery the disclosure of the prior art was identical to the patent 
itself, whereas here the MSR does not disclose treating a cancer patient with 
pembrolizumab when the patient has “unresectable or metastatic” MSI-H 
cancer. (See PO Resp. 11; PO Sur-Reply 2.) As discussed above, though, 
we are persuaded by the statements in contemporaneous references citing the 
MSR that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood the study to 
involve patients with “unresectable or metastatic” MSI-H cancer. (See 
Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050 S4.) Accordingly, we are not persuaded that the 
facts here differ from those in Montgomery as much as Patent Owner argues, 
wherein both prior art references teach the steps recited in the challenged 
claims. See Montgomery, 677 F.3d at 1380 (“We see no error in the Board’s 
uncontested conclusion that HOPE discloses the administration of ramipril 
to patients diagnosed as in need of stroke treatment or prevention.”). 
Patent Owner argues further that because the MSR is only an initial 
submission for an experimental trial that had not yet begun recruiting 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
20 
patients or obtaining experimental data, it was merely an “invitation to 
investigate” from which the results recited in claim 1 would not “inevitably 
flow.” (PO Resp. 11; see PO Sur-Reply 2–3.) Patent Owner argues that the 
inventors knew that other checkpoint inhibitor drugs used to treat colorectal 
cancer patients were “resoundingly unsuccessful,” and that treatment of 
other types of cancer “beyond the initial success in melanoma and non-small 
cell lung cancer had failed.” (PO Resp. 12 (citing Ex. 2090 ¶ 57).) 
According to Patent Owner, “the MSR was a far cry from meeting 
Montgomery’s inevitability requirement for inherent anticipation” and that, 
in contrast to Montgomery, the MSR only describes a study to test the 
hypothesis that MSI-H might correlate with a response to treatment with 
pembrolizumab, rather than to secure regulatory approval. (PO Resp. 12–
14; see Ex. 2072 ¶ 108; Ex. 2130 ¶¶ 10–13.) 
We do not doubt that the inventors were unaware of the results of the 
study described in the MSR before it was concluded. But knowledge of the 
results is not a component of the analysis of anticipation. See Bristol-Myers 
Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs, Inc., 246 F.3d 1368, 1376 (Fed. Cir. 2001) 
(“the claimed process here is not directed to a new use; it is the same use, 
and it consists of the same steps as described by Kris. Newly discovered 
results of known processes directed to the same purpose are not patentable 
because such results are inherent.”). After analysis of the full record, we are 
persuaded that the results recited in claim 1 would follow from the steps 
taught in the MSR, for the reasons and based on the evidence Petitioner cites 
above. For these same reasons, we are unpersuaded by Patent Owner’s 
argument that it was unknown whether the amount of pembrolizumab 
recited in claim 1 would be effective in producing an improved outcome 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
21 
compared to a reference patient without a tumor that was not MSI-H or 
dMMR, and Patent Owner does not dispute that the amount of 
pembrolizumab disclosed in the MSR (10 mg/kg every 14 days; see Ex. 
1005, 4) is the same as the amount provided in the ’219 patent as being 
effective (10 mg/kg every 14 days; see Ex. 1001, 8:48-54, 13:22–28). 
Regardless of the inventors’ intent in publishing the MSR as a Stage II 
clinical trial on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website, as discussed above, we 
determine that the MSR teaches selecting a patient with a metastatic MSI-H 
or dMMR tumor and administering an amount of pembrolizumab that would 
be effective. (See, e.g., Ex. 1005, 4 (Arms and Interventions).) The result of 
drug treatment inherently follows its administration. The MSR does not 
merely suggest that pembrolizumab may be useful in some unidentified 
subset of patients or suggest that some unidentified drug may be useful for 
MSI-H cancer patients. Instead, the MSR discloses selecting a patient with a 
condition recited in claim 1 and treating with the drug at the amount recited 
in claim 1. Contra Metabolite Labs. Inc. v. Lab. Corp. of Am. Holdings, 370 
F.3d 1354, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (holding that the prior art did not 
inherently anticipate where it failed to mention specific vitamin deficiencies, 
instead merely inviting further experimentation to find associations with 
metabolic perturbations).) 
Montgomery states that “even if the claim includes an efficacy 
requirement, efficacy is inherent in carrying out the claim steps,” referring to 
a claimed method of treating or preventing stroke, which was held to be 
anticipated by the publication of a proposed study. 677 F.3d at 1381. Patent 
Owner attempts to distinguish the size and apparent surety of the study in 
Montgomery from the MSR. (See PO Resp. 14.) But because we find that 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
22 
the MSR teaches performing the steps recited in claim 1 for the purpose of 
determining and treating MSI-H cancer, we are persuaded that the MSR 
inherently discloses the results of selection of patients and administration of 
the drug treatment recited in those steps. See Bristol-Myers, 246 F.3d at 
1376. Whether or not the MSR could have provided results or was sufficient 
for full regulatory approval does not change that the MSR teaches Patent 
Owner’s claimed steps. We have no reason to doubt that the disclosure in 
the MSR of the steps recited in claim 1 produces the efficacy element 
required in claim 1, whether or not this efficacy was disclosed in the MSR or 
was known when it was published. See Mehl/Biophile, 192 F.3d at 1366 
(“Where, as here, the result is a necessary consequence of what was 
deliberately intended, it is of no import that the article’s authors did not 
appreciate the results.”). 
Patent Owner argues that Merck’s interpretation of inherency law 
cannot be correct because it would effectively preclude the patenting of 
unexpectedly effective methods of treating human patients. (See PO Resp. 
15–16; PO Sur-Reply 4–5.) Patent Owner asserts that if its inventors had 
filed a “data-less provisional application mirroring the MSR” before the 
MSR was published, it would have been unable to satisfy the requirements 
of §101 and §112, creating a “catch-22 scenario” wherein Patent Owner 
would not have been able to secure patent protection. (PO Resp. 15–16.) 
Patent Owner cites Barry v. Medtronic, Inc., 914 F.3d 1310, 1322 (Fed. Cir. 
2019), Ariad Pharms., Inc. v. Eli Lilly & Co., 598 F.3d 1336, 1351 (Fed. Cir. 
2010), and In re Fisher, 421 F.3d 1365, 1371 (Fed. Cir. 2005), in support, 
asserting that these cases hold that a specification cannot provide merely 
prophetic examples, that it must demonstrate possession by the inventors, 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
23 
and that it must convey that the claimed invention benefits the public. (See 
PO Resp. 15.) 
Petitioner disagrees, arguing that “[i]t is well established . . . that there 
is no requirement to provide evidence from human clinical trials for claims 
to be patentable under §101 or §112.” (Pet. Reply 9 (citing In re ’318 Patent 
Infringement Litig., 583 F.3d 1317, 1324 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (“human trials are 
not required for a therapeutic invention to be patentable”); Ex parte 
Balzarini, 21 USPQ2d 1892 (BPAI 1991) (holding that even in situations 
where no art-recognized animal models exist, there is no decisional law that 
requires an applicant to provide data from human clinical trials.)).) 
Petitioner argues that “[a]nticipation does not require the actual creation or 
reduction to practice of the prior art subject matter; anticipation requires 
only an enabling disclosure.” (Pet. 26 (citing Schering Corp. v. Geneva 
Pharms., 339 F.3d 1373, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2003).) According to Petitioner, 
actual administration of pembrolizumab to patients before the critical date of 
the ’219 patent is irrelevant. (See Pet. 26.) 
Patent Owner does not direct us to evidence that it attempted to file 
any patent application before the publication date of the MSR and was 
denied an earlier filing date. Contrary to Patent Owner’s argument that it 
could not file a patent application without results from the MSR, we note 
that the inventors filed a provisional patent application on November 13, 
2014, which, although also filed more than a year after the publication of the 
MSR, disclosed no clinical results or data. (See Ex. 1001, cover; Ex. 1030, 
1).) 
After considering the parties’ arguments, we are not persuaded by 
Patent Owner’s assertion that the inventors could not have filed an earlier 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
24 
application to at least attempt to secure a priority date before the MSR was 
publicly available. We are not persuaded that the law prevented Patent 
Owner from obtaining an earlier filing date. Instead, we are persuaded by 
Petitioner’s argument that because the MSR was published before the 
inventors filed an application to protect their patent rights, the MSR is prior 
art for the information it discloses, including the steps recited in claim 1 and 
any results that would inherently result from these steps. 
Patent Owner argues further that the MSR discloses an experimental 
use that does not qualify as prior art. (See PO Resp. 16–23.) Patent Owner 
argues that an inventor can be granted latitude to experiment in the public 
eye until her invention is ready for patenting. (See id. at 16 (citing Pfaff v. 
Wells Elecs., Inc., 525 U.S. 55, 64 (1998).) According to Patent Owner, the 
experimental use negation applies to the MSR under a 13-factor analysis 
provided in Allen Eng'g Corp. v. Bartell Indus., Inc., 299 F.3d 1336, 1353 
(Fed. Cir. 2002). (See PO Resp. 17–23.) For example, Patent Owner argues 
that to establish that treatment of MSI-H cancers was effective, the inventors 
had to test treatment in humans, there being no animal models, and had to 
publish the MSR on the government website under federal law. (See PO 
Resp. 18–20.) Patent Owner argues further that the inventors had control 
over the MSI-H clinical study and that the field of cancer treatment was 
highly unpredictable, among other facts. (See id. at 19–20.) Patent Owner 
argues that “[a]t the time of the MSR’s posting, the claimed invention was 
not, nor could it have been, ready for patenting. The clinical study that 
ultimately collected the data reported in the patent specification and 
supporting the patent claims had not and could not have commenced before 
the MSR was posted.” (Id. at 21.) 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
25 
In City of Elizabeth, the Supreme Court was concerned that “[i]t is 
sometimes said that an inventor acquires an undue advantage over the public 
by delaying to take out a patent, inasmuch as he thereby preserves the 
monopoly to himself for a longer period than is allowed by the policy of the 
law,” but held that “when the delay is occasioned by a bona fide effort to 
bring his invention to perfection, or to ascertain whether it will answer the 
purpose intended,” the experiment use exception can preserve the inventor’s 
rights. City of Elizabeth v. Am. Nicholson Pavement Co., 97 U.S. 126, 137 
(1877). Because we are not persuaded that Patent Owner could not have 
filed an earlier application, we are not persuaded that the experimental use 
doctrine is properly applied in this case. Given that clinical trial protocols 
published on the ClinicalTrials.gov website have been successfully asserted 
as prior art in other cases, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s 
arguments that the MSR is not available as prior art against the challenged 
claims. See, e.g., Salix Pharms., Ltd. v. Norwich Pharms. Inc., 98 F.4th 
1056, 1061 (Fed. Cir.), cert. denied, 145 S. Ct. 567 (2024), and cert. denied, 
145 S. Ct. 983 (2024). 
After considering the parties’ arguments and evidence, we are 
persuaded that the MSR teaches the efficacy requirement of claim 1, 
wherein a patient with an unresectable or metastatic MSI-H tumor and 
administered an effective amount of pembrolizumab would have an 
improved outcome over a reference patient that had been also administered 
pembrolizumab, but whose tumor does not exhibit an MSI-H status. 
In summary, the preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s 
argument that the MSR teaches each and every element of claim 1. We are 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
26 
not persuaded otherwise by Patent Owner’s arguments. Accordingly, we 
determine that claim 1 is anticipated by the MSR. 
3. Claims 2–4 and 6–8 
Petitioner argues that claims 2–4 and 6–8 are anticipated by the MSR. 
(See Pet. 26–30.) Patent Owner presents the arguments discussed above 
regarding the limitations of claim 1, but does not present arguments or direct 
us to evidence against these challenges that are specific to the limitations of 
dependent claims 2–4 and 6–8. 
Both claims 2 and 3 further limit the outcome exhibited by the 
patients selected and administered pembrolizumab, as recited in claim 1. 
(See Ex. 1001, 26:9–16.) Specifically, claims 2 recites “[t]he method of 
claim 1, wherein the outcome that is improved is an improved objective 
response rate (ORR), an improved progression-free survival (PFS), or an 
improved overall survival,” and claim 3 recites “[t]he method of claim 2, 
wherein the ORR is an immune-related ORR (irORR), or wherein the PFS is 
an immune-related progression-free survival (irPFS).” (Id.) 
Petitioner argues that these outcomes are inherent to the methods 
taught in the MSR. (See Pet. 26–28 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 77–80).) We agree 
with Petitioner because, as discussed above, we are persuaded that the steps 
recited in claim 1 are taught by the MSR and the efficacy of those steps 
would be inherent to them. See Montgomery, 677 F.3d at 1385; Schering 
Corp., 339 F.3d at 1377. 
Claims 4 recites “[t]he method of claim 2, wherein the outcome is 
assessed in the patient within approximately 20 weeks after administering 
pembrolizumab.” (Ex. 1001, 16–18.) Petitioner cites the Primary Outcomes 
Measure section the MSR, which discloses one measure as being 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
27 
“[i]mmune-related progression free survival (irPFS) rate at 20 weeks in 
patients with MSI positive and negative colorectal adenocarcinoma using 
immune related response criteria (irRC)” and another measure as being 
“[o]bjective response rate (irORR) at 20 weeks in patients with MSI positive 
and negative colorectal adenocarcinoma using immune related response 
criteria (irRC).” (Ex. 1005, 4; see Pet. 28.) Petitioner argues that this 
disclosure reads on this limitation because it discloses measuring the 
relevant outcomes at 20 weeks. (See Pet. 28 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 81, 82).) 
We agree. 
Claim 6 recites “[t]he method of claim 1, wherein the cancer is a 
metastatic cancer.” and claim 7 recites “[t]he method of claim 1, wherein the 
cancer is a metastatic colorectal cancer.” (Ex. 1001, 29–32.) Petitioner cites 
to evidence, as discussed above, that physicians understood the MSR to 
indicate patients had metastatic colorectal tumors. (See Pet. 29 (citing 
Ex. 1049, 444; Ex. 1050, S4; Ex. 1003, ¶¶ 59–63, 83, 84).) As discussed 
above, we agree with Petitioner that the references to the study described in 
the MSR indicate one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood the 
MSR to include patients with metastatic tumors. Accordingly, we agree 
with Petitioner that the methods of claims 6 and 7 are anticipated by the 
MSR. 
Claim 8 recites “The method of claim 1, wherein pembrolizumab is 
administered by intravenous infusion.” (Ex. 1001, 26:33–34.) Petitioner 
argues that the prior art, including the pembrolizumab package insert, 
demonstrates that pembrolizumab was administered intravenously for the 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
28 
treatment of cancer. (See Pet. 30 (citing Ex. 1055,4 1 (“Administer 2 mg/kg 
as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every 3 weeks.”); Ex. 1011, 134 
(“We administered [pembrolizumab] intravenously.”), Ex. 1003, ¶ 85.) We 
are persuaded by Petitioner’s evidence that claim 8 is anticipated by the 
MSR. 
4. Summary 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that the MSR teaches each and every element of claims 1–4 and 6–8. 
Accordingly, we determine that claims 1–4 and 6–8 are anticipated by the 
MSR. 
E. Grounds 2 and 4: Obviousness of claims 1–4 and 6–8 
Petitioner argues that the same claims challenged under Ground 1 as 
being anticipated by the MSR would also have been obvious over the MSR, 
Pernot, and Benson (Ground 2) or over Brown, Duval, and Benson 
(Ground 4). (See Pet. 34–41 and 43–49.) Petitioner states that Grounds 2 
and 4 are presented as an alternative to the challenge in Ground 1 that 
claims 1–4 and 6–8 are anticipated by the MSR. (See Pet. 34, 43.) 
In regard to Ground 2, Petitioner cites Pernot as teaching that 
colorectal cancer patients are good candidates for immunotherapy, such as 
the PD-1 inhibitor pembrolizumab, to address the expectation of success in 
the method of claim 1. (See Pet. 31 (citing Ex. 1006, 3741).) Pernot states 
“[colorectal cancers] associated with MSI could lead to a more intense 
immune response, but also to specific immunoregulatory phenomena, 
 
4 Keytruda Package Insert, available at 
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2014/125514 
lbl.pdf. (September 4, 2014) (Ex. 1055.) 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
29 
making them good candidates for immunotherapy.” (Ex. 1006, 3740–41; 
see Pet. 31.) Petitioner argues, citing Dr. Neugut’s testimony, that Pernot 
would have motivated one of ordinary skill in the art to obtain the results of 
the MSI-H Study Record. (See Pet. 34–36 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 93).) 
Petitioner cites Benson as teaching that, under the standard of care, 
clinical studies would include patients having metastatic cancer whose 
cancers had progressed after prior drug therapies. (See Pet. 40 (citing 
Ex. 1009, 1034; Ex. 1003 ¶ 100).) 
In regard to Ground 4, challenging the patentability of claims 1–4 and 
6–8, Petitioner cites to Brown, Duval, and Benson, in addition to the MSI-H 
Study Record. (See Pet. 43–49.) Petitioner argues that Brown teaches that 
PD-1 inhibitors were inherently more effective when treating tumors 
comprised of cells that are easy for immune cells to recognize. (See Pet. 44 
(citing Ex. 1034, 747).) Petitioner argues further that Duval teaches that 
MSI-H cancers have cells that are easy for immune cells to recognize. (See 
Pet. 44 (citing Ex. 1087, 5002).) Dr. Neugut’s testimony supports 
Petitioner’s argument that Brown and Duval would have motivated a person 
of ordinary skill in the art to obtain the results of the MSR. (See Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 110, 112, 114; see Pet. 44.) 
Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not anticipate the challenged 
claims and that neither Pernot nor Benson supplies limitations that Patent 
Owner asserts are “missing” from the MSR. (See PO Resp. 23.) 
Specifically, Patent Owner argues that the MSR does not teach the limitation 
of “unresectable or metastatic” MSI-H cancer or the limitation of improved 
outcome in MSI-H patients, deficiencies that are not cured by the other cited 
prior art. (See id. (citing Ex. 2072, ¶¶ 122–170).) 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
30 
As discussed above, we are not persuaded that the MSR fails to teach 
the limitations Patent Owner cites, or any other limitations of claims 1–4 and 
6–8, because we are persuaded that the MSR anticipates claims 1–4 and 6–8. 
As discussed above, we determined that claims 1–4 and 6–8 are anticipated 
by the MSR. Therefore, they would have been rendered obvious by the 
MSR as well. See In re McDaniel, 293 F.3d 1379, 1385 (Fed. Cir. 2002) (“It 
is well settled that ‘anticipation is the epitome of obviousness.’ [citations 
omitted]”). 
Patent Owner also presents objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that it asserts demonstrates the patentability of the claimed methods. (See 
PO Resp. 49–87.) The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, 
skepticism, long-felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of 
the claimed methods. (See id.) Because we determine, as discussed above, 
that the method recited in independent claim 1 is anticipated by the MSR, 
Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive of 
the patentability of claim 1. See Cohesive Tech., Inc. v. Waters Corp., 543 
F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (“secondary considerations are not an 
element of a claim of anticipation.”). Similarly, Patent Owner’s objective 
evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive of the patentability of 
dependent claims 2–4 and 6–8, which we determine are anticipated by the 
MSR. 
Accordingly, the preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s 
challenges of claims 1–4 and 6–8 as being obvious over the MSR alone or 
along with other references cited in Grounds 2 and 4. 
F. Grounds 3 and 5: Obviousness of claim 5. 
Grounds 3 and 5 challenge the patentability of claim 5, which recites: 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
31 
The method of claim 1, wherein the unresectable or 
metastatic, microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch 
repair (MMR) deficient tumor exhibits instability in a 
microsatellite marker, wherein the microsatellite marker is 
BAT-25, BAT-26, MONO-27, NR-21 or NR-24, or 
wherein the unresectable or metastatic, microsatellite 
instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair (MMR) deficient 
tumor exhibits a deficiency of a mismatch repair marker is 
POLE, POLDI, or MYH. 
 
(Ex. 1001, 26:19–28.) In Grounds 3 and 5, Petitioner argues, relying on 
Dr. Neugut’s testimony, that Chapelle teaches standard methods of testing 
whether a tumor is MSI-H, including determining whether the patient’s 
tumor exhibits instability in a microsatellite marker, such as BAT-25 or 
BAT-26. (See Pet. 42 (citing Ex. 1007, 3380, 3383; Ex. 1003 ¶ 107).) For 
example, Chapelle states that “‘a standard test’ using a ‘[p]anel consisting of 
… BAT26, BAT25’ has ‘stood the test of time.’” (Ex. 1007 at 3382.) 
Dr. Neugut testifies that one of ordinary skill in the art would have been 
motivated to treat a patient with an unresectable or metastatic MSI-H dMMR 
tumor, wherein the tumor exhibits instability in the BAT-25 and BAT-26 
microsatellite marker, and would have expected success in doing so, in light 
of the teachings of Chapelle. (See Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 105–108.) 
We find that the record as recounted above supports Petitioner’s 
challenges of claim 5 in Grounds 3 and 5. 
Patent Owner does not raise specific arguments against the 
obviousness of claim 5 and does not direct us to specific evidence 
demonstrating that a method using the recited microsatellite markers would 
not have been obvious to one of ordinary skill in the art. Regarding claim 5, 
Patent Owner only argues that: 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
32 
The prior art in Grounds 3 and 5-7 does nothing to fill the 
Petition’s deficiencies regarding either the treating 
“unresectable or metastatic cancer,” the “outcome that is 
improved” limitation, or the requirement that a POSA “would 
have reasonably expected to achieve success in the treatment” 
claimed by the ’219 Patent. 
 
(PO Resp. 48.) As discussed above, we are persuaded that the MSR is not 
deficient as anticipatory prior art because it fails to teach selecting patients 
with “unresectable or metastatic cancer” or providing an “outcome that is 
improved.” Thus, we are not persuaded that any of the grounds of challenge 
fail if the additional references Petitioner cites do not teach the elements of 
“unresectable or metastatic cancer” or an “outcome that is improved.” 
Patent Owner raises arguments against Petitioner’s reliance on the 
prior art references in addition to the MSR, but because we are persuaded 
that the MSR anticipates, and therefore renders obvious the limitations of 
claim 1, we are not persuaded by these arguments. For example, Patent 
Owner argues that Pernot fails to teach or suggest treating MSI-H patients 
with pembrolizumab or any other PD-1 inhibitor and that Brown does not 
disclose a connection between the efficacy of PD-1 inhibitors and a patient’s 
MSI-H status. (See PO Resp. 25–26 (citing Ex. 2072 ¶¶ 118, 119, 140–142.) 
Patent Owner argues further that Duval supports the hypothesis that MSI-H 
tumors are non-immunogenic and that these patients are poor candidates for 
immunotherapy, rather than providing an expectation of success in achieving 
the outcome recited in the challenged claims. (See PO Resp. 27–28 (citing 
Ex. 2072 ¶ 120).) Because the MSR teaches selecting a patient as recited in 
claim 1 and administering pembrolizumab as recited in claim 1, even if 
Patent Owner is correct about the teachings of Pernot, Brown, and Duval, 
claim 5 is unpatentable as being obvious because the MSR teaches the 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
33 
elements of claim 1 and we are persuaded that Chapelle discloses methods 
for testing whether a tumor is MSI-H, including by determining whether the 
tumor exhibits instability in the microsatellite marker BAT-25 or BAT-26. 
Similarly, Patent Owner argues that Petitioner applies the wrong legal 
standard regarding a reasonable expectation of success in the methods of 
claim 1, but because, as discussed above, we are persuaded that the steps of 
claim 1 are expressly taught in the MSR, we are persuaded that Petitioner 
has established that one of ordinary skill in the art would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in achieving a method comprising these 
steps, with the results of such treatment being inherent. (See PO Resp. 29–
48.) Patent Owner does not argue that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
not have had a reasonable expectation of success in a method wherein an 
MSI-H tumor exhibits instability in the BAT-25 or BAT-26 marker, as 
recited in dependent claim 5. Because we are persuaded by the evidence 
Petitioner presents regarding claim 1, we are persuaded that Petitioner has 
met its burden of presenting a prima facie case for the obviousness of claim 
5. 
Patent Owner also presents objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that it asserts demonstrates the non-obviousness of the claimed methods. 
(See PO Resp. 49–87.) The evidence purportedly shows industry praise, 
skepticism, long-felt need, unexpected results, and commercial success of 
the claimed methods. (See id.) Because we determine, as discussed above, 
that the method recited in independent claim 1 is anticipated by the MSR, 
Patent Owner’s objective evidence of non-obviousness is not persuasive of 
the patentability of the subject matter recited in claim 1. See Cohesive 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
34 
Tech., Inc. v. Waters Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2008) 
(“secondary considerations are not an element of a claim of anticipation.”). 
In order to show that objective evidence renders the method of claim 5 
non-obvious, Patent Owner must show a nexus between the subject matter 
recited in claim 5 and the evidence of non-obviousness. See Henny Penny 
Corp. v. Frymaster LLC, 938 F.3d 1324, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“to be 
accorded substantial weight in the obviousness analysis, the evidence of 
secondary considerations must have a ‘nexus’ to the claims, i.e., there must 
be ‘a legally and factually sufficient connection’ between the evidence and 
the patented invention. . . . Ultimately, ‘[t]he patentee bears the burden of 
showing that a nexus exists.’” (quoting Demaco Corp. v. F. Von Langsdorff 
Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 1988), WMS Gaming, Inc. v. 
Int'l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1359 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
Patent Owner argues that there is a nexus between the development 
and commercialization of pembrolizumab and the patented method of 
treatment recited in the challenged claims, citing, inter alia, the package 
insert for Keytruda® (pembrolizumab), but Patent Owner does not direct us 
to evidence of a nexus to MSI-H or MMR deficient tumors that exhibit 
instability in the microsatellite markers recited in claim 5 and the unexpected 
results, commercial success, or other objective measures of non-obviousness 
flowing from these additional limitations. (See PO Resp. 50–63 (citing Ex. 
2129, Ex. 2072 ¶ 190, Ex. 2090 ¶¶ 82–92).) Patent Owner directs us only to 
evidence regarding determining MSI-H status and then using Keytruda® to 
treat MSI-H cancer patients, which we determine to be anticipated by the 
MSR. (See PO Resp. 60.) 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
35 
When evidence of a “secondary consideration [] is exclusively related 
to a single feature that is in the prior art,” our reviewing court has held the 
evidence is of no relevance to the obviousness inquiry. See Yita LLC v. 
MacNeil IP LLC, 69 F.4th 1356, 1363–65 (Fed. Cir. 2023), cert. denied, 144 
S. Ct. 499 (2023) (distinguishing WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 
1330–31 (Fed. Cir. 2016)); see also Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. v. Covidien 
LP, 812 F.3d 1023, 1034 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (“[I]f the feature that creates the 
commercial success was known in the prior art, the success is not 
pertinent.”). In Yita, the prior art taught close-conformance of a floor tray 
with the walls of a vehicle foot well, which one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have had reason to use in combination with other prior-art teachings 
to arrive at the claimed invention. See Yita, 69 F.4th at 1359–61. The court 
held that because the asserted evidence of secondary consideration related 
exclusively to close-conformity, the evidence was not persuasive of non-
obviousness, even though the claimed floor tray was coextensive with the 
product that produced the evidence. See id. at 1364–65 (“The 
coextensiveness inquiry bears only on the presumption of nexus; it does not 
decide the overall nexus question.”). 
Because Patent Owner directs us only to evidence that the method 
recited in claim 1 produced evidence of secondary considerations, we are not 
persuaded that this evidence is persuasive of the non-obviousness of the 
specific methods recited in any dependent claim. For example, Patent 
Owner fails to direct us to evidence that a method of treating cancer in a 
patient “wherein the unresectable or monitoring tumor burden in melanoma 
patients undergo metastatic, microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or 
mismatch repair (MMR) deficient tumor exhibits instability in a 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
36 
microsatellite marker, wherein the microsatellite marker is BAT-25, BAT-
26, MONO-27, NR-21 or NR-24,” as recited in claim 5, demonstrated 
unexpected results or commercial success. 
 Following a review of the evidence, including Patent Owner’s 
evidence of secondary considerations with regard to the subject matter of 
claim 1, we conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of 
the evidence that the method of claim 5 would have been obvious. Grounds 
6 and 7: Obviousness of claim 8. 
Grounds 6 and 7 challenge the patentability of claim 8, which recites: 
“The method of claim 1, wherein pembrolizumab is administered by 
intravenous infusion.” (Ex. 1001, 26:33–34.) 
As discussed above, we are persuaded that the MSR anticipates the 
method of claim 8 because Petitioner demonstrates that pembrolizumab was 
administered intravenously for the treatment of cancer, as evidenced by the 
package insert. (See Ex. 1055, 1 (“Administer 2 mg/kg as an intravenous 
infusion over 30 minutes every 3 weeks.”); Ex. 1003, ¶ 85.) Because 
“‘anticipation is the epitome of obviousness,’” the preponderance of the 
evidence supports Petitioner’s challenge of claim 8 as being obvious. In re 
McDaniel, 293 F.3d at 1385. 
In the alternative, we are persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments in 
Grounds 6 and 7 that Hamid teaches administering pembrolizumab (called 
“lambrolizumab”) intravenously. (Pet. 50 (citing Ex. 1011, 134; Ex. 1003 
¶ 130–134).) Petitioner relies on Dr. Neugut’s testimony to argue that one 
of ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to combine the 
teachings of the MSR and other references with Hamid because the MSR 
discloses administering pembrolizumab, Hamid demonstrates success in 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
37 
treating patients with advanced cancer with pembrolizumab, and the prior art 
only discloses intravenous administration of pembrolizumab to treat cancer 
patients. (See Pet. 50 (citing Ex. 1011, 134; see also Ex. 1055, 1, Ex. 1003 
¶¶ 132–133).) Petitioner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
have had a reasonable expectation of success in administering 
pembrolizumab intravenously, given that administering pembrolizumab 
intravenously had been successful in the past. (See id.) 
Patent Owner does not argue or direct us to evidence to the contrary. 
Patent Owner also fails to present objective evidence of non-obviousness 
that demonstrates a nexus to intravenous administration of pembrolizumab 
as recited in claim 8. (See PO Resp. 50–63.) Patent Owner directs us only 
to evidence regarding treating patients determined to have MSI-H colorectal 
cancer with pembrolizumab, which we determine to be anticipated by the 
MSR. As discussed above, we are not persuaded by this evidence that the 
method of claim 8 would not have been obvious because the evidence Patent 
Owner cites is related only to what was known in the prior art and is of no 
relevance to the obviousness inquiry of Grounds 6 and 7. See Yita, 69 F.4th 
at 1363–65; Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. v. Covidien LLp, 812 F.3d 1023, 
1034 (Fed. Circ. 2016). 
We find that the record supports Petitioner’s arguments in regard to 
the challenges of claim 8 in Grounds 6 and 7. 
 
 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
38 
III. CONCLUSION5 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–8 of the ’219 patent are 
unpatentable. 
In summary: 
 
5 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1 
102 
MSR 
1–4, 6–8 
 
 
2 
103 
MSR, Pernot, 
Benson 
1–4, 6–8 
 
 
3 
103 
MSR, or MSR, 
Pernot, Benson, 
and 
Chapelle 
5 
 
4 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, 
and Benson 
1–4, 6–8 
 
 
5 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
Duval, Benson, 
and Chapelle 
5 
 
6 
103 
MSR, or MSR, 
Pernot, Benson, 
Chapelle, and 
Hamid 
8 
 
7 
103 
MSR, Brown, 
8 
 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
39 
 
IV. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is 
ORDERED that claims 1–8 of the ’219 patent have been shown to be 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Naveen Modi 
Bruce Wexler 
Preston Ratliff 
Daniel Zeilberger 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
brucewexler@paulhastings.com 
prestonratliff@paulhastings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Nicholas Stephens 
Grace Kim 
Todd G. Miller 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
Duval, Benson, 
Chapelle, and 
Hamid 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–8 
 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-00625 
Patent 11,339,219 B2 
 
40 
Anita L. Meiklejohn 
Matthew L. Chun 
Frank E. Scherkenbach 
Corrin N. Drakulich 
Christina D. Brown-Marshall 
Casey M. Kraning 
Madelyn S. McCormick 
Sarah E. Jack 
FISH & RICHARDSON P.C. 
nstephens@fr.com 
gkim@fr.com 
mchun@fr.com 
miller@fr.com 
IPR52261-0005IP1@fr.com