--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 72 
Tel: 571-272-7822 
Entered: August 29, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
 
CELLTRION, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
CHUGAI SEIYAKU KABUSHIKI KAISHA, GENENTECH, INC., and 
HOFFMANN-LA ROCHE INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B2 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, GEORGIANNA W. BRADEN, and, TINA E. 
HULSE, Administrative Patent Judges. 
NEW, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
Dismissing Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
We have jurisdiction to hear this inter partes review under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 6. This Final Written Decision is issued pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons set forth below, we determine that 
Petitioner Celltrion, Inc. (“Petitioner”) has established, by a preponderance 
of the evidence of record, that challenged claims 1–8 of Patent Owners 
Chugai Seiyaku Kabushiki Kaisha, Genentech, Inc., and Hoffmann-La 
Roche Inc. (collectively “Patent Owner”) U.S. Patent No. 10,874,677 B2 
(Ex. 1001, the “’677 patent”) are unpatentable. Furthermore, because we 
find that Petitioner has established that claims 1–8 are unpatentable, we 
dismiss Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence (Paper 59) as moot. 
 
A. 
Procedural History 
 
On February 21, 2022, Petitioner filed its Petition (Paper 2, “Pet.”) 
seeking inter partes review of claims 1–8 of the ’677 patent. Patent Owner 
waived filing a Preliminary Response (see Paper 8). On August 31, 2022, 
and pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 314, we instituted inter partes review of 
challenged claims 1–8 of the ’677 patent (Paper 9). 
After institution of trial, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 22, 
“PO Resp.”), to which Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 41, “Pet. Reply”), and 
Patent Owner, in turn, filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 57, “PO Sur-Reply”). 
Petitioner also fined a Motion to Exclude Patent Owner’s Exhibits 2005, 
2006, 2009, 2034, 2065, 2080, 2081, and 2083 (Paper 59, “Mot. Exclude”), 
having timely objected to those exhibits. Patent Owner filed an Opposition 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
3 
 
 
to Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude (Paper 61, “Opp. Mot.”) and Petitioner 
filed a Reply to the Opposition (Paper 66, “Reply Opp.”). 
Oral argument was held on May 31, 2023. A transcript of the oral 
argument is included in the record. (Paper 71, “Hearing Trans.”).1 
 
B. 
Related Proceedings 
Petitioner identifies as a related matter Celltrion, Inc. et al. v. Chugai 
Seiyaku Kabushiki Kaisha et al., IPR2022-00578 challenging related patent 
US 8,580,264 B2 (the “’264 patent”). Pet. 24–25. Petitioner further 
identifies Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC, et al. v. Chugai Seiyaku Kabushiki 
Kaisha et al., IPR2021-01336, also challenging the ’677 patent (terminated 
October 17, 2022), and Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC, et al. v. Chugai Seiyaku 
Kabushiki Kaisha et al., IPR2021-01288 (terminated October 17, 2022) and 
Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC, et al. v. Chugai Seiyaku Kabushiki Kaisha et al., 
IPR2021-01542 (terminated October 17, 2022), both challenging the ’264 
patent as related matters. Pet. 25. 
Patent Owner also identifies IPR2022-00578 (cited above) and 
Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC, et al. v. Chugai Seiyaku Kabushiki Kaisha et al., 
IPR2022-00201 challenging US 9,750,752 B2 (terminated October 17, 
 
 
1 Oral argument was simultaneously heard in this inter partes review and in 
Celltrion, Inc. et al. v. Chugai Seiyaku Kabushiki Kaisha et al., IPR2022-
00578, which was conducted in parallel, but not consolidated, with the 
present proceeding. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
4 
 
 
2022) as related matters. Paper 4, 1–2. Patent Owner additionally identifies 
the following U.S. Patent applications and issued patents that relate to U.S. 
Patent Application No. 16/254,105, which issued as the ’677 patent: 
• U.S. Patent Application No. 61/411,015, filed November 8, 
2010, and now expired, is a provisional application from 
which U.S. Patent Application No. 16/254,105, which issued 
as U.S. Patent No. 10,874,677, claims the benefit of priority. 
 
• U.S. Patent Application No. 61/542,615, filed October 3, 
2011, and now expired, is a provisional application from 
which U.S. Patent Application No. 16/254,105, which issued 
as U.S. Patent No. 10,874,677, claims the benefit of priority. 
 
• U.S. Patent Application No. 14/062,026, filed October 24, 
2013, and now issued as U.S. Patent No. 9,750,752, is a patent 
application from which U.S. Patent Application No. 
16/254,105, which issued as U.S. Patent No. 10,874,677, 
claims the benefit of priority. 
 
• U.S. Patent Application No. 17/115,391, filed December 8, 
2020, and now pending, is a patent application that claims 
priority to U.S. Patent Application No. 16/254,105, which 
issued as U.S. Patent No. 10,874,677. 
 
Id. at 1–3. 
 
C. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
 
Petitioner identifies Celltrion, Inc., Celltrion Healthcare Co. Ltd., and 
Celltrion Healthcare U.S.A., Inc. as real parties-in-interest. Pet. 24. Patent 
Owner identifies Chugai Seiyaku Kabushiki Kaisha (also called Chugai 
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.), Genentech, Inc., and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. as 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
5 
 
 
the real parties-in-interest. Paper 4, 1. There is no dispute over the identities 
of the real parties-in-interest in this proceeding. 
 
D. 
The Instituted Challenges 
Petitioner contends that challenged claims 1–8 of the ’677 patent are 
unpatentable, based upon the following grounds, all of which have been 
instituted in this proceeding: 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1, 5 
1022 
NCT ’6533 
2 
1–8 
103 
NCT ’653, Morichika4, 
Kivitz5 
 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 
(2011) (“AIA”), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103. Because the 
challenged claims of the ’538 patent have an effective filing date prior to 
the effective date of the applicable AIA amendments, we refer to the pre-
AIA versions of 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 this Decision. Our conclusions 
herein, however, would not change regardless of which version of the 
Patent Act applies. 
3 U.S. Nat’l Library of Medicine, History of Changes for NCT00965653: A 
Study of Subcutaneously Administered Tocilizumab in Patients with 
Rheumatoid Arthritis, ClinicalTrials.gov (“NCT ’653”) Ex. 1004. 
4 Morichika et al. (WO 2009/084659 A1, July 9, 2009) (“Morichika”) 
Ex. 1110. 
5 A. Kivitz et al., HUMIRA® Pen: a Novel Autoinjection Device for 
Subcutaneous Injection of the Fully Human Monoclonal Antibody 
Adalimumab, 4(2) EXPERT REV. MED. DEVICES 109–16 (2007) Ex. 1050. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
6 
 
 
 
Petitioner also relies on the Declarations of Prescott M. Lassman, Esq. 
(Ex. 1137), Dr. Dhaval K. Shah (Ex. 1032; Ex. 1138), Dr. Maarten Boers 
(Ex. 1034; Ex. 1139), and Dr. Paul A. Dalby (Ex. 1036; Ex. 1140). Patent 
Owner relies on the Declarations of Dr. Steven R. Little (Ex. 2005), 
Dr. Emil Samara (Ex. 2006), and Dr. Gregg J. Silverman (Ex. 2009). We 
have reviewed the credentials of Petitioner’s and Patent Owner’s declarants 
and consider them each to be qualified to provide the opinions for which 
their testimony has been submitted. 
 
E. 
The ’677 Patent 
 
In one aspect, the ’677 patent relates to methods for treating 
interleukin-6 (IL-6) related diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis (also 
referred to as “RA”), with subcutaneously administered antibody that binds 
interleukin-6 receptor (anti-IL-6R antibody). Ex. 1001, col. 1, ll. 29–35. 
The ’677 patent also relates to “devices useful for subcutaneous 
administration of an anti-IL-6R antibody.” Id. at col. 1, ll. 39–40, cols. 4–5, 
ll. 65–3. 
 
IL-6 is a “proinflammatory, multifunctional cytokine produced by a 
variety of cell types,” and “exerts its effects through a ligand-specific 
receptor (IL-6R) present both in soluble and membrane-expressed forms.” 
Ex. 1001, col. 2, ll. 1–2, 16–18. It has been known in the art that “[e]levated 
IL-6 levels have been reported in the serum and synovial fluid of 
[rheumatoid arthritis (“RA”)] patients, indicative of production of IL-6 by 
the synovium.” Id. at col. 2, ll. 19–21. It is also known in the art that “IL-6 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
7 
 
 
levels correlate with disease activity in RA … and clinical efficacy is 
accompanied by a reduction in serum IL-6 levels.” Id. at col. 2, ll. 23–25. 
 
Tocilizumab (also referred to as “TCZ”) is a recombinant humanized 
monoclonal antibody of the immunoglobulin IgG1 subclass which binds to 
human IL-6R. Ex. 1001, col. 2, ll. 27–29. Tocilizumab has been approved 
for use in treating a number of diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis and 
juvenile idiopathic arthritis. See id. at col. 2, ll. 34–43. In one aspect, 
the ’677 patent relates to identification of a fixed dose of anti-IL-6R 
antibody such as tocilizumab. Id. at col. 1, ll. 35–36. 
 
F. 
Representative Claim 
Claims 1 and 5 are independent and are representative of the 
challenged claims. Claim 1 recites: 
1. 
An article of manufacture comprising a subcutaneous 
administration device, which contains and delivers to a 
patient a 162 mg fixed dose of tocilizumab. 
Ex. 1001, col. 63, ll. 45–47. Claim 5 recites: 
5. 
An article of manufacture comprising a subcutaneous 
administration device, which contains and delivers to a 
patient a 162 mg fixed dose of an anti-IL-6R antibody, 
wherein the anti-IL-6R antibody comprises the light chain 
and heavy chain amino acid sequences of SEQ ID NOs:1 
and 2, respectively. 
Id. at cols. 63–64, ll. 56–47. 
 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
8 
 
 
II. ANALYSIS 
A. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
 
The level of skill in the art is a factual determination that provides a 
primary guarantee of objectivity in an obviousness analysis. Al-Site Corp. v. 
VSI Int’l Inc., 174 F.3d 1308, 1323 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (citing Graham v. John 
Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966)); Ryko Mfg. Co. v. Nu-Star, Inc., 950 
F.2d 714, 718 (Fed. Cir. 1991)). 
 
Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time of 
the invention “would in fact have been a team of individuals possessing the 
different skill sets typically employed on such a project.” Pet. 18. Petitioner 
asserts that the “team would have included individuals skilled in the relevant 
area(s) of clinical medicine (e.g., rheumatologists), pharmacokineticists, 
formulators and project leads” working together as needed. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1034 ¶ 48; Ex. 1032 ¶ 27; Ex. 1036 ¶¶ 25–26). 
 
Patent Owner agrees with Petitioner’s definition of a person of 
ordinary skill being a team of individuals possessing the different skill sets 
typically employed on such a project. PO Resp. 7. According to Patent 
Owner, a person of ordinary skill in the art can have the knowledge and 
experience of multiple individuals working across different arts. Id. at 8 
(citing Daiichi Sankyo Co. v. Apotex, Inc., 501 F.3d 1254, 1256–57 (Fed. 
Cir. 2007)). Patent Owner disagrees with the definition adopted by the 
Board in its Decision to Institute, viz.: 
[A]n individual with an M.D. specializing in the treatment of 
autoimmune disorders and having several years of experience 
treating patients with such disorders, including rheumatoid 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
9 
 
 
arthritis; or an individual with an M.D. and/or Ph.D. having 
several years of experience researching treatments for 
autoimmune disorders, including rheumatoid arthritis, wherein 
the M.D. and/or Ph.D. would have had access to individuals 
skilled in clinical medicine, pharmacokinetics and formulation. 
Dec. 6. Patent Owner contends that such an individual would have been 
“unable to develop those inventions without assistance from other 
individuals.” PO Resp. 8 (citing Ex. 1001, cols. 29–32, ll. 19–37, cols. 38–
42, ll. 59–14, Figs. 1–4). 
 
Petitioner replies that there is little difference between the definition 
set forth in the Decision to Institute and the definition essentially agreed 
upon by the parties, as both definitions include a team of individuals. Pet. 
Reply 6. Petitioner contends, however, that the prior art of record 
demonstrates the amount of experience a skilled artisan would have had, 
which is quite substantial. Id. (citing Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 
1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001)). 
 
We are not persuaded that a person of ordinary skill in the art could be 
thought of as a “team of individuals.” We find no support in Sankyo for 
Patent Owner’s contention that “a person of ordinary skill in the art can have 
the knowledge and experience of multiple individuals working across 
different arts.” See PO Resp. 8. Rather, in Sankyo, the Federal Circuit 
looked to the qualifications of the inventors of the patent at issue, all of 
whom were specialists in drug and ear treatments and noted that others 
working in the same field as the inventors were of the same skill level. 
Sankyo, 501 F.3d at 1257. Finding that such specialty training was a 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
10 
 
 
requisite for ordinary skill in the art, the court defined the level of ordinary 
skill in the art in that case as “a person engaged in developing 
pharmaceutical formulations and treatment methods for the ear or a 
specialist in ear treatments such as an otologist, otolaryngologist, or 
otorhinolaryngologist who also has training in pharmaceutical 
formulations.” Id. 
 
We conclude that there is, as Petitioner acknowledges, little 
substantial difference between the qualifications of the “team” proposed by 
the parties, and those of the individual skilled artisan defined in our Decision 
to Institute. Such an individual would have had not only several years of 
experience researching treatments for autoimmune disorders, including 
rheumatoid arthritis, but would additionally have access to individuals 
skilled in clinical medicine, pharmacokinetics and formulation. Indeed, 
Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Shah, acknowledges that an individual person of skill 
in the art “would have had access to individuals skilled in clinical medicine, 
pharmacokinetics and formulation.” Ex. 1032 ¶ 27. This is consistent with 
our prior definition. We consequently adopt, for this Final Written Decision, 
the definition of a person of ordinary skill in the art as defined in our 
Decision to Institute and quoted above because it appears consistent with the 
problems addressed in the ’677 Patent and the prior art of record. See Dec. 
6. Furthermore, the prior art itself can reflect the appropriate level of 
ordinary skill in the art. Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. 
Cir. 2001). Regardless of the level of skill adopted, our analysis and 
findings would remain the same. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
11 
 
 
B. Claim Construction 
 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard used to 
construe claim terms in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). See 
37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2020). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally 
given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 
415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). “In determining the 
meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic 
evidence of record, examining the claim language itself, the written 
description, and the prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. 
v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) 
(citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–17). Extrinsic evidence is “less significant 
than the intrinsic record in determining ‘the legally operative meaning of 
claim language.’” Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1317 (quoting C.R. Bard, Inc. v. U.S. 
Surgical Corp., 388 F.3d 858, 862 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). 
 
1. 
 “Fixed dose” 
 
Petitioner asserts that the claim term “fixed dose” is defined in the 
Specification as “a dosage of a drug, such as an anti-IL-6R antibody which 
is administered without regard to the patient’s weight or body surface area 
(BSE), i.e., it is not administered as either a mg/kg or mg/m2 dose.” Pet. 27 
(quoting Ex. 1001, col. 15, ll. 15–18). Patent Owner does not dispute this 
definition. PO Resp. 9 n.9. Because the term “fixed dose” is defined by the 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
Specification and is not disputed by the parties, we determine, based on the 
current record, that this term requires no further construction. 
 
2. 
“Delivers to a patient” 
In our Decision to Institute, we found that, for the purposes of that 
Decision, the claim phrase “delivers to a patient” does not limit the claims, 
which “are directed to a device and not to a method of treatment.” Dec. 8. 
We found that the claim recitation that the device “delivers to a patient” the 
recited fixed dosage of tocilizumab is “merely an intended use of the 
subcutaneous administration device, as defined by the Specification.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1001, col. 20, ll. 7–11). 
 
Patent Owner takes issue with our preliminary holding that the phrase 
“delivers to a patient” is not limiting upon the claim. PO Resp. 12. 
According to Patent Owner, a “wherein” clause containing functional 
language that informs the structural requirements of a claimed device is 
limiting on the scope of the claimed invention. Id. (citing, e.g., K-2 Corp. v. 
Salomon S.A., 191 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). Patent Owner asserts 
that the clause reciting “which contains and delivers 162 mg of tocilizumab 
to a patient” dictates that the structure of the claimed device “must be able to 
contain 162 mg of tocilizumab and safely and effectively deliver that amount 
of drug subcutaneously to a patient with an IL-6-mediated disorder.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 57–59). 
 
Patent Owner argues further that the alleged risk of immunogenic 
reactions due to aggregation and viscosity of the subcutaneous formulation 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
13 
 
 
was considerable for patients suffering from IL-6 mediated disorders like 
RA. PO Resp. 12 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 58, 84–88). Consequently, argues 
Patent Owner, the device structure must therefore accommodate these 
challenges, as well as the obstacles of aggregation instability, injection 
difficulties, and patient discomfort. Id. (citing Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 10–20). 
 
Petitioner maintains its position that the limitation should not be 
accorded patentable weight because it recites an intended use of the claimed 
device. Pet. Reply 9 (citing In re Casey, 370 F.2d 576, 580 (C.C.P.A. 
1967)). However, argues Petitioner, even if the phrase is limiting upon the 
claim, Patent Owner’s proposed definition reads too much into the phrase. 
Id. According to Petitioner, to “deliver” a drug means to introduce into or 
on some part of the body. Id. at 9–10 (citing Ex. 1140 ¶ 6). Petitioner 
asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that 
the claimed “subcutaneous delivery device” must be capable of “delivering” 
the tocilizumab subcutaneously, i.e., introducing it into the subcutaneous 
layer of the skin, regardless of its disposition or effect thereafter. Id. at 10 
(citing Ex. 1140 ¶ 6). 
 
Petitioner argues further that an ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
understood that the plain meaning of the claim term “to a patient” means “to 
a human or other animal that is under medical care.” Pet. Reply 10 (citing 
Ex. 1139 ¶ 31). Petitioner asserts that this claim term is not limited to 
patients with a particular disease, nor does the term inform a person of 
ordinary skill in the art as to a particular threshold of safety or efficacy that 
must be met. Id. Petitioner disputes Patent Owner’s assertion that the claim 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
14 
 
 
refers to patients “in need of treatment,” pointing out that the language does 
not appear in the claims. Pet. Reply 10 (citing PO Resp. 12). Petitioner 
argues that, even if the phrase “delivers to a patient” contains functional 
language, it does not “dictate[] that the structure of the claimed device must 
be able to…safely and effectively deliver that amount of drug 
subcutaneously to a patient with an IL-6R-mediated disorder,” as argued by 
Patent Owner. Id. at 10–11 (quoting PO Resp. 12) (alterations in original). 
At most, argues Petitioner, it could only require that the “subcutaneous 
delivery device” be capable of “delivering” the dose to a “patient,” which is 
the very purpose of any subcutaneous drug delivery device. Id. 
 
Patent Owner responds that its proposed construction does not seek to 
import a method-of-treatment limitation requiring that the claimed dose to 
be safe and effective. PO Sur-Reply 3. Rather, contends Patent Owner, it 
merely requires that a person of skill in the art prepare a device intended to 
deliver the claimed dose to someone she would expect to benefit from it. Id. 
In other words, Patent Owner asserts, the device, and not its contents, must 
be designed in a manner considered safe and effective to accomplish that 
task, and must account for the risks associated with subcutaneous 
administration to those with IL-6 mediated diseases. Id. 
 
The claim phrase “delivers to a patient” is contained within the 
limitation of claims 1 and 5 reciting “a subcutaneous administration device, 
which contains and delivers to a patient a 162 mg fixed dose of 
[tocilizumab].” Although this language is not, as Patent Owner suggests, 
contained within a “wherein” clause, we nevertheless find that the most 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
natural reading of this claim language shows a functional limitation that 
simply requires that the claimed subcutaneous administration device be 
capable of containing and delivering to a patient a fixed dose of the drug. 
As such, we conclude that this functional language is limiting upon the 
claim. See, e.g., K-2 Corp. v. Salomon S.A., 191 F.3d 1356, 1363 (1999) 
(holding that functional language is limiting upon an apparatus claim). 
 
We decline to adopt, however, Patent Owner’s construction of a 
patient as being a person “with an IL-6-mediated disorder” or requiring the 
claimed device to “safely and effectively deliver that amount of drug 
subcutaneously to a patient” and to accommodate the risk of serious 
immunogenic reactions due to aggregation and viscosity[,] … as well as the 
obstacles of aggregation instability, injection difficulties, and patient 
discomfort.” See PO Resp. 12. To adopt these definitions is to 
impermissibly extend the scope of the claims through claim construction 
beyond the language of the claims, which do not recite this language. To 
require that the patient be in need of treatment for an IL-6 mediated disease, 
as suggested by Patent Owner, is to place an additional limitation on the 
device that is not functional, but rather relates to the nature of the individual 
receiving the subcutaneous administration. 
 
To the contrary, we interpret this functional language as requiring the 
claimed device to be capable of delivering the contained dosage to any 
“patient” whether or not they have a specific medical condition or without 
respect to ancillary conditions or concerns that may apply. If the device is 
capable of delivering the dosage subcutaneously to any patient, that is 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
sufficient for this functional limitation, and we decline to import additional 
limitations into the claim, as Patent Owner urges us to do. We therefore 
construe the claim phrase “delivers to a patient” as a functional limitation of 
the claims that requires that the claimed device be capable of subcutaneously 
delivering the dose contained within it to a person. 
 
3. 
“A subcutaneous administration device, which contains and delivers 
to a patient a 162 mg fixed dose of tocilizumab” 
 
Patent Owner next argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood that the “162 mg fixed dose of tocilizumab” recited 
in claims 1 and 5 must be contained in, and delivered to, a patient by a single 
subcutaneous administration device. PO Resp. 9 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 57–59). 
Patent Owner acknowledges that, although it is possible to administer a 
fixed dose of drug using more than one subcutaneous administration device, 
the Specification of the ’677 patent never describes that. Id. at 9–10 (citing 
Ex. 2009 ¶ 57). Rather, contends Patent Owner, the Specification 
consistently describes containing and delivering to patients the entire 162 
mg fixed dose of tocilizumab using a single device. Id. at 10 (citing 
Ex. 1001, col. 49, ll. 54–55, col. 34, ll. 34–35, col. 43, ll. 43–65, Table 2). 
 
Patent Owner also points to the Specification’s description of the 
inventor’s efforts to develop 162 mg fixed dose subcutaneous tocilizumab 
formulations capable of being “contain[ed]” in and “deliver[ed]” by a single 
subcutaneous administration device by grappling with competing demands 
of a “higher concentration of tocilizumab, 180 mg/mL,” “high viscosity,” 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
low injection volumes of “1 mL or less”, and “increase[d] ejection force.” 
PO Resp. 10 (citing Ex. 1001, col. 40, ll. 9–17) (alteration in original). 
These challenges, Patent Owner asserts, would have been obviated by a dose 
contained in and delivered via more than one subcutaneous injection device. 
Id. at 11. 
 
Petitioner disagrees that the claimed device must administer all of the 
fixed dose in one injection. Pet. Reply 8. Petitioner contends that syringes 
and other injection devices, as well as infusion pumps, are generally capable 
of administering their contents to patients in more than one injection, e.g., if 
the user decides to administer the contents of the device in several injections 
rather than one. Id. (citing Ex. 1140 ¶¶ 4–5). Petitioner emphasizes that the 
challenged claims are device claims, not method claims, and do not place 
any restrictions on how the device may be used. Id. 
 
Patent Owner replies that Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Boers, opined that 
a person of ordinary skill in the art “would have been unaware of any reason 
why the clinical investigator would need to use more than one injection,” 
and that it “would be very, very strange, in fact, and maybe even 
unethical, to do it another way.” PO Sur-Reply 1–2 (citing Ex. 1139 ¶ 33; 
Ex. 2080, 49). Patent Owner also points again to the Specification, which, 
Patent Owner argues, discloses evidence supporting Patent Owner’s 
construction, and Dr. Silverman’s opinion, including consistent descriptions 
of a single device containing and delivering subcutaneously the claimed 
fixed dose to patients, and efforts to develop a 162 mg fixed formulation 
suitable for that purpose. Id. at 2–3. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
 
Patent Owner also argues that the prosecution history of the ’677 
patent underscores this interpretation. PO Resp. 11. According to Patent 
Owner, the word “contains” was added to the claims as part of an 
amendment, indicating that the requirement that the administration device 
“contains” tocilizumab is separate from, and in addition to, the requirement 
the device “delivers” tocilizumab. Id. (citing Ex. 1068, 328–29). Patent 
Owner contends that the claims this rule out the possibility of administration 
from a pre-filled vial, which would contain the drug but could not deliver it 
without the use of another administration device like a syringe. Id. 
 
We are not persuaded that the language of the claims reciting “a 
subcutaneous administration device, which contains and delivers to a patient 
a 162 mg fixed dose of tocilizumab” necessarily requires that the dose 
delivered to the patient be delivered in a single injection. As an initial 
matter, the claim term “fixed dose” is defined by the Specification of 
the ’677 patent as meaning “a dosage of a drug, such as an anti-IL-6R 
antibody which is administered without regard to the patient's weight or 
body surface area (BSA), i.e.[,] it is not administered as either a mg/kg or 
mg/m2 dose.” Ex. 1001, col. 15, ll. 15–18. There is no dispute between the 
parties over this portion of the claim language, and we have adopted this 
definition as part of our construction. See Section II.B.1, supra. Moreover, 
the Specification provides no further definition of the term “dose.” 
 
The claim language also recites that the “subcutaneous administration 
device, … contains and delivers to a patient” the 162 mg fixed dose of 
tocilizumab. The claim places no further restrictions or limitations on how 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
the device delivers the fixed dose, i.e., the language places no limits 
requiring that the fixed dose be administered in a single injection. Nor does 
the plain meaning of the word “dose” require that the medicament be 
delivered via a single injection. The Merriam-Webster Medical Dictionary 
defines the term “dose,” in relevant part, as “the measured quantity of a 
therapeutic agent to be taken at one time.” See Ex. 3003.6 However, “taken 
at one time” does not necessarily mean given as a single injection or other 
singular means of delivery, but rather that the total amount be taken at the 
same time. By way of example, a 20 mg dose of medicine could be given as 
two 10 mg tablets to be taken together. That is to say, the definition is 
temporal in nature, rather than specifying a means or route of administration. 
 
To be sure, the Specification discloses examples of the medication 
being delivered as a single injection. See Ex. 1001, col. 49, ll. 54–55, 
col. 34, ll. 34–35, col. 43, ll. 43–65, Table 2. But the common language of 
claims 1 and 5 does not require that the device deliver the fixed dose in a 
single injection. Indeed, the language of the claims would also include 
within its scope a “subcutaneous administration device, which … delivers to 
a patient a 162 mg fixed dose” of tocilizumab via two or more sequential 
subcutaneous injections. The language of the claims requires only that the 
device be capable of containing and delivering the fixed dose. It is silent 
 
 
6 Merriam-Webster, Dose, available at: https://www.merriam-
webster.com/dictionary/dose#medicalDictionary (last visited July 18, 
2023). Ex. 3003. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
with respect to the method by which the dose should be delivered (other than 
subcutaneously), and we decline to read further limitations into the plain and 
ordinary meaning of the claim language. Patent Owner’s argument that the 
addition of the term “contains” to the claim during prosecution does not 
change our interpretation, because the word contains does not require, 
expressly or implicitly, that the fixed dose be administered as a single 
injection. 
 
We consequently construe the language of independent claims 1 and 5 
reciting a “subcutaneous administration device, which contains and delivers 
to a patient a 162 mg fixed dose” of tocilizumab to mean that the claimed 
apparatus must be “capable of containing and delivering the 162 mg fixed 
dose subcutaneously,” without specifying the method by which the dose is to 
be delivered (e.g., single or multiple injections) or reading any further 
method limitations into the device claim. 
 
C. 
Principles of Law 
1. 
Burden of Proof 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016 (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity … the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). Therefore, in an inter partes 
review, the burden of proof is on the Petitioner to show that the challenged 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
claims are unpatentable; that burden never shifts to the patentee. See 35 
U.S.C. § 316(e); In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1375 
(Fed. Cir. 2016) (citing Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 
800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
 
2. 
Anticipation 
 
“A claim is anticipated only if each and every element as set forth in 
the claim is found, either expressly or inherently described, in a single prior 
art reference.” Schering Corp. v. Geneva Pharms., 339 F.3d 1373 (Fed. Cir. 
2003) (quoting Verdegaal Bros., Inc. v. Union Oil Co. of Cal., 814 F.2d 628, 
631 (Fed. Cir. 1987)). It is well settled that “a reference can anticipate a 
claim even if it ‘d[oes] not expressly spell out’ all the limitations arranged or 
combined as in the claim, if a person of skill in the art, reading the reference, 
would ‘at once envisage’ the claimed arrangement or combination.” 
Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 1381 (Fed. 
Cir. 2015) (quoting In re Petering, 301 F.2d 676, 681 (C.C.P.A. 1962)). 
 
3. 
Obviousness 
To ultimately prevail in its challenge to Patent Owner’s claims, 
Petitioner must demonstrate by a preponderance of the evidence7 that the 
 
 
7 The burden of showing something by a preponderance of the evidence 
requires the trier of fact to believe that the existence of a fact is more 
probable than its nonexistence before the trier of fact may find in favor of 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
claims are unpatentable. 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). A patent 
claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that the subject matter as a 
whole would have been obvious at the time the invention was made to a 
person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject matter pertains. 
KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of 
obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying factual determinations 
including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; (2) any differences 
between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level of ordinary 
skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. 
John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
In determining obviousness when all elements of a claim are found in 
various pieces of prior art, “the factfinder must further consider the factual 
questions of whether a person of ordinary skill in the art would be motivated 
to combine those references, and whether in making that combination, a 
person of ordinary skill would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success.” Dome Patent L.P. v. Lee, 799 F.3d 1372, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2015); 
see also WMS Gaming, Inc. v. Int’l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1355 (Fed. 
Cir. 1999) (“When an obviousness determination relies on the combination 
of two or more references, there must be some suggestion or motivation to 
 
 
the party who carries the burden. Concrete Pipe & Prods. of Cal., Inc. v. 
Constr. Laborers Pension Tr. for S. Cal., 508 U.S. 602, 622 (1993). 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
combine the references.”). “Both the suggestion and the expectation of 
success must be founded in the prior art, not in the applicant’s disclosure.” 
In re Dow Chemical Co., 837 F.2d 469, 473 (Fed. Cir. 1988); see also In re 
Magnum Oil Tools, 829 F.3d at 1381 (finding a party that petitions the 
Board for a determination of unpatentability based on obviousness must 
show that “a skilled artisan would have been motivated to combine the 
teachings of the prior art references to achieve the claimed invention, and 
that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so.”). 
An obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take 
account of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would employ.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418; see In re Translogic Tech, 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1259 (Fed. Cir. 2007). In KSR, the Supreme Court also 
stated that an invention may be found obvious if trying a course of conduct 
would have been obvious to a person of ordinary skill in the art: 
When there is a design need or market pressure to solve a 
problem and there are a finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions, a person of ordinary skill has good reason to pursue 
the known options within his or her technical grasp. If this leads 
to the anticipated success, it is likely the product not of 
innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense. In that 
instance the fact that a combination was obvious to try might 
show that it was obvious under § 103. 
550 U.S. at 421. “KSR affirmed the logical inverse of this statement by 
stating that § 103 bars patentability unless ‘the improvement is more than 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
the predictable use of prior art elements according to their established 
functions.’” In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1359–60 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 
We analyze the asserted challenges to patentability in accordance with 
the above-stated principles. 
 
D. 
Ground 1: Alleged Anticipation of claims 1 and 5 by NCT ’653 
1. 
Overview of the Prior Art 
a. 
NCT ’653 
NCT00965653 (“NCT ’653”) is a clinical trial study, entitled “A 
Study of Subcutaneously Administered Tocilizumab in Patients with 
Rheumatoid Arthritis.” Ex. 1004, 1. The summary states, “This open-label 
randomized [2 arm] study will investigate the pharmacokinetics, 
pharmacodynamics, efficacy and safety of subcutaneously administered 
tocilizumab in patients with rheumatoid arthritis who have shown an 
inadequate response to methotrexate.” Id. at 6. The summary explains 
further that “[p]atients will be randomized to receive tocilizumab 162 mg sc 
[subcutaneously] either weekly or every other week, in combination with 
methotrexate, for 12 weeks.” Id. 
 
2. 
Petitioner’s arguments 
a. 
“An article of manufacture comprising a subcutaneous 
administration device” 
Petitioner acknowledges that NCT ’653 does not describe the specific 
device (e.g., a syringe or an autoinjector) used in the study; however, a 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that a 
“subcutaneous administration device” was necessary to administer the 
tocilizumab subcutaneously. Pet. 30–31 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 204). According 
to Petitioner, this implicit disclosure is sufficient for anticipation. Id. at 31 
(citing In re Baxter Travenol Labs., 952 F.2d 388, 390–91 (Fed. Cir. 1991)). 
 
b. 
“which contains and delivers to a patient a 162 mg fixed dose 
of tocilizumab” (claim 1) 
Petitioner argues that NCT ’653 discloses that “[p]atients will be 
randomized to receive tocilizumab 162 mg sc8 either weekly or every other 
week, in combination with methotrexate, for 12 weeks.” Pet. 31 (citing 
Ex. 1004, 6). Petitioner asserts that the 162 mg dose is “fixed,” i.e., it did 
not vary from patient to patient regardless of body weight or body surface 
area. Id. (citing Ex. 1004, 6). According to Petitioner, a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would have understood that the “subcutaneous administration 
device” used in the study contained and delivered a 162 mg fixed dose of 
tocilizumab to the patient. Id. (citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 205). 
 
c. 
“which contains and delivers to a patient a 162 mg fixed dose 
of an anti-IL-6R antibody, wherein the anti-IL-6R antibody 
 
 
8 Subcutaneously. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
comprises the light chain and heavy chain amino acid 
sequences of SEQ ID NOs. 1 and 2, respectively” (claim 5) 
Petitioner argues that tocilizumab, as employed in NCT ’653, is an 
anti-IL-6R antibody comprising the light chain and heavy chain amino acid 
sequences of SEQ ID. Nos. 1 and 2, respectively. Pet. 32 (citing Ex. 1001, 
col. 5, ll. 29–30). 
Petitioner also argues that NCT ’653 is enabled and that efficacy is 
not a limitation in claims 1 and 5. Pet. 34–36. 
 
3. 
Analysis 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments that it has met its 
burden of showing, by a preponderance of the evidence, that NCT ’653 
anticipates claims 1 and 5 of the ’677 patent. 
“For a claim to be anticipated, each claim element must be disclosed, 
either expressly or inherently, in a single prior art reference, and the claimed 
arrangement or combination of those elements must also be disclosed, either 
expressly or inherently, in that same prior art reference.” Therasense, Inc. v. 
Becton, Dickinson and Co., 593 F.3d 1325, 1332–33 (Fed. Cir. 2010); see 
also Sanofi-Synthelabo v. Apotex, Inc., 550 F.3d 1075, 1082 (Fed. Cir. 2008) 
(holding that a claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 102 only when 
“every element and limitation of the claim was previously described in a 
single prior art reference, either expressly or inherently, so as to place a 
person of ordinary skill in possession of the invention”). 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
27 
 
 
Petitioner acknowledges that NCT ’653 does not describe the specific 
device (e.g., a syringe or an autoinjector) used in the study, nor can we 
discern one. See Pet. 30–31. NCT ’653 states merely that “[p]atients will be 
randomized to receive tocilizumab 162 mg sc either weekly or every other 
week, in combination with methotrexate, for 12 weeks.” Ex. 1004, 6. 
NCT ’653 thus discloses the route of tocilizumab administration 
(subcutaneous), but does not identify any device that is used to deliver the 
drug subcutaneously. 
Lacking an express disclosure of “a subcutaneous administration 
device, which contains and delivers to a patient a 162 mg fixed dose” of 
tocilizumab within the four corners of NCT ’653, we next inquire whether 
NCT ’653 inherently discloses the claimed device. A reference may 
anticipate inherently if a claim limitation that is not expressly disclosed “is 
necessarily present, or inherent, in the single anticipating reference.” 
Verizon Servs. Corp. v. Cox Fibernet Va., Inc., 602 F.3d 1325, 1337 (Fed. 
Cir. 2010); see also Agilent Techs., Inc. v. Affymetrix, Inc., 567 F.3d 1366, 
1383 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (holding that the “very essence of inherency is that 
one of ordinary skill in the art would recognize that a reference unavoidably 
teaches the property in question”). 
There can be little logical doubt that NCT ’653 necessarily teaches “a 
subcutaneous administration device” for the simple reason that the reference 
teaches that randomized subjects receive “tocilizumab 162 mg 
[subcutaneously]” and a person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
understood that a suitable device is required to do this. But the claims also 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
require that the subcutaneous administration device also “contains and 
delivers to a patient a 162 mg fixed dose of tocilizumab.” Petitioner 
contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that 
the “subcutaneous administration device” used in the study contained and 
delivered a 162 mg fixed dose of tocilizumab to the patient. Pet. 31. 
We are not persuaded, however, that an ordinarily skilled artisan 
would understand that NCT ’653 necessarily discloses that the subcutaneous 
administration device was one capable of containing and delivering 162 mg 
of tocilizumab. Certainly, it would be logical for a person of ordinary skill 
in the art to assume that a device used to administer the dose was capable of 
delivering the whole dose in a single administered injection. But the 
reference does not rule out the possibility that another method could be used, 
e.g., two injections, each from a device capable of containing and delivering 
a dose only of 81 mg. Such an administration, though perhaps unlikely, is 
not categorically excluded by the disclosures of NCT ’653. As such, we 
conclude that NCT ’653 does not inherently disclose “a subcutaneous 
administration device, which contains and delivers to a patient a 162 mg 
fixed dose” of tocilizumab because it does not disclose that the subcutaneous 
administration device[s] necessarily “contains and delivers” the 162 mg 
fixed dose. 
Because we find that NCT ’653 neither expressly not inherently 
discloses all of the limitations of claims 1 and 5, we conclude that the 
reference does not anticipate independent claims 1 and 5. Consequently, 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
Petitioner has failed to meet its burden of showing, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that claims 1 and 5 are unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 102. 
 
E. 
Ground 2: Alleged Obviousness of claims 1 and 5 over NCT ’653, 
Morichika, and Kivitz 
1. 
Overview of the Prior Art 
a. 
Morichika 
 
Morichika describes antibody-containing formulations for 
subcutaneous administration. Ex. 1110, Abstr. Morichika explains that 
most known antibody formulations are used for intravenous injection, but 
that there is “growing demand” for antibody-containing formulations that 
can be self-injected subcutaneously. Id. ¶ 2. Morichika further explains that 
antibody-containing formulations for subcutaneous injection require 
increasing the concentration of the antibody in the injection solution because 
the antibody administered per dose is large, while the injection solution is 
generally limited for this dosage form. See id. ¶ 3. 
 
Morichika discloses antibody-containing liquid formulations 
“especially suited for subcutaneous injection.” Id. ¶ 53. The liquid 
formulations may contain 150–200 mg/mL antibody, 100–300 mM arginine 
and 10–50 mM methionine (stabilizers), 10–20 mM histidine (buffer), and 
0.005–3% surfactants, such as polysorbates 20, 80 and poloxamer 188. See 
id. ¶¶ 15, 35, 40–41. In particular, Morichika describes a “highly 
concentrated antibody-containing preparation … that does not require 
reconstitution by lyophilization and does not require redissolution.” Id. ¶ 10. 
The preparation “can be stably stored in solution for a long period of time 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
30 
 
 
and can be manufactured without a lyophilization step in the manufacturing 
process, thus addition of a sugar or the like as a cryoprotectant agent is not 
necessary.” Id. 
 
Morichika exemplifies an antibody sample formulation containing an 
anti-IL-6R antibody referred to as “MRA.”9 See Ex. 1110 ¶¶ 29, 61. 
Morichika discloses examples A8 and A26, including 180 Mg/mL MRA 
(anti-IL6-R antibody), 100 mM arginine, 30 mM methionine, 0.5 Mg/mL 
polysorbate 80, and 20 mM histidine, with a pH of 6.0. Id. ¶¶ 64, 82. 
Morichika discloses stability data for examples A8 and A26, that “suggests 
that the combination of arginine and methionine has a synergistic effect” on 
inhibiting a dimer impurity. See id. ¶¶ 68–70, 83–84. 
 
b. 
Kivitz 
 
Kivitz discusses the Humira® adalimumab pen, which is described as 
“a novel, integrated, disposable autoinjection delivery system for the 
subcutaneous injection of adalimumab.” Ex. 1050, 109 (Abstr.). Kivitz 
explains that “[s]elf-administered injectables offer several advantages over 
intravenous injections (i.e., portability, convenience and flexible 
scheduling).” Id. Kivitz further explains that “patients with chronic, 
 
 
9 Petitioner asserts that MRA refers to TCZ. Pet. 13 (stating Morichika 
“discloses a high-concentration formulation of tocilizumab (referred to as 
‘MRA’ in the reference)”; see also Ex. 1034 ¶ 78; Ex. 1040, 2817 
(referring to “tocilizumab (previously known as MRA)”). 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
debilitating diseases may need a self-administered medication available in an 
easy-to-use and convenient delivery device that minimizes pain and 
facilitates adherence to therapy.” Id. Kivitz states that, “[b]ased on the 
positive response from patients to the adalimumab pen, it is quite possible 
that biological therapies delivered by autoinjector pens may rapidly become 
the preferred treatment in RA and related diseases.” Id. at 114. 
 
2. 
Petitioner’s Arguments 
Petitioner argues that challenged claims 1 and 5 require only a 
subcutaneous administration device, without specifying what that device is. 
Pet. 36. Petitioner asserts that dependent claims 2–4 and 6–8 further limit 
claims 1 and 5 to embodiments that employ specific “subcutaneous 
administration devices,” and that the narrowest claims (3 and 7) are limited 
to “a syringe, including a pre-filled syringe,” and “an autoinjector,” 
respectively. Id. 
Petitioner again acknowledges that NCT ’653 does not expressly 
describe the device to be used, but contends that a skilled artisan would have 
known that both pre-filled syringes and autoinjectors were conventional 
devices that were used in the art to deliver antibodies and other biologics 
subcutaneously to RA patients, and indeed were already in commercial use 
as of 2009. Pet. 37. By way of example, Petitioner points to Kivitz, which 
teaches the subcutaneous delivery of fixed doses of adalimumab (Humira®), 
etanercept (Enbrel®) and anakinra (Kineret®) via autoinjector and pre-filled 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
32 
 
 
syringes to RA patients. Id. (citing Ex. 1050, 111; also citing Ex. 1034 
¶ 213). 
Petitioner also argues that Morichika teaches how to formulate 
tocilizumab so that it, too, could be delivered to RA patients via an 
autoinjector or pre-filled syringe. Pet. 37. Petitioner contends that 
Morichika teaches a tocilizumab formulation that is “especially suitable” for 
subcutaneous administration, such as via injection. Id. (citing Ex. 1110 ¶ 53; 
Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 212, 214). 
Petitioner argues that it would have been obvious to a person of 
ordinary skill in the art to use the tocilizumab formulation of Morichika in 
the pre-filled syringe or autoinjector of Kivitz to arrive at the claimed article 
of manufacture, i.e., a device comprising the 162 mg dose of tocilizumab of 
NCT ’653 in a subcutaneous administration device such as a prefilled 
syringe or an autoinjector. Pet. 37 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 215, 227). 
Petitioner argues that a skilled artisan would have been motivated to 
combine the teachings of the references to arrive at the claimed invention. 
Pet. 37–38. According to Petitioner, Kivitz explains that RA is a chronic 
disease in which long-term efficacy depends on patients adhering to their 
prescribed dosage regimen, which can endure for a lifetime. Id. at 38 (citing 
Ex. 1050, 110; Ex. 1048, 786–87). Petitioner contends that intravenous 
medications for RA usually require a patient to visit a clinic for each dose, 
so that a trained medical professional can administer the IV infusion, which 
can be burdensome, especially for elderly patients or those with debilitating 
disease, and may affect patient adherence. Id. (citing Ex. 1050, 110, 114). 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
Petitioner asserts that patients who fear the IV procedure or who have poor 
venous access may also have difficulty adhering to their prescribed dosage 
regimen. Id. (citing Ex. 1050, 110; Ex. 1049, 265; Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 62–65, 216). 
 
In contrast, argues Petitioner, pre-filled syringes and autoinjectors for 
subcutaneous injections can be used by patients to self-administer at home, 
whenever convenient. Pet. 38 (citing Ex. 1050, 110). Petitioner points out 
that such devices are easy to use and minimize both the pain and duration of 
injection. Id. (citing Ex. 1050, 110). Petitioner notes that the cost of at-
home, self-administration can also be lower than intravenous delivery, 
because no clinic or medical professional needs to be involved. Id. at 38–39 
(citing Ex. 1050, 110). Petitioner notes that all of these advantages may 
increase patient adherence to their treatment regimen. Id. (citing Ex. 1050, 
110, 114; Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 62–65, 115, 216). 
 
Petitioner also contends that fixed subcutaneous dosing was known in 
the art to have therapeutic benefits over intravenous dosing, because the 
former avoids the calculations needed for body-mass dosing (e.g., 
calculating mg/kg), which must be done for each dose and can lead to dosing 
errors. Pet. 39 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 64). Petitioner states that subcutaneous 
doses are also generally smaller and administered more frequently than 
intravenous doses, that tend to avoid the large peaks and troughs in mean 
blood plasma concentration often seen with intravenous delivery. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1034 ¶ 64). 
 
Given these considerations, Petitioner argues that the teaching of 
subcutaneous dosage regimen for RA by NCT ’653 would have motivated a 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
person of ordinary skill in the art to combine that protocol with the devices 
disclosed by Kivitz. Pet. 39–40 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 216–221). Petitioner 
also argues that Morichika’s teaching of a stable formulation of tocilizumab 
suitable for use in an autoinjector or pre-filled syringe would have increased 
interest in NCT ’653 and encouraged the use of one of those devices to 
deliver the fixed dose to RA patients. Id. at 41. The availability of a ready-
made recipe for the formulation, Petitioner argues, would have saved an 
ordinarily skilled artisan time and expense in experimentation. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1034 ¶ 221). 
 
Petitioner additionally points to other prior art that would have 
motivated the person of ordinary skill in the art to combine the references. 
Pet. 39. Petitioner points to clinical trials that had demonstrated that 
4 mg/kg and 8 mg/kg of intravenous tocilizumab were effective at treating 
RA. Id. at 40 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 216–221). Petitioner notes that, in 
February 2009, Patent Owner announced that a subcutaneous version of 
subcutaneous tocilizumab (Actemra®) was in Phase II development and, in 
June 2009, announced that Actemra had “[c]ontinued strong efficacy data” 
and had “[d]emonstrated long-term safety with increasing efficacy over 
time.” Id. (citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 69; Ex. 1071, 4; Ex. 1072, slide 12) (alterations 
in original). 
 
Finally, argues Petitioner, a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have had a reasonable expectation of success in presenting 162 mg of 
tocilizumab in an autoinjector or pre-filled syringe. Pet. 41 (citing Ex. 1034 
¶¶ 222–226). According to Petitioner, an ordinarily skilled artisan would 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
35 
 
 
have been able to follow Morichika’s teachings to create a concentrated 
formulation of tocilizumab that could be contained in an autoinjector or pre-
filled syringe. Id. (citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 222–226). Petitioner notes that 
Morichika later entered national stage in the U.S. and issued as a U.S. patent 
prior to the filing date of the ’677 patent, with claims to a “stable” 
formulation of tocilizumab “suitable for subcutaneous administration.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 68; Ex. 1112; Ex. 1115, 96). 
 
Petitioner contends that challenged claims 1–8 do not require that the 
“article of manufacture” be efficacious for a particular disease, including 
RA. Pet. 42. Petitioner points out that no disease is recited in the claims, 
and importing a specific disease as a limitation into the claims would be 
improper. Id. (citing Acceleration Bay, LLC v. Activision Blizzard Inc., 908 
F.3d 765, 771 (Fed. Cir. 2018)). Petitioner asserts that this is particularly so 
given that the ’677 Specification mentions over 100 different diseases as 
“examples of IL-6-mediated disorders to be treated herein.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1001, col. 13, ll. 27–60). Therefore, argues Petitioner, no reasonable 
expectation of efficacy is required in order for the claims to be obvious. Id. 
 
Even so, argues Petitioner, a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have had a reasonable expectation from the prior art that a 162 mg fixed 
dose of tocilizumab, when delivered subcutaneously via a pre-filled syringe 
or autoinjector to an RA patient, and delivered at a sufficient frequency, 
would have efficacy against RA, in at least some patients. Pet. 43 (citing 
Ex. 1034 ¶ 224). 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
 
Petitioner points to the Declaration of its expert, Dr. Boers, who 
testifies that tocilizumab dosed 8 mg/kg intravenously had been approved in 
Japan and Europe for treating RA, and that there was an abundance of 
clinical trial results showing that both 4 mg/kg and 8 mg/kg IV doses were 
efficacious in RA patents. Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 55–56, 61, 224). 
Specifically, states Dr. Boers, the SAMURAI, LITHE, and RADIATE 
studies showed that 4 mg/kg and 8 mg/kg of IV tocilizumab were effective 
at treating RA, and tocilizumab (Actemra®) had been approved in 
Europe and Japan as a safe and effective treatment for RA. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1034 ¶ 224). Petitioner asserts that a skilled artisan would have 
understood that 162 mg of tocilizumab can be delivered subcutaneously at 
some total dose and frequency to approximate these effective IV doses. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1034 ¶ 224). 
 
Petitioner further points out that Morichika also discloses that its high-
concentration formulation of tocilizumab would be effective intravenously 
or subcutaneously, and that Patent Owner represented that subcutaneous 
administration was “preferred” for tocilizumab. Pet. 43–44 (citing Ex. 1034 
¶¶ 78, 219, 221, 225; Ex. 1110 ¶ 53; Ex. 1071, 4; Ex. 1072, slide 12, 
Ex. 1030, 4). 
 
Petitioner also points to the Declaration of Dr. Shah, who testifies that 
a person of ordinary skill in the art would have been able to employ routine 
pharmacokinetic modeling to predict whether the 162 mg fixed dose in 
NCT ’653 would have at least some efficacy against RA. Pet. 44 (citing 
Ex. 1032 ¶¶ 82, 119, 123). Dr. Shah opined that an ordinarily skilled artisan 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
would have understood from the prior art that maintaining a mean blood 
plasma level of tocilizumab at or above 1 μg/ml would be effective against 
RA. Id. (citing Ex. 1032 ¶¶ 104–109; 114; Ex. 1034 ¶ 59). 
 
By way of example, Petitioner points to Nishimoto10, which reported 
that 1 μg/mL was the minimum effective concentration (“MEC”) at which 
tocilizumab would effectively block the activity of IL-6. Pet. 44 (citing 
Ex. 1008, 3961–63). Petitioner also notes that the Japanese Ministry of 
Health’s Report on Deliberation Results for Actemra®11stated that 1 μg/mL 
was “the minimum effective blood concentration of MRA [tocilizumab].” 
Id. (citing Ex. 1024, 22–23). 
 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art, having 
comprehended this information, could have generated a routine 
pharmacokinetic model to assess whether 162 mg of tocilizumab would 
produce mean blood plasma levels at or above the MEC. Pet. 44 (citing 
Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 70–72, 179, 226; Ex. 1032 ¶¶ 115–123). Petitioner asserts that, 
 
 
10 N. Nishimoto et al., Mechanisms and Pathologic Significance in Serum 
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) and Soluble IL-6 Receptor after Administration of an 
Anti-IL-6 Receptor Antibody, Tocilizumab, in Patients with Rheumatoid 
Arthritis and Castleman Disease, 112(10) BLOOD 3959–64 (2008) 
(“Nishimoto”) Ex. 1008. 
11 Evaluation and Licensing Division, Pharmaceutical and Food Safety 
Bureau, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare [Japan], Report on the 
Deliberation Results (March 6, 2008) (the “Deliberations Results Report”) 
Ex. 1024. 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
by 2009, such models had become an essential and routine part of drug 
product development, and they were in wide use for precisely this type of 
analysis. Id. at 44–45 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 70–72). According to Petitioner, a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have chosen a two-compartment 
pharmacokinetic (“PK”) model for tocilizumab, guided in part by the two-
compartment model taught by Ng12 for efalizumab, an IgG1-kappa subtype 
antibody structurally similar to tocilizumab, and by the two-compartment 
model for tocilizumab that Patent Owner included in the FDA Review and 
EMA Report, submitted in support of the regulatory approval of tocilizumab 
(Actemra®). Id. at 45 (citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 104, 179; Ex. 1032 ¶¶ 80–82, 85; 
Ex. 1007, 1091–92, Fig 1A; Ex. 1010, 110–24; Ex. 1006, 41). 
 
Petitioner asserts that the pharmacokinetic parameters needed to 
produce a reasonably predictive two-compartment model for tocilizumab 
were available in, or could have been estimated from, the FDA Review, the 
EMA Report, and/or Chernajovsky13. Pet. 45 (citing Ex. 1032 ¶¶ 84–85, 
87–89, 90–91, 100–103; Ex. 1009, 154–55, Fig. 3; Ex. 1006, 41–42, 
Ex. 1010). 
 
 
12 C.M. Ng et al., Pharmacokinetic-Pharmacodynamic-Efficacy Analysis of 
Efalizumab in Patients with Moderate to Severe Psoriasis, 22(7) 
PHARMACEUT. RES., 1088–1100 (2005) (“Ng”) Ex. 1007. 
13 N. Nishimoto et al., Humanized Antihuman IL-6 Receptor Antibody, 
Tocilizumab, in THERAPEUTIC ANTIBODIES (Y. Chernajovsky et al., eds.) 
151–60 (2008) (“Chernajovsky”) Ex. 1009. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
Petitioner acknowledges that two parameters for tocilizumab are not 
disclosed in the prior art (bioavailability (F) and rate of absorption (Ka)), but 
have been reported for structurally-similar antibodies. Id. (citing Ex. 1032 
¶¶ 92–98). 
 
Petitioner points to Dr. Shah’s Declaration, in which he testifies that a 
routine two-compartment model, when programmed with the prior-art 
pharmacokinetic parameters for tocilizumab found in the FDA Review, 
predicts that a 162 mg subcutaneous dose of tocilizumab, when administered 
weekly, will produce and maintain a mean blood plasma concentration well 
above the 1 μg/ml MEC for tocilizumab at steady state. Pet. 46 (citing 
Ex. 1032 ¶ 117, Fig, 14). Petitioner contends that essentially the same result 
is obtained when using the pharmacokinetic parameters obtained from EMA 
Report and Chernajovsky, and that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
therefore have had a reasonable expectation that an autoinjector filled with 
a 162 mg dose of tocilizumab, when used by an RA patient once a week, 
would have at least some efficacy. Id. at 46–47 (citing Ex. 1032 ¶ 115, 119 
Fig. 12; Ex. 1034 ¶ 226). 
 
Petitioner also points to Patent Owner’s sponsoring of NCT ’653, its 
public statements about subcutaneous tocilizumab being “in development,” 
that subcutaneous tocilizumab was the “preferred form,” and that Patent 
Owner had performed pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (“PK/PD”) 
modeling and other analyses, as evidence that a skilled artisan would 
understand that a 162 mg dose in NCT ’653 administered, e.g., once weekly, 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
would demonstrate at least some efficacy in at least some patients. Pet. 47 
(citing Ex. 1034 ¶¶ 225–226). 
 
3. 
Patent Owner’s Response 
 
Patent Owner argues that neither Kivitz nor Morichika cure the 
alleged deficiencies of NCT ‘653, because neither reference teaches how to 
make a subcutaneous device containing a formulation of a drug at the high 
antibody dose and concentration required by the claims. PO Resp. 21–22 
(citing Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 98–102, 115–117). Patent Owner argues that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have had no motivation to combine the 
teachings of the references or a reasonable expectation of success in doing 
so.14 Id. at 22. 
 
Dr. Little, one of Patent Owner’s declarants, opines that, as of the 
priority date of the ’677 patent, the upper concentration limit for 
subcutaneously administered antibody formulations was “thought to be 
about 100 mg/mL.” PO Resp. 14 (citing Ex. 2005 ¶ 41 (citing Ex. 1030 
¶ 3)). Patent Owner asserts that the prior art recognized that “[t]he most 
outstanding limitation” on subcutaneous administration “may be that large 
doses of antibody may not be feasibly injected IM or SC due to the relatively 
limited solubility of IgG (~ 100 mg/mL).” Id. (quoting Ex. 2020, 5). 
 
 
14 Patent Owner also argues that Kivitz teaches away from the proposed 
combination. PO Resp. 22. At oral argument, however, Patent Owner 
essentially conceded this argument. See Hearing Trans. 41. 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
41 
 
 
According to Patent Owner, the necessity of low injection volumes 
constrained subcutaneous administration of biologic medicines in particular, 
because subcutaneous injection volumes had to be preferably 1 mL or less to 
prevent additional tissue damage or inflammation from the injection itself. 
Id. (citing Ex. 2005 ¶ 15; also citing Ex. 2015, 2; Ex. 2032, 2). Consistent 
with this, argues Patent Owner, neither of the monoclonal antibodies 
approved for subcutaneous administration to RA patients at the time utilized 
an injection volume greater than 1 milliliter. Id. (citing Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 21–25). 
 
Patent Owner argues that, given the “small volume” limits on 
subcutaneous administration, “treatments with high doses,” such as “100 
mg” or more, would “require development of formulations at concentrations 
exceeding 100 mg/mL,” which would have been a “challenging” feat as of 
the priority date. PO Resp. 15 (citing Ex. 2015, 2; Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 35–41). 
Patent Owner points to Haller15 as teaching that rheumatologists would 
circumvent this problem by administering multiple shots. Id. (citing 
Ex. 2032, 2; also citing Ex. 2020, 5). 
 
Patent Owner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art, armed 
with this understanding, would not have envisioned the subjects in 
NCT ’653 receiving the entire 162 mg fixed dose from a single 
administration device. PO Resp. 15 (citing Ex. 2005 ¶ 42). Patent Owner 
 
 
15 M.F. Haller, Converting Intravenous Dosing to Subcutaneous Dosing with 
Recombinant Human Hyaluronidase, 31(10) PHARM. TECH. 1–5 (2007) 
(“Haller”) Ex. 2032. 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
notes that, among the therapeutic monoclonal antibodies approved for RA, 
the highest dose administered in a single injection was 50 mg (at a 
concentration of 100 mg/mL), which is well below the 162 mg fixed dose 
the claims require. Id. Petitioner points to the testimony of Drs. Silverman 
and Little that an ordinarily skilled artisan, reading NCT ’653, would have 
understood that the patients in that trial could, and probably did, receive 162 
mg of tocilizumab through multiple administration devices, each containing 
lower doses and concentrations. Id. at 15–16 (citing Ex. 2005 ¶¶ 42–47; 
Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 111–114). 
 
Patent Owner also argues that the Petitioner has failed to demonstrate 
that NCT ’653 was publicly accessible on or before the priority date. PO 
Resp. 16. Patent Owner asserts that the Declaration of Mr. Lassman (the 
“Lassman Declaration”), upon which Petitioner relies to prove public 
accessibility of NCT ’653, is deficient in several respects. Id. 
 
Specifically, Patent Owner contends that: (1) Mr. Lassman is 
unqualified; (2) the Lassman Declaration never identifies the specific search 
parameters a person of skill in the art would have used to locate NCT ’653 
on the ClinicalTrials.gov website; and (3) other clinical trial registries 
existed in addition to ClinicalTrials.gov. PO Resp. 17–20. 
 
With respect to (1), Patent Owner notes that Mr. Lassman is a 
regulatory lawyer who has never been employed by NIH, the National 
Library of Medicine, FDA, nor any other entity responsible for managing the 
ClinicalTrials.gov database. PO Resp. 17. Patent Owner asserts that Mr. 
Lassman possesses none of the skills relevant to those of ordinary skill in the 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
43 
 
 
art and, in forming his opinion, did not consult anyone possessing those 
skills to discern how an ordinarily skilled artisan would have searched for 
NCT ’653. Id. at 17–18 (citing Ex. 2012, 41–42, 44–45, 66). 
 
With respect to (2), Patent Owner argues that Mr. Lassman attests that 
he was able to “locate[] the record for clinical study number 
NCT00965653,” but never explains how he did so or how many results he 
had to review to find this particular study. PO Resp. 18–19 (citing Ex. 1035 
¶ 29) (alteration in original). Patent Owner asserts that, rather than locate 
NCT ’653 through the type of search a person of ordinary skill in the art 
might have conducted, e.g., by searching for keywords such as 
“tocilizumab” or “rheumatoid arthritis,” Mr. Lassman located the study by 
searching for its number, viz., NCT00965653. Id. at 19 (citing Ex. 2012, 63, 
66). 
 
Patent Owner adds that the existence of a search function on 
ClinicalTrials.gov does not cure this alleged deficiency. PO Resp. 19. 
According to Patent Owner, keyword searches on sites such as 
ClinicalTrials.gov were “not always reliable because of lack of 
standardisation of drug names and health conditions,” which directly 
“contributed to the difficulty of using [those] websites.” Id. (quoting 
Ex. 2035, 3). Patent Owner states that searching for synonyms in 
ClinicalTrials.gov sometimes returned inconsistent results or none at all. Id. 
(citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 62, Ex. 2010, 136). 
 
Addressing (3), Patent Owner notes that Mr. Lassman testified that as 
of 2009, “a lot of companies had their own registries” hosted on independent 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
websites or “source[s] other than ClinicalTrials.gov,” and that other 
jurisdictions, such as Europe, also had their own registries. PO Resp. 20 
(citing Ex. 2012, 27, 29–30). Patent Owner argues that it is therefore 
uncertain that a skilled artisan, searching for clinical trials, would have 
necessarily looked to ClinicalTrials.gov as opposed to one of the many other 
registries available at the time. Id. at 21. 
 
With respect to Kivitz, Patent Owner contends that the subcutaneous 
administration devices taught by the reference administered only 40 mg of 
adalimumab in a volume of 0.8 ml or 50 mg of etanercept in a volume of 1 
ml. PO Resp. 22. Patent Owner points out that the challenged claims 
require a tocilizumab dose and concentration of more than three times 
greater than that disclosed by Kivitz. Patent Owner asserts that the lesson of 
Kivitz and NCT ’653 to those of ordinary skill in the art would be to divide 
the 162 mg fixed dose of tocilizumab among at least two subcutaneous 
administration devices, and not the single device claimed. Id. 
 
Patent Owner next points to the testimony of its expert, Dr. Silverman, 
who testifies that subcutaneous dosing regimens were riskier than 
intravenous (“IV”) dosing regimens because of both (i) the high 
concentrations required, and (ii) injecting a biological drug beneath the skin, 
increased the likelihood of an immunogenic reaction, tissue damage, and 
formation of neutralizing anti-drug antibodies. PO Resp. 22–23 (citing 
Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 24–25, 84–88 (citing Ex. 2030, 3, 6); Ex. 2020, 9). 
 
Patent Owner contends that, as of the priority date, “immunogenicity 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
45 
 
 
[was] not well understood, and the immunogenicity of a therapeutic protein 
[could] not be reliably predicted.” PO Resp. 23 (quoting Ex. 2020, 9) 
(alteration in original). Petitioner asserts that the prior art taught that 
tocilizumab could induce “anti-tocilizumab antibodies” in patients causing 
“hypersensitivity reactions leading to withdrawal” from a clinical trial. Id. 
(quoting Ex. 1069, 9). 
 
Patent Owner argues that, given the risk of an immunogenic response, 
the art taught that proteins like tocilizumab should be administered “(i) 
by … iv. [intravenous] injection rather than sc. [subcutaneous], (ii) as 
infrequently as possible, and (iii) in amounts just sufficient to maintain 
effective levels.” PO Resp. 24 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶ 87 (quoting Ex. 2030, 6)) 
(alterations in original). Patent Owner notes, however, that NCT ’653 
proposes the opposite, i.e., administering tocilizumab subcutaneously, more 
frequently (weekly or every other week instead of monthly), and at the same 
high concentration for all patients. Id. 
 
Turning to Morichika, Patent Owner argues that, although the 
reference sets out exemplary high-concentration tocilizumab formulations, it 
discloses no information about what kind of device should be used to 
administer 162 mg of tocilizumab in a single injection, or whether 
administration would be well tolerated and comfortable for the patient. PO 
Resp. 24. Patent Owner notes that Petitioner’s formulation expert, 
Dr. Dalby, acknowledged in his deposition that different administration 
devices can lead to different aggregation levels and different PK profiles. 
Id. (citing Ex. 2011, 84–85). 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
 
Patent Owner argues that Morichika is also ambiguous on the topic of 
viscosity, which is a concern for reasons of both patient comfort and ease of 
administration. PO Resp. 25 (citing Ex. 2005 ¶ 19). Patent Owner 
additionally contends that increased viscosity also may cause the drug to 
“pool” at the injection site, leading to adverse reactions, reduced 
bioavailability, and increased immunogenicity. Id. (citing Ex. 2005 ¶ 19; 
Ex. 2071, 1–2). According to Patent Owner, the claimed 162 mg dose was 
formulated with viscosity in mind; the Specification of the ’677 patent notes 
that “due to the higher concentration of tocilizumab” required by 
subcutaneous administration (180 mg/ml) compared to IV administration (20 
mg/ml), “the SC formulation was developed with regard to the effect of 
protein concentration on the injection force and [] viscosity [for] a standard 
syringe.” Id. (quoting Ex. 1001, col. 40, ll. 9–12) (alteration in original). 
Patent Owner asserts that Morichika mentions viscosity, but does so only in 
passing, stating that the viscosity of the solutions it lists are “[p]referably” 
“about 2~15 mPa-s, more preferably about 4~10 mPa-s.” Id. (quoting 
Ex. 1110 ¶ 55) (alteration in original). However, Patent Owner contends, 
Morichika does not teach how to achieve these viscosities, and does not 
explain what effect different viscosities in the broad ranges it discloses 
would have on ease of administration of patient comfort. Id. at 25–26. 
 
Patent Owner next argues a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
not have had a realistic expectation of success that the recited 162 mg fixed 
dose would successfully treat an IL-6 mediated disease like RA. PO 
Resp. 26. Patent Owner argues that its own declarant, Dr. Samara, testified 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
that he has never seen subcutaneous dosing regimen selected using the sort 
of composite data Petitioner’s declarant Dr. Shah, suggests. Id. (citing 
Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 43–59). And Patent Owner points out that Dr. Boers, 
Petitioner’s rheumatology expert, agreed in his deposition that Dr. Shah’s 
averaging approach was not standard, and that he was unable to identify any 
antibody dosing regimen developed based on that sort of analysis. Id. at 27–
28 (citing Ex. 2010, 110–111). Patent Owner asserts that the modeling work 
it announced conducting involved proprietary PK data specific to 
tocilizumab, and did not rely on the sort of composite information that 
Dr. Shah uses. Id. at 28 (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 46–48). 
 
Dr. Samara further testifies that utilizing an averaging approach, as 
Dr. Shah does, would be especially unsuitable for tocilizumab, because the 
non-linear PK profile it produces would mean that the correlation between 
dose and response is unpredictable. PO Resp. 28. Dr. Samara also opines 
that Dr. Shah adds to this uncertainty by using averaging to derive PK 
properties that are themselves unpredictable. Id. (citing Ex. 2006 ¶ 50). 
 
Patent Owner contends that, to a person of ordinary skill in the art, 
subcutaneous dosing regimens for antibodies like tocilizumab are the 
product of extensive empirical testing by a team of scientists aiming to 
balance safety, efficacy, patient convenience, and other factors. PO 
Resp. 29 (citing Ex. 2006 ¶ 34). Patent Owner contends that even when 
empirical testing produces reliable data on an antibody’s PK and PD profile, 
success in designing a subcutaneous dosing regimen is hardly guaranteed, as 
demonstrated by the examples of rituximab and trastuzumab illustrate the 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
48 
 
 
point. Id. at 31 (citing Ex. 2006 ¶ 49). Patent Owner argues that, 
collectively, the IV to SC bridging studies from these drugs demonstrate the 
unpredictability and extensive experimentation necessary for developing a 
successful subcutaneous dosing regimen. Id. (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 49, 52). 
Patent Owner notes that Dr. Samara opines that a skilled artisan would have 
been well aware of the potential for such complications in November 2010. 
Id. (citing Ex. 2006 ¶¶ 49, 53). 
 
4. Petitioner’s Reply and Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply 
 
Petitioner replies, with respect to NCT ’653’s public availability, that 
based upon his testimony, it is indisputable that Mr. Lassman has personal 
knowledge of how the ClinicalTrials.gov website function in 2010. Pet. 
Reply 11. Petitioner also argues that Mr. Lassman described in detail how 
ClinicalTrials.gov facilitated public access to clinical trial records and 
proffered a wealth of evidence establishing that NCT ’653 was published on 
ClinicalTrials.gov more than one year prior to the earliest possible filing 
date of the ’264 patent. Id. at 12 (citing Ex. 1035; Ex. 1137 ¶¶ 3–12). 
 
Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner’s argument that searching on 
ClinicalTrials.gov could be unreliable “because of a lack of standardization 
of drug names” is irrelevant, because the name Actemra® had already been 
approved, and its non-proprietary name of “tocilizumab” had already been 
standardized internationally by the applicable regulatory authorities. Pet. 
Reply 13 (citing Ex. 1010, 2; Ex. 1024, 1; Ex. 1006, 24). Petitioner notes 
that its expert, Dr. Boers, testified that a person of ordinary skill in the art 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
would have “adjust[ed] the keywords” and “play[ed] around with the 
specifics of the search machine to get what you want” but “after a while” 
would “come up with satisfactory conclusions.” Id. (citing Ex. 2010, 136). 
 
Petitioner also contends that Patent Owner’s argument that a skilled 
artisan may have used registries other than ClinicalTrials.gov to search for 
clinical trials using subcutaneous tocilizumab is irrelevant to the analysis. 
Pet. Reply 14. According to Petitioner, the Lassman Declaration establishes 
that ClinicalTrial.gov was established for the express purpose of facilitating 
public access to clinical trial records. Id. (citing Ex. 1035 ¶ 14; Ex. 1137, 
¶ 4). 
 
Turning to the combination of NCT ’653, Kivitz, and Morichika, 
Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s argument ignores the fact that the 
claims do not require any specific concentration of antibody, or a specific 
formulation, and that the Specification of the ’677 patent discloses a variety 
of formulations, suggesting that it would require only routine skill to arrive 
at a usable formulation. Pet. Reply 18 (citing Ex. 1140 ¶¶ 7–9; Ex. 1001, 
cols. 22–25, ll. 5–17; Ex. 1135, 14–15; Ex. 1134, 15–17). 
 
Petitioner reiterates that Kivitz is relied upon to show the reasons, 
backed by a clinical study, why many RA patients favored subcutaneous 
auto-injectors like the Humira Pen and Sure-Click device over any other 
device for delivering weekly and biweekly antibody (and other biologic) 
treatments for RA. Pet. Reply 19. Petitioner argues that the detailed 
explanations of the advantages of auto-injectors to RA patients would have 
motivated a person of ordinary skill in the art to use an auto-injector as the 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
50 
 
 
“subcutaneous administration device” in the protocol of NCT ’653, which 
involved the treatment of RA patients. Id. 
 
With respect to Morichika, Petitioner argues that, contrary to Patent 
Owner’s arguments, there is no “single injection” limitation in the claims, 
nor are the devices limited to those that are “well tolerated” or 
“comfortable” for the patient. Pet. Reply 19. Petitioner asserts that 
Morichika discloses a 180 mg/ml formulation of tocilizumab, which equates 
to 0.9 ml, that Patent Owner acknowledges can readily be administered via 
an auto-injector in a single injection. Id. at 20 (citing PO Resp. 7; see Ex. 
1110 ¶ 53). Petitioner notes that Kivitz teaches that patients rated the auto-
injector highly because it caused less pain, had a lower injection time, was 
safer and easier and more convenient, i.e., better tolerated and more 
comfortable to use than subcutaneous syringe devices. Id. (citing Ex. 1050, 
112–114, Fig. 3). 
 
Petitioner also argues that Patent Owner’s arguments that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would not be motivated to use the Morichika high-
concentration formulation in an auto-injector out of concern that instability 
(e.g., aggregation) and high viscosity would create dangerous 
immunogenicity when the formulation is administered subcutaneously relies 
on prior-art teachings that have nothing to do with tocilizumab. Pet. 
Reply 20. Petitioner points out the only prior-art reference of record that 
discusses the stability and viscosity of high-concentration formulations of 
tocilizumab is Morichika, which teaches that the formulation is both highly 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
51 
 
 
stable and has a viscosity that is ideally suited to subcutaneous 
administration. Id. (citing Ex. 1140 ¶¶ 15–30). 
 
Petitioner also points out that Patent Owner’s argument a skilled 
artisan would not have had a “reasonable expectation” that the Morichika 
formulation would be stable, i.e., not aggregate, when stored in a 
subcutaneous administration device contradicts its earlier representations to 
the USPTO. Pet. Reply 21. Petitioner states that Morichika is Patent 
Owner’s own patent publication, and Patent Owner is effectively contending 
that its own Specification would not have enabled a person of ordinary skill 
in the art to make a stable, high-concentration formulation of tocilizumab 
that would not aggregate, despite the fact that Patent Owner sought, and 
obtained, claims in the U.S. to a “stable liquid formulation” of tocilizumab 
(a.k.a. MRA) “suitable for subcutaneous administration comprising 180 
mg/ml” antibody using the same specification as Morichika. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1112, 16). Petitioner contends that Patent Owner is also effectively 
asserting that a skilled artisan would not believe the test data presented by its 
own inventors in Morichika showing that the formulation was stable and did 
not aggregate (dimerize) under typical accelerated storage test conditions, 
despite Morichika’s statement that the disclosed formulations were 
“especially suited for subcutaneous administration” to “humans.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1115, 322–24; Ex. 1110 ¶ 53). 
 
Petitioner asserts that Patent Owner similarly argues that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have been concerned that the Morichika 
formulation would be too viscous. Pet. Reply 22 (citing PO Resp. 25–26). 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
52 
 
 
Again, Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s own inventors stated in 
Morichika that the “preferable” viscosity of the disclosed formulations 
was “about 2-15 mPa-s” and the “more preferabl[e]” viscosity was “about 4–
10 mPa-s.” Id. (citing Ex. 1110 ¶ 55). Petitioner asserts that a person of 
skill in the art would have had no reason to doubt that the disclosed 
formulations and examples achieve, or could be adapted with routine 
optimization to achieve, these viscosities. Id. (citing Ex. 1140 ¶¶ 26–27). 
 
Finally, argues Petitioner, Patent Owner ignores its own public 
statements that a subcutaneous version of Actemra® was “in development,” 
and that in its view the “preferred” form of Actemra® was “thought to be 
subcutaneous formulation.” Pet. Reply 23 (citing Pet. 40). Petitioner also 
points to the other two clinical trial protocols for subcutaneous tocilizumab 
that it published prior to the priority date, both of which administer 162 mg 
of tocilizumab weekly or biweekly in 0.9 ml “pre-filled syringes.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1131; Ex. 1132; Ex. 1139 ¶ 52). Petitioner maintains that these 
statements and publications by Patent Owner would have supported the 
expectation of a skilled artisan that an auto-injector (and other subcutaneous 
administration devices) containing 162 mg of tocilizumab formulated for 
subcutaneous injection could successfully be made. Id. 
 
Patent Owner responds that Morichika does not test the safety or 
efficacy of its formulations in humans, animals, or even cells. PO Sur-
Reply 8. Patent Owner further contends that NCT ’653 does not disclose 
any data with the 162 mg SC dose. Id. Patent Owner argues that 
Petitioner’s position that a skilled artisan would have prepared an untested, 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
highly concentrated subcutaneous formulation, for an untested dosage and 
administration route, and combined it with an administration device that 
contains and delivers that formulation to patients is illogical. Id. 
 
Patent Owner also argues that Petitioner’s formulation expert, 
Dr. Dalby, never addresses the potential pharmacokinetic issues (such as 
bioavailability and absorption) that concededly arise from even small 
changes in a formulation. PO Sur-Reply 11. He acknowledges that 
Morichika does not discuss the bioavailability or absorption of the 
formulations disclosed, and that his only basis for concluding a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would dismiss all of the known concerns about 
subcutaneous formulations is Morichika’s statement that its formulations can 
be “prepared for administration to animals such as humans,” Id. at 11–12 
(citing Ex. 2081, 105–107:2; Ex. 1140 ¶ 17 (citing Ex. 1110 ¶ 13)). 
 
5. 
Analysis 
We conclude that Petitioner has demonstrated, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that claims 1–8 of the ’677 patent would have been obvious 
over the combination of NCT ’653, Kivitz, and Morichika. 
As an initial matter, we find that NCT ’653 was publicly accessible as 
of the priority date of the ’677 patent. Whether a reference qualifies as a 
“printed publication” is a legal conclusion based on underlying factual 
findings. Nobel Biocare Servs. AG v. Instradent USA, Inc., 903 F.3d 1365, 
1375 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (citing Jazz Pharm., Inc. v. Amneal Pharm., LLC, 895 
F.3d 1347, 1356 (Fed. Cir. 2018)). The underlying factual findings include 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
54 
 
 
whether the reference was publicly accessible. Nobel, 903 F.3d at 1375 
(citing In re NTP, Inc., 654 F.3d 1279, 1296 (Fed. Cir. 2011)). 
We find that Mr. Lassman credibly testifies that he is extensively 
familiar with the ClinicalTrials.gov website and, additionally, worked on 
drafting the statute that expanded and governed Clinicaltrials.gov. Ex. 1137 
(citing Ex. 1035 ¶¶ 6, 9). Mr. Lassman testifies that “Clinicaltrials.gov is a 
site designed to be used by members of the public, not by experts. The site 
is designed to require less skill in searching clinical trial records than a 
POSA would have had.” Id. ¶ 4 (emphasis omitted). More to the point: 
On February 29, 2000, Clinicaltrials.gov was launched by NIH 
in fulfillment of the above-described statutory requirement for a 
clinical trials registry. When it was launched, the site was 
described by NIH as “a consumer-friendly database … with 
information on more than 4,000 federal and private medical 
studies involving patients and others at more than 47,000 
locations nationwide.” NIH confirmed that the site was intended 
to “provide[] patients, families and members of the public easy 
access to information about the location of clinical trials, their 
design and purpose, criteria for participation, and, in many cases, 
further information about the disease and treatment under study.” 
Ex. 1035 ¶ 14 (quoting Ex. 1063, internal citation omitted) (alteration in 
original). 
 
We do not agree with Patent Owner’s argument that Mr. Lassman is 
not qualified to opine with respect to this subject matter, given Mr. 
Lassman’s intimate knowledge of, and experience with, the 
ClinicalTrials.gov website. See Ex. 1035 ¶ 6. Moreover, the NIH press 
release quoted in the passage above, expressly states that the website 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
55 
 
 
provides easy access to information concerning clinical trials to “patients, 
families and members of the public.” See Ex. 1063. We thus credit Mr. 
Lassman’s testimony that NCT ’653 was publicly accessible on the 
ClinicalTrials.gov website as of the priority date of the ’677 patent. 
 
Turning to the merits, we find that independent claims 1 and 5, as well 
as dependent claims 2–4 and 6–8 are not limited by any requirement for a 
showing of the efficacy or safety of administering tocilizumab. The claims 
are expressly directed to an article of manufacture, specifically a 
subcutaneous administration device, and not a method of treatment or even 
administration of the drug. As we explained in our claim construction (see 
Section II.B.3 supra) the functional portion of the language of the claims 
requires only that the claimed device be “capable of containing and 
delivering the 162 mg fixed dose subcutaneously” without further limitation. 
Whether or not the dose delivered is efficacious in the treatment of RA is 
immaterial to this apparatus claim. Consequently, we need not reach the 
parties’ arguments with respect to whether the claims require a certain level 
of efficacy. 
As we explained in Section II.D.3 above, NCT ’653 teaches 
subcutaneous administration of a 162 mg fixed dose of tocilizumab, but does 
not expressly identify any device that is used to deliver the drug 
subcutaneously. See Ex. 1004, 6. Kivitz teaches the use of an autoinjection 
pen delivery system for the subcutaneous injection of adalimumab, a fully 
human monoclonal antibody for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis that is 
similar to tocilizumab. Ex. 1050, Abstr. Kivitz teaches that: 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
56 
 
 
The long-term efficacy of any therapy, particularly a biological 
therapy, is significantly influenced by the degree of adherence to 
the therapeutic regimen. However, adherence rates tend to be low 
in chronic diseases, such as RA, and the route of administration 
can affect adherence to therapy. Therefore, patients with RA and 
similar diseases need an easy-to-use and convenient delivery 
device that minimizes pain and facilitates adherence, ultimately 
helping to maximize therapeutic outcomes. 
Ex. 1050, 110 (internal references omitted). Kivitz teaches that its 
HUMIRA® autoinjection pen is an FDA-approved device and contains a 
fixed dose of adalimumab 40 mg in a 0.8 ml solution, a volume suitable for 
subcutaneous injection. Id. at 110, 111–112. Kivitz teaches that “the 
adalimumab Pen appears to be a suitable option for the delivery of safe and 
effective long-term treatment for RA, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing 
spondylitis” and concludes that: 
The adalimumab autoinjection Pen represents the newest 
advance in delivery systems available for the administration of 
biological therapy. Despite the few limitations of the data 
provided in the TOUCH study, the fact that such a large majority 
of patients favored the Pen provides more than enough evidence 
to support its use as an important delivery option for adalimumab 
therapy. Moreover, patients can choose a delivery device that 
suits their personal needs and preferences, owing to the 
continued availability of both the prefilled syringe and the Pen. 
This opportunity for individualized treatment may encourage 
adherence to therapy, which is likely to have a positive impact 
on long-term clinical outcomes. 
Id. at 114. 
 
Kivitz thus teaches a popular subcutaneous delivery device for self-
injection that is capable of containing and delivering a fixed dose of 40 mg 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
57 
 
 
of adalimumab subcutaneously. Independent claims 1 and 5 of the ’677 
patent require a considerably larger fixed dose of tocilizumab, viz., 162 mg. 
A person of ordinary skill in the art, seeking to combine the teachings of 
NCT ’563 and Kivitz, would have modified the subcutaneous delivery 
device taught by Kivitz to deliver the larger, 162 mg fixed dose of 
tocilizumab recited in the claims. 
Morichika is an International Patent Application, WO 2009/084659 
A1, assigned to Patent Owner, and is prior art to the ’677 patent. Ex. 1110, 
code (71). Morichika is directed to “a stable, highly concentrated antibody-
containing formulation suitable for subcutaneous administration, in in which 
dimer formation and deamidation are suppressed during long-term storage.” 
Ex. 1110 ¶ 7. Morichika teaches that adding arginine or its salt, which is an 
amino acid, as a stabilizer can produce a stable antibody-containing solution 
formulation at a high concentration. Id. ¶ 8. Morichika teaches that its 
concentrated highly antibody-containing preparation does not require 
reconstitution by lyophilization and does not require redissolution and that 
can be stably stored in solution for a long period of time and can be 
manufactured without a lyophilization step. Id. ¶ 10. Morichika teaches 
that: 
The highest concentration of the antibody concentration of the 
antibody-containing solution formulation of the present 
invention is generally 300 mg/mL, preferably 250 mg/mL, and 
even more preferably 200 mg/mL, from the viewpoint of 
manufacturing. Therefore, the antibody concentration of the 
highly concentrated antibody solution formulation of the present 
invention is preferably 50–300 mg/mL, and even more 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
58 
 
 
preferably 100–300 mg/mL, and even more preferably 120–250 
mg/mL, and especially 150–200 mg/mL. 
Id. ¶ 15 (emphasis added). 
 
Morichika also teaches exemplary embodiments of its claimed 
compositions, specifically, it discloses a stable formulation containing an 
anti-IL-6 receptor humanized antibody (tocilizumab is one such) at a 
concentration of 180 mg/ml. Ex. 1110 ¶¶ 61–87. Morichika also teaches 
that its compositions have a viscosity of 2 to 15 mPa-s, “[p]referably” “about 
2~15 mPa-s, more preferably about 4~10 mPa-s.” Id. ¶¶ 9, 55. 
 
We agree with Petitioner that it would have been obvious to a person 
of ordinary skill in the art to modify the autoinjector pen of Kivitz, which is 
designed to deliver a subcutaneous dose of a fully human monoclonal 
antibody for the treatment of RA to contain and subcutaneously deliver the 
fixed dose of 162 mg tocilizumab, as taught by NCT ’653. See Pet. 36–38. 
We further agree with Petitioner that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have been motivated to thus modify Kivitz, because Kivitz teaches 
that its device is popular with patients and easy to use and consequently 
increases compliance with the treatment regimen. See id. at 38–41. 
 
We also agree with Petitioner that an ordinarily skilled artisan would 
also have had a reasonable expectation of success in combining the 
references, because Morichika teaches formulations of anti-IL-6 receptor 
human antibodies (such as tocilizumab) that are suitable for subcutaneous 
injection and at concentrations that meet or exceed the 162 mg fixed dose 
recited in the challenged claims. See Ex. 1110, 2. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
59 
 
 
 
Patent Owner disagrees that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have been motivated to combine the references, or have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so. See PO Resp. 21–26. Patent Owner 
contends that subcutaneous injection of a high concentration of antibodies at 
the low volumes required for subcutaneous injection (approximately 1.0 
milliliter) would have posed significant problems that would have 
discouraged a person of ordinary skill in the art from attempting to combine 
the references to arrive at the invention claimed in the ’677 patent. 
Specifically, Patent Owner contends that a skilled artisan would have 
been deterred by problems well-known in the art, including “aggregation, 
stability, immunogenicity, and delivery at antibody concentrations above 
100 mg/mL.” See PO Resp. 22. Patent Owner’s expert, Dr. Silverman, 
opines that subcutaneous dosing regimens were riskier than IV dosing 
regimens because both (i) the high concentrations required, and (ii) injecting 
that drug beneath the skin, increased the likelihood of an immunogenic 
reaction, tissue damage, and formation of neutralizing anti-drug antibodies. 
See Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 24–25, 84–88. 
Patent Owner also argues that Morichika’s teachings are ambiguous. 
See PO Resp. 24. According to Patent Owner, Morichika sets out exemplary 
high-concentration tocilizumab formulations, but discloses no information 
about what kind of device should be used to administer 162 mg of 
tocilizumab in a single injection, or whether administration using that 
(unnamed) device would be well tolerated and comfortable for the patient. 
Id. Similarly, Patent Owner argues, Morichika’s teachings on viscosity are 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
60 
 
 
equally vague. Id. at 25. Patent Owner acknowledges that Morichika 
teaches that its composition’s viscosities are “[p]referably” “about 2~15 
mPa-s, more preferably about 4~10 mPa-s,” but argues that Morichika says 
nothing about how to achieve these viscosities, and it does not explain what 
effect different viscosities in the broad ranges it discloses would have on 
ease of administration of patient comfort. Id. at 25–26 (quoting Ex. 1110 
¶ 55) (alteration in original). 
We do not agree with Patent Owner’s arguments. Although we agree 
with Patent Owner that the prior art taught subcutaneous administration of 
high-concentrations of antibodies posed some risk of aggregation and 
immunogenicity, nevertheless, NCT ’653 expressly teaches the 
subcutaneous injection of 162 mg tocilizumab in a clinical trial. As we 
explained in our claim construction, we do not limit the language reciting the 
claimed device to require only a single injection in delivering the 162 mg 
fixed dose. See Section II.B.3 supra. Nor do we construe the claims to 
require the injection to be comfortable for the patient. Id. Although that 
would have been desirable, the plain language of the claims do not support 
such a construction. 
In summary, subcutaneous injection of a 162 mg fixed dose of 
tocilizumab had been performed in the NCT ’653 clinical trial prior to the 
priority date of the ’677 patent. Subcutaneous injection self-evidently 
requires a device designed to contain and deliver the 162 mg fixed dose. 
Kivitz and Morichika together support the Petitioner’s position that a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would understand that a subcutaneous injection 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
61 
 
 
device could deliver a high concentration of human anti-IL-6 human 
antibodies in a volume suitable for subcutaneous injection (approximately 1 
milliliter). We consequently conclude that Petitioner has met its burden of 
showing, by a preponderance of the evidence of record, that claims 1–8 of 
the ’677 patent are obvious over the combined teachings of NCT ’653, 
Kivitz, and Morichika. 
 
F. 
Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude Evidence 
 
Petitioner has also moved to exclude Patent Owner’s Exhibits 2005, 
2006, 2009, 2034, 2065, 2080, 2081, and 2083. Mot. Exclude 1. Because 
we find that Petitioner has met its burden of showing, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that claims 1–8 are unpatentable, we need not reach 
Petitioner’s arguments in support of its Motion to Exclude, and we dismiss 
the Motion as moot. 
 
III. CONCLUSION 
For the reasons we have set forth above, and after having analyzed the 
entirety of the record and assigning appropriate weight to the evidence cited 
by Petitioner and Patent Owner, we determine that Petitioner has 
established, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1–8 of the ’677 
patent are unpatentable. Furthermore, because we conclude that Petitioner 
has met its burden in this inter partes review, we dismiss Petitioner’s 
Motion to Exclude Evidence as moot. 
 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
62 
 
 
IV. 
ORDER 
Accordingly, it is 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–8 of the ’677 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot; 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2.16 
 
 
16 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged 
claims in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the 
issuance of this Final Written Decision, we draw Patent Owner’s 
attention to the April 2019 Notice Regarding Options for Amendments 
by Patent Owner Through Reissue or Reexamination During a Pending 
AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If 
Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application or a request for 
reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent Owner of its 
continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related matters in 
updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
63 
 
 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)
/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 5 
102 
NCT ’563 
 
1, 5 
1–8 
103 
NCT ’563, 
Kivitz, 
Morichika 
1–8 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2022-00579 
Patent 10,874,677 B1 
 
 
 
64 
 
 
PETITIONER: 
Lora M. Green 
Yahn-Lin Chu 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
lgreen@geminilaw.com 
fchu@geminilaw.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Thomas S. Fletcher 
David I. Berl 
WILLIAMS & CONNOLLY LLP 
tfletcher@wc.com 
dberl@wc.com