--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 70 
571-272-7822 
Entered: July 28, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
MYLAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC., TEVA PHARMACEUTICALS 
USA, INC., and INVAGEN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
Petitioners, 
 
v. 
 
BAYER PHARMA AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT, 
Patent Owner. 
_______________ 
 
IPR2022-005171 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
 
Before TINA E. HULSE, ROBERT A. POLLOCK, and RYAN H. FLAX, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
HULSE, Administrative Patent Judge. 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 
1 IPR2022-01513 and IPR2022-01515 have been joined with this 
proceeding. 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
2 
I. INTRODUCTION 
Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc. (“Mylan”) filed a Petition requesting 
inter partes review of claims 1–8 of U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’310 Patent”), owned by Bayer Pharma Aktiengesellschaft 
(“Patent Owner”). Paper 1 (“Pet.”). Upon considering the Petition, 
Preliminary Response (Paper 11), Petitioner’s Reply to Patent Owner’s 
Preliminary Response (Paper 13), and Patent Owner’s Sur-Reply (Paper 14), 
we instituted an inter partes review of the challenged claims of the ’310 
patent. Paper 15 (“Dec. Inst.” or “Institution Decision”). 
Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (“Teva”) and Invagen 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Invagen”) both filed substantively identical petitions 
to Mylan’s Petition along with Motions for Joinder to join this proceeding. 
IPR2022-01513, Papers 1, 3 (Teva Petition and Motion); IPR2022-01515, 
Papers 1, 3 (Invagen Petition and Motion). In light of the Stipulation 
Concerning Joinder reached by the parties (see, e.g., IPR2022-01513, 
Paper 9), we granted both petitions and joined those proceedings with this 
proceeding. See Papers 32 (Invagen), 33 (Teva). For the sake of simplicity, 
we collectively refer to Mylan, Teva, and Invagen as “Petitioner,” unless 
stated otherwise. 
After institution, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition 
(Paper 36, “PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Corrected Reply (Paper 52, “Pet. 
Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 56, “PO Sur-reply”). 
Petitioner also filed a Motion to Exclude Evidence (Paper 59), to 
which Patent Owner filed an Opposition (Paper 61), and Petitioner filed a 
Reply (Paper 62). 
An oral hearing was held on May 10, 2023. A transcript of the 
hearing has been entered in the record. Paper 67 (“Tr.”). 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
3 
We have authority under 35 U.S.C. § 6. We issue this Final Written 
Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the reasons 
that follow, we determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–8 of the ’310 patent are unpatentable. 
A. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Mylan identifies itself and also Mylan Inc. and Viatris Inc. as real 
parties-in-interest. Pet. 1–2. 
Teva identifies itself as the real party-in-interest of IPR2022-01513. 
See IPR2022-01513, Paper 2, 1. 
Invagen identifies itself and Cipla (ET Limited), Cipla Limited, and 
Cipla USA Inc. as the real parties-in-interest of IPR2022-01515. See 
IPR2022-01515, Paper 1, 2. 
Patent Owner (a/k/a Bayer AG) identifies itself and also Bayer 
Pharma AG and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as real parties-in-interest. 
Paper 5, 2. 
B. 
Related Proceedings 
As of the June 26, 2023, filing of its Seventh Updated Mandatory 
Notices, Patent Owner discloses that it has asserted the ’310 patent in the 
following proceedings, which Patent Owner identifies as matters that may 
affect, or may be affected by, a decision in this proceeding: 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Lupin Limited, No. 21-314-RGA (D. Del.) 
(consolidated) (“Lupin Action”) 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., No. 21-732-
RGA (D. Del.), consolidated with the Lupin Action 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., No. 21-
1000-RGA (D. Del.), consolidated with the Lupin Action 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
4 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., No. 21-
1001-RGA (D. Del.), consolidated with the Lupin Action 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc., No. 21-99-TSK 
(N.D.W.V.), which was transferred to the U.S. District Court for 
the District of Delaware in connection with the multi-district 
litigation proceedings identified below and is now designated as 
No. 21-1742-RGA (D. Del.) 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc., No. 22-63-JPB 
(N.D.W.V.), which was transferred to the U.S. District Court for 
the District of Delaware in connection with the multi-district 
litigation proceedings identified below and is now designated as 
No. 22-1228-RGA (D. Del.) 
• In re: Xarelto (Rivaroxaban) (’310) Patent Litigation, MDL No. 
21-3017-RGA (D. Del.), multi-district litigation proceedings 
involving the actions identified above 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Apotex Inc., No. 22-01596-RGA (D. Del.) 
• Bayer Intellectual Property GmbH v. Biocon Pharma Ltd., No. 23-
00334-RGA (D. Del.) 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., No. 23-
00410-RGA (D. Del.) 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., No. 23-
00551-RGA (D. Del.) 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Auson Pharmaceuticals Inc., No. 23-03020-
EP (D.N.J.) 
• Bayer Pharma AG v. Macleods Pharmaceuticals Ltd., No. 23-
00665-RGA (D. Del.) 
• Bayer Intellectual Property GmbH v. Indoco Remedies Limited, 
No. 23-00690-UNA (D. Del.) 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
5 
See Paper 69, 2–5; see also Paper 40, 2 (Petitioner’s updated 
mandatory notices listing related cases as of December 14, 2022).2 
C. 
The ’310 Patent 
The ’310 Patent relates to methods of treating or preventing 
cardiovascular events in patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease, 
coronary artery disease (“CAD”), and/or peripheral artery disease (“PAD”). 
Ex. 1001, 1:16–19. Both CAD and PAD are caused by atherosclerosis, 
which occurs when plaque builds up in arteries and narrows or blocks blood 
flow to various regions of the body. Id. at 1:65–67. According to the ’310 
Patent, CAD is the most common type of heart disease and occurs when 
plaque builds up in the heart’s arteries. Id. at 1:49–54. If blood flow to the 
heart becomes reduced or blocked, angina (i.e., chest pain) or a myocardial 
infarction (i.e., heart attack) may occur. Id. at 1:54–55. PAD results from 
narrowing of the arteries to the limbs and head, causing symptoms such as 
pain in the legs or buttocks when exercising, or causing a stroke if there is 
blockage of vessels in the neck. Id. at 1:57–62. 
Patients with CAD or PAD are at high risk for major cardiovascular 
events, such as myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular death. Id. 
at 2:1–3. Antiplatelet therapy, such as aspirin alone or in combination with 
newer antiplatelet agents such as clopidogrel, is often used in patients with 
CAD. Id. at 2:23–26. In PAD, the “mainstay of treatment” includes use of a 
 
2 We note Petitioner’s Updated Mandatory Notice of December 14, 2022, 
identified Bayer Pharma AG v. USV Private Ltd., No. 22-05485-EP (D.N.J.) 
as a related case. Paper 40, 2. The Private case appears on Patent Owner’s 
Sixth Updated Mandatory Notice (Paper 68, 3), but not the Seventh 
(Paper 69). We assume the Private case settled or terminated between the 
filings of Patent Owner’s Sixth Mandatory Notice and its Seventh. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
6 
single antiplatelet agent daily to prevent major cardiovascular events. Id. at 
2:15–17. 
Rivaroxaban is a selective inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa and 
serves as an anticoagulant for treatment and prevention of thromboembolic 
disorders. Id. at 1:23–42. According to the ’310 Patent, “[a]nticoagulant 
therapies until the present invention have not been shown to the satisfaction 
of governmental health authorities to be superior to antiplatelet therapy in 
PAD and have been rejected as having unacceptably high rates of major 
bleeding.” Id. at 2:3–7. As such, the ’310 Patent states “there is still a need 
for new approaches to improve health outcomes in CAD and PAD patients.” 
Id. at 2:27–29. 
The ’310 Patent describes a study that evaluated the potential benefit 
of rivaroxaban in patients with cardiovascular disease called the “Anti-Xa 
Therapy to Lower Cardiovascular Events in Addition to Standard Therapy in 
Subjects with Acute Coronary Syndrome 2—Thrombolysis in Myocardial 
Infarction 51” (ATLAS ACS 2-TIMI 51) trial (i.e., “the ATLAS trial”). Id. 
at 3:12–17. The ’310 Patent states the ATLAS trial administered 2.5 mg or 
5 mg of rivaroxaban twice daily in addition to single or dual antiplatelet 
therapy in patients with recent acute coronary syndrome. Id. at 3:18–21. 
The dose of 2.5 mg rivaroxaban twice daily resulted in a lower rate of major 
adverse cardiovascular events and lower mortality than placebo. Id. at 3:21–
24. 
The ’310 Patent states that the findings presented in the Specification 
were obtained from a phase III clinical trial “evaluating the efficacy and 
safety of rivaroxaban (Xarelto®) for the prevention of major adverse cardiac 
events including cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction and stroke in 
patients with CAD or PAD” (referred to as “the COMPASS trial”). Id. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
7 
at 3:27–31. The Specification states the results are also reported in the New 
England Journal of Medicine in an article entitled, “Rivaroxaban with or 
without aspirin in stable cardiovascular disease.” Id. at 3:32–34. According 
to the Specification, “[t]he invention concerns the discovery that 
combination therapy of rivaroxaban and aspirin administered to patients with 
stable atherosclerotic vascular disease, including coronary artery disease 
and/or peripheral artery disease, shows efficacy in reducing the risk of 
myocardial infarction, stroke, and/or cardiovascular death.” Id. at 3:47–52. 
The Specification also states that “this combination therapy does not result 
in unacceptable bleeding, such as an unacceptably high risk of fatal bleeding 
or bleeding in critical organs.” Id. at 3:52–55. 
D. 
Illustrative Claim 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–8 of the ’310 Patent, of which claims 1 
and 5 are independent. Claim 1 is illustrative and is reproduced below: 
1. A method of reducing the risk of myocardial infarction, 
stroke or cardiovascular death in a human patient with coronary 
artery disease and/or peripheral artery disease, comprising 
administering to the human patient rivaroxaban and aspirin in 
amounts that are clinically proven effective in reducing the risk 
of myocardial infarction, stroke or cardiovascular death in a 
human patient with coronary artery disease and/or peripheral 
arterial disease, wherein the rivaroxaban is administered in an 
amount of 2.5 mg twice daily and aspirin is administered in an 
amount of 75-100 mg daily. 
 
Ex. 1001, 18:56–65. Independent claim 5 differs from claim 1 only in 
specifying that “a first product comprising rivaroxaban and aspirin” and “a 
second product comprising rivaroxaban” are administered. Id. at 19:5–17. 
Claims 2, 3, and 4 depend from independent claim 1 and recite the 
administered aspirin at an amount of “100 mg daily,” “81 mg daily,” and 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
8 
“75 mg daily,” respectively. Id. at 18:66–19:4. Claims 6, 7, and 8 depend 
from independent claim 5 and further require the “first product” of claim 5 
(i.e., a combination of rivaroxaban and aspirin) to comprise “75 mg aspirin,” 
“81 mg aspirin,” and “100 mg aspirin,” respectively. Id. at 19:18–24. 
E. 
The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–8 of the ’310 Patent are unpatentable 
on the following grounds: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §3 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–4 
102 
EMA4 
1–8 
103 
EMA 
1–2 
102 
Foley5 
1–2, 5, 8 
103 
Foley 
3–4, 6–7 
103 
Foley and Plosker6 
Petitioner relies upon, inter alia, the Declarations of Dr. Randall 
Zusman, M.D. (Ex. 1002; Ex. 1037). Patent Owner relies upon, inter alia, 
the Declaration of Dr. Jeffrey Weitz, M.D. (Ex. 2060). 
II. ANALYSIS 
Petitioner bears the burden of proving unpatentability of the 
challenged claims, and that burden of persuasion never shifts to Patent 
Owner. Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 
 
3 Because the claims at issue have an effective filing date after March 16, 
2013, the effective date of the applicable provisions of the Leahy Smith 
America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 Stat. 284 (2011) (“AIA”), we 
apply the AIA versions of 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103 in this Decision. Our 
decision, however, is not impacted by which version of the statute applies. 
4 European Medicines Agency, Assessment Report, Xarelto, 
EMA/CHMP/794349/2012 (2013). Ex. 1005 (“EMA”). 
5 Foley et al., Antithrombotic Therapy in Peripheral Artery Disease, 21 
VASCULAR MED. 156–69 (2016). Ex. 1006 (“Foley”). 
6 Plosker, Rivaroxaban: A Review of Its Use in Acute Coronary Syndromes, 
74 DRUGS 451–64 (2014). Ex 1007 (“Plosker”). 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
9 
1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). To prevail, Petitioner must prove unpatentability by 
a preponderance of the evidence.7 See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.1(d) (2019). 
A. 
Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, we consider the 
type of problems encountered in the art, the prior art solutions to those 
problems, the rapidity with which innovations are made, the sophistication 
of the technology, and the educational level of active workers in the field. 
Custom Accessories, Inc. v. Jeffrey-Allan Indus., Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 
(Fed. Cir. 1986). 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) 
would have would have had “the equivalent of an M.D. degree, knowledge, 
and experience regarding the diagnosis and treatment of patients with CAD 
and PAD, including administering antiplatelet and anticoagulant agents to 
such patients.” Pet. 10 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 50–52, 89–95). Moreover, 
Petitioner contends that the POSA “could work in consultation with other 
specialists, including, e.g., a clinical pharmacologist, hematologist, vascular 
surgeon, interventionalist, medicinal chemist, pharmaceutical chemist, 
statistician, or a pharmacist depending on each patient’s needs.” Id. 
Patent Owner disagrees with Petitioner’s definition and contends that 
a POSA would have been a “clinician with experience in the design, 
conduct, analysis, and interpretation of results from clinical trials involving 
antithrombotic agents (anticoagulants and antiplatelet agents), as well as 
experience with the treatment of patients with anticoagulants and antiplatelet 
 
7 Although we find certain of Patent Owner’s arguments not persuasive, this 
should never be taken as an indication that we have assigned Patent Owner 
the burden of proof on patentability. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
10 
agents alone or in combination, including experience with the treatment of 
patients with coronary artery disease and/or peripheral artery disease.” 
PO Resp. 22 (citing Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 24–26). 
In response, Petitioner asserts that its definition encompasses Patent 
Owner’s definition, as the experience of an M.D. includes the ability to 
interpret the results of clinical trials to evaluate therapies. Pet. Reply 2–3 
(citing Ex. 1037 ¶ 7). 
We find Petitioner has the better position. We agree with Petitioner 
and Dr. Zusman that an M.D. with experience treating patients who worked 
in consultation with a team of specialists would include the qualifications 
recited by Patent Owner. Ex. 1037 ¶¶ 7–11. We, therefore, adopt 
Petitioner’s definition of a POSA, which indicates a high level of skill in the 
relevant art and is consistent with the prior art’s demonstration of the level 
of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. See Okajima v. 
Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific 
findings regarding ordinary skill level are not required “where the prior art 
itself reflects an appropriate level and a need for testimony is not shown” 
(quoting Litton Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 
163 (Fed. Cir. 1985))). 
Even if there were a distinction between the parties’ respective 
definitions of the level of ordinary skill in the art, Patent Owner’s expert, 
Dr. Weitz, notes that his opinion would not change regardless of which 
definition is applied. See Ex. 2060 ¶ 26. Moreover, we find both 
Dr. Zusman and Dr. Weitz qualified to opine from the perspective of a 
POSA for purposes of this Decision as both possess at least the level of 
ordinary skill in the art. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 1–11; Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 1–11; see also 
Kyocera Senco Indus. Tools Inc. v. Int’l Trade Comm’n, 22 F.4th 1369, 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
11 
1376–77 (Fed. Cir. 2022) (“To offer expert testimony from the perspective 
of a skilled artisan in a patent case—like for claim construction, validity, or 
infringement—a witness must at least have ordinary skill in the art.”). 
B. 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, the Board applies the same claim 
construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a civil 
action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2021). Under that 
standard, claim terms “are generally given their ordinary and customary 
meaning” as understood by a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time of 
the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 
2005) (en banc). “In determining the meaning of the disputed claim 
limitation, we look principally to the intrinsic evidence of record, examining 
the claim language itself, the written description, and the prosecution 
history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, 
Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 
1312–17). Extrinsic evidence is “less significant than the intrinsic record in 
determining ‘the legally operative meaning of claim language.’” Phillips, 
415 F.3d at 1317. 
1. 
“clinically proven effective” 
Independent claims 1 and 5 each recite administering rivaroxaban and 
aspirin “in amounts that are clinically proven effective in reducing the risk 
of myocardial infarction, stroke or cardiovascular death in a human patient 
with coronary artery disease and/or peripheral arterial disease.” Ex. 1001, 
claims 1 and 5. 
Petitioner asserts that because the claims recite administering 
rivaroxaban and aspirin “in amounts that are clinically proven effective,” 
those specific doses must inherently satisfy that functional element. Pet. 11 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
12 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 55). Petitioner also cites the ’310 Patent Specification, 
which defines “effective” and “efficacy” as preferably referring to “a dosage 
determined by the US FDA as acceptable for administration to reduce the 
risk of major cardiovascular events (cardiovascular death, myocardial 
infarction, or stroke) in CAD and/or PAD patients.” Pet. 11–12 (quoting 
Ex. 1001, 10:57–63). Petitioner notes, however, that the FDA did not 
approve the claimed regimen until after the February 2018 priority date. Id. 
at 12 (citing Ex. 1016). Nevertheless, Petitioner argues that a POSA would 
have understood that approval by any major governmental health agency 
would require that the regimen was “clinically proven effective.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 59). Finally, Petitioner asserts that the claim phrase should be 
construed to encompass both individual and joint-efficacy. Pet. 12 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 56). 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner’s construction is erroneous 
because a POSA would have understood that clinical proof of efficacy is 
only established in reference to a clinical study conducted in a defined group 
of patients. PO Resp. 33 (citing Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 96–97). According to Patent 
Owner, because the claims define the group of patients as those “with 
coronary artery disease and/or peripheral artery disease,” the group would 
include patients with CAD, and patients with PAD, and patients with both 
CAD and PAD. Id. (citing Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 98–100). Thus, Patent Owner 
asserts that clinical proof of efficacy must be with respect to the entire 
population of patients recited in the claim. Id. at 35 (citing Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 96–
98). Moreover, Patent Owner asserts that a “POSA would understand that 
‘clinically proven effective’ as used in the ’310 patent requires data to 
support the notion that there is a statistically significant difference (i.e., a p-
value of less than 0.05) in the efficacy observed between the regimen at 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
13 
issue (e.g., rivaroxaban plus aspirin) compared to the standard of care (e.g., 
aspirin). Id. at 37–38 (citing Ex. 2060 ¶ 94; Ex. 1001, Figs. 2A–4 
(referencing p-values)). 
In our Institution Decision, we preliminarily construed the term 
“clinically proven effective” to mean “the amounts of aspirin and 
rivaroxaban in combination that have clinically been shown to reduce the 
risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death in patients with 
CAD and/or PAD.” Dec. Inst. 14–15. We further held that the term does 
not require FDA approval, as the Specification states that the terms 
“effective” and “efficacy” only “[p]referably” refer to a dosage that has been 
approved by the FDA. Id. at 15; see also Ex. 1001, 10:57–59.8 Moreover, 
we held that, when reading the claims and the Specification as a whole, the 
term “clinically proven effective” refers to the amounts of aspirin and 
rivaroxaban in combination and not individually. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 
claims 1 and 5, Abstract). 
Having now considered the full trial record, we revise our preliminary 
construction and determine that the term “clinically proven effective” is 
nonlimiting, as Petitioner asserts. See Pet. 11; Pet. Reply 8–9, 16. We begin 
our analysis with the language of the claims, which recite administering 
rivaroxaban and aspirin in amounts that are “clinically proven effective,” 
“wherein rivaroxaban is administered in an amount of 2.5 mg twice daily 
and aspirin is administered in an amount of 75–100 mg daily.” Ex. 1001, 
claims 1 and 5. We are persuaded that a POSA would have understood from 
a plain reading of the claims that the specific recited “amounts” of 
 
8 We also noted in our Institution Decision that in the Delaware MDL, the 
parties stipulated that claim 1 “does not require FDA approval.” Dec. 
Inst. 15 n.6 (quoting Ex. 2019, 2). 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
14 
rivaroxaban and aspirin are “clinically proven effective.” See Ex. 1002 ¶ 55. 
That is, the independent claims expressly recite that the rivaroxaban is 
administered in an amount of 2.5 mg twice daily, and that aspirin is 
administered in an amount of 75–100 mg daily. Ex. 1001, claims 1 and 5. 
Because the claims expressly recite the amounts of rivaroxaban and aspirin, 
further identifying these amounts as “clinically proven effective” is 
redundant and unnecessary, and does nothing to alter the method steps of 
administering the pharmaceutical, as otherwise recited by these claims. See 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs., Inc., 246 F.3d 1368, 1375 
(Fed. Cir. 2001) (finding claim term “antineoplastically effective” not 
limiting where express dosage amounts are material claim limitations that do 
not change based on the intended result). 
We next consider the claim language in the context of the ’310 Patent 
Specification. The Specification states that “[t]he methods and products of 
the invention concern dosages that are clinically proven safe and effective.” 
Ex. 1001, 10:9–10. The Specification defines the terms “effective” or 
“efficacy” as referring to “reducing the risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, 
or cardiovascular death in patients with CAD and/or PAD or other 
atherosclerotic vascular disease, such as by reducing the risk when compared 
to therapy with aspirin alone.” Id. at 10:50–57. Although the Specification 
does not expressly define “clinically proven effective,” the Specification 
repeatedly describes administering rivaroxaban and aspirin “in amounts that 
are clinically proven effective,” “wherein rivaroxaban is administered in an 
amount of 2.5 mg twice daily and aspirin is administered in an amount of 
75–100 mg daily, or in an amount of 75 mg, 81 mg or 100 mg daily.” See, 
e.g., id. at 3:59–67, 4:4–11, 4:28–35. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
15 
The Specification also describes the COMPASS study and its results. 
Id. at 13:35–18:54, FIGS. 2A–4 (referencing hazard ratios and p-values). 
The Specification explains that, in COMPASS, “a total of 27,395 persons 
. . . were randomly assigned to rivaroxaban plus aspirin, rivaroxaban, or 
aspirin.” Id. at 15:25–29. The Specification described the study results and 
stated: 
In conclusion, in patients with stable atherosclerotic vascular 
disease, we compared three antiplatelet regimens: rivaroxaban 
(2.5 mg twice daily) plus aspirin (100 mg once daily), 
rivaroxaban (5 mg twice daily), and aspirin (100 mg once 
daily). The risk of major adverse cardiovascular events was 
significantly lower with the combination of rivaroxaban plus 
aspirin than with aspirin alone, and the risk of major bleeding 
was significantly higher. 
Id. at 18:41–48. Despite the higher risk of major bleeding, the Specification 
states, “[o]ur definition of net clinical benefit balanced the lower risk of 
cardiovascular death, stroke, or myocardial infarction against the most 
serious bleeding events and showed a significant benefit of combination 
therapy.” Id. at 18:5–8. 
Thus, reading the Specification as a whole, the ’310 Patent confirms 
that 2.5 mg twice daily rivaroxaban plus 75–100 mg aspirin daily, or in an 
amount of 75 mg, 81 mg or 100 mg daily are “clinically proven effective” 
amounts of rivaroxaban and aspirin.9 See id. at 3:59–67, 4:4–11, 4:28–35, 
13:35–18:54. 
 
9 We note that the Specification does not include clinical data on the efficacy 
of 75 mg or 81 mg daily aspirin, which further calls into question Patent 
Owner’s proposed construction, which would require actual data for those 
amounts to be considered “clinically proven effective.” See PO Resp. at 37–
38 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
16 
In light of that teaching, we determine that the phrase “clinically 
proven effective” in the claims is nonlimiting. We find Bristol-Myers 
Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Labs., Inc., 246 F.3d 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2001), to be 
on point. There, the claim at issue recited “[a] method for reducing 
hematologic toxicity in a cancer patient undergoing [t]axol treatment 
comprising parenterally administering to said patient an antineoplastically 
effective amount of about 135–175 mg/m2 taxol over a period of about three 
hours.” Id. at 1371 (emphasis added). The Federal Circuit held that the term 
“antineoplastically effective amount” was nonlimiting, because it is an 
“expression of intended result [that] essentially duplicates the dosage 
amounts recited in the claims that are also described in the specification as 
‘antineoplastically effective.’” Id. at 1375. The court continued, stating, 
“[t]he express dosage amounts are material claim limitations; the statement 
of the intended result of administering those amounts does not change those 
amounts or otherwise limit the claim.” Id. Moreover, “the claimed process 
here is not directed to a new use; it is the same use, and it consists of the 
same steps as described by [the prior art.] Newly discovered results of 
known processes directed to the same purpose are not patentable because 
such results are inherent.” Id. at 1376. 
Similarly, here, the ’310 Patent claims recite the specific amounts of 
rivaroxaban and aspirin that are “clinically proven effective” (i.e., 2.5 mg 
rivaroxaban twice daily and 75–100 mg aspirin once daily). Just as the 
patent specification in Bristol-Myers taught that the claimed dosage amount 
was “antineoplastically effective,” 246 F.3d at 1375, the ’310 Patent 
Specification teaches that the claimed dosage amounts of rivaroxaban and 
aspirin are “clinically proven effective.” Ex. 1001, 3:59–67, 4:4–11, 4:28–
35, 13:35–18:54. As such, like the term “antineoplastically effective” in 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
17 
Bristol-Myers, the term “clinically proven effective” “does not change those 
amounts or otherwise limit the claim.” See Bristol-Myers, 246 F.3d at 1375. 
We, therefore, agree with Petitioner that “being subsequently proven 
clinically effective in COMPASS is at most simply a latent property of the 
prior-art method; nothing in the claimed method changes—no steps are 
added, subtracted, or modified for the prior-art patient—as a result of this 
knowledge.” Pet. Reply 8–9. 
Patent Owner attempts to distinguish the Bristol-Myers case by 
arguing that the case did not involve an allegation that the results of a 
clinical trial were “inherent,” and did not involve the claim term “clinically 
proven effective,” or a similar requirement. PO Resp. 53. Although the 
facts of Bristol-Myers may not be identical, Patent Owner misses the point. 
As explained above, the holding of Bristol-Myers indisputably applies 
here—neither the term “effective” nor “clinically proven effective” changes 
the amounts of rivaroxaban and aspirin expressly recited in the claims. See 
Bristol-Myers, 246 F.3d at 1375. Indeed, Patent Owner does not argue 
otherwise. 
Instead, Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner’s construction 
impermissibly reads the term “clinically proven” out of the claim. PO Sur-
reply 13 (citing Agilent Techs. v. Affymetrix, Inc., 567 F.3d 1366, 1377–78 
(Fed. Cir. 2009)). The Agilent case, however, is inapposite. There, the court 
construed “chamber” to mean “an enclosed cavity defined by the inner 
surfaces of the first and second substrates,” and held that the term “closed” 
further required that “there is no egress of fluid” from the chamber. Id. at 
1378. In contrast, here, “clinically proven” adds nothing to the term 
“effective”—both are nonlimiting statements of intended results that 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
18 
duplicate the dosage amounts recited in the claims. See Bristol-Myers, 
246 F.3d at 1375. 
Patent Owner also relies on the Examiner’s analysis in the 
Supplemental Examination as proof that the term “clinically proven 
effective” is “an important requirement of the claims.” PO Resp. 53–54. As 
background, Patent Owner requested supplemental examination of claims 1–
8 of the ’310 Patent on January 7, 2021. Ex. 2001, 1576. Each of the 
references submitted by Patent Owner were obtained from the website 
ClinicalTrials.gov and relate to clinical trial NCT01776424 (i.e., the 
COMPASS study). Id. at 1577. The Examiner noted that the results of the 
COMPASS study were first published on ClinicalTrials.gov on October 5, 
2018, after the February 2, 2017, critical date of the ’310 Patent. Id. at 
1577–78. Thus, to the extent any of the references disclosed study results, 
the results were published after the critical date. Id. at 1578. As such, the 
Examiner found the request for supplemental examination did not raise a 
substantial new question of patentability because “[n]one of the items of 
information discloses information regarding the efficacy of the claimed 
treatment methods, i.e. results of the clinical trial, which was available prior 
to the critical date of February 2, 2017.” Id. at 1578–79. 
Although we referred to the Examiner’s finding in our Institution 
Decision as consistent with our Institution Decision (Dec. Inst. 28), that 
Decision was preliminary and based on a limited record. Id. at 29 (citing 
TriVascular, Inc. v. Samuels, 812 F.3d 1056, 1068 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (noting 
that “there is a significant difference between a petitioner’s burden to 
establish a ‘reasonable likelihood of success’ at institution, and actually 
proving invalidity by a preponderance of the evidence at trial”)). Having 
now considered the complete record of the arguments and evidence 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
19 
presented at trial, we find the Examiner’s construction to be inconsistent 
with Federal Circuit precedent, which the Examiner did not consider in his 
analysis. See Ex. 2001, 1577–79. 
As noted above, our construction of “clinically proven effective” 
adopts Petitioner’s proposed interpretation that it is not a limitation beyond 
the expressly recited amounts of rivaroxaban and aspirin recited in the 
independent claims. See Pet. 11–12, 29, 47. We have considered Patent 
Owner’s remaining arguments regarding the alleged requisite population of 
patients studied (PO Resp. 33–37), but we find those arguments moot in 
light of our determination that “clinically proven effective” is a nonlimiting 
term of the claims. 
2. 
“first product” 
Independent claim 5 recites once daily administration of a “first 
product” comprising 2.5 mg rivaroxaban and 75–100 mg aspirin and a 
“second product” comprising 2.5 mg rivaroxaban. Ex. 1001, claim 5. 
Petitioner notes that the term “first product” and “second product,” other 
than in the claims themselves, do not appear in the ’310 Patent Specification, 
and “product” is not expressly defined. Pet. 13. Petitioner’s expert, 
Dr. Zusman, opines that a POSA would have understood the “first product” 
to be combination therapy, which the Specification describes “may be 
administered using separate dosage forms for rivaroxaban, or using a 
combination dosage form containing both rivaroxaban and aspirin.” Pet. 13 
(emphasis omitted); Ex. 1002 ¶ 67 (quoting Ex. 1001, 8:65–9:20). 
Moreover, Dr. Zusman notes that the ’310 Patent Specification states that 
“combinations” include “components administered simultaneously or 
sequentially as long as they are employed for the prophylaxis and/or 
treatment of the same disease.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 67 (quoting Ex. 1001, 8:65–

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
20 
9:20). Accordingly, Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the 
art “would have understood simply administering one 2.5 mg rivaroxaban 
pill and one aspirin pill at approximately the same time could constitute 
claim 5’s ‘first product.’” Pet. 14. 
Patent Owner disagrees with Petitioner’s proposed construction of 
“first product.” PO Resp. 39. Patent Owner asserts that although the 
Specification discusses “combination therapy” as potentially administering 
“separate dosage forms for rivaroxaban and aspirin,” the Specification also 
identifies “combination therapy” as “using a combination dosage form 
containing both rivaroxaban and aspirin.” Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 8:66–9:1). 
Patent Owner also notes that the claims refer to the “first product” as 
“comprising rivaroxaban and aspirin.” Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 19:13–14). 
Thus, argues Patent Owner, a POSA would have understood “that the 
combination dosage form is what is clearly referred to in claim 5.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 103–105, 145–146). 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument. The parties 
appear to agree that the “first product” of claim 5 refers to “combination 
therapy,” which the Specification expressly states encompasses 
administering “separate dosage forms for rivaroxaban and aspirin” or “a 
combination dosage form containing both rivaroxaban and aspirin” in the 
recited amounts.10 See Ex. 1001, 8:26–9:1. Notwithstanding this broad 
language of the Specification, Patent Owner limits the term “first product” 
by equating it with a “combination dosage form.” The Specification, 
however, refers to “products and methods of the present invention” 
 
10 In the Delaware MDL, the parties stipulated that claim 1 “does not require 
that the amounts of rivaroxaban and aspirin be in a single/combined dosage 
form (e.g., a tablet containing both rivaroxaban and aspirin).” Ex. 2019, 2. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
21 
separately from the “combination dosage form containing both rivaroxaban 
and aspirin.” Compare Ex. 1001, 12:28–29 with 8:65–9:1. Certainly if the 
patentee intended the “first product” to be a “combination dosage form,” it 
could have used the latter term. Instead, the Specification treats the term 
“product” as broader than “combination dosage form.” Consistent with that, 
the Specification states that “‘[c]ombinations’ mean for the purposes of the 
invention not only dosage forms which comprise all the components (so-
called fixed dose combinations), and combination packs or kits which 
comprise the components separate from one another in a package together.” 
Id. at 9:9–14. Thus, we interpret the term “product” to include these various 
“combinations” described in the Specification, and decline to limit the term 
to a single dosage form, as Patent Owner urges. Id. Moreover, if 
administered as separate dosage forms, we agree with Petitioner that the 
Specification supports administering the “first product” dosage forms 
“simultaneously or sequentially as long as they are employed for the 
prophylaxis and/or treatment of the same disease.” See id. at 9:17–19. 
Accordingly, we determine the “first product” of claim 5 is not limited 
to a single dosage form containing rivaroxaban and aspirin, and determine 
that if administered separately, the dosage forms can be administered 
simultaneously or sequentially as long as they are employed for the 
prophylaxis and/or treatment of the same disease. See id. at 9:17–19. 
3. 
Remaining Claim Terms 
Patent Owner also offers constructions for “coronary artery disease,” 
and the preamble (PO Resp. 23–32, 39–40), but none of these claim phrases 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
22 
requires construction for purposes of our Decision.11 See Wellman, Inc. v. 
Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2011) (“[C]laim terms 
need only be construed ‘to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” 
(quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 
(Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
We now turn to the patentability challenges presented by Petitioner. 
C. 
Anticipation by Foley 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1 and 2 of the ’310 Patent are anticipated 
by Foley. Pet. 52–58. Patent Owner opposes. PO Resp. 51–54. Having 
considered the evidence and arguments presented at trial, we determine that 
Petitioner has established by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1 
and 2 are anticipated by Foley. 
1. 
Foley (Ex. 1006) 
Foley is a journal article entitled “Antithrombotic therapy in 
peripheral artery disease,” which “reviews current data on antithrombotic 
therapy in PAD and discusses the implications of this data for current 
practice and future research.” Ex. 1006, 156. Foley indicates it was 
published in 2016, which makes it prior art to the challenged claims, and 
Patent Owner does not assert otherwise. Id.; see generally PO Resp. 
Foley discloses a variety of treatment regimens for patients with PAD, 
including the use of aspirin for symptomatic and asymptomatic PAD. Foley 
 
11 Indeed, we note that although Patent Owner proposes an alternative 
construction for “first product” than we set forth in our Institution Decision 
(Dec. Inst. 15–17), Patent Owner does not rely on that proposed construction 
in any of its substantive arguments on the merits. See generally PO Resp. 
40–60; PO Sur-reply 15–25. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
23 
states “[d]espite the advent of newer agents, aspirin remains the most widely 
used antiplatelet drug in the world.” Ex. 1006, 157. 
Foley also describes anticoagulant therapy in PAD. Specifically, 
Foley describes the Warfarin Antiplatelet Vascular Evaluation (WAVE) 
study. Id. at 164. In this randomized controlled trial, the study compared 
combination therapy with warfarin and an antiplatelet agent to an antiplatelet 
agent alone in patients with PAD. Id. The WAVE study found there was no 
significant difference between the treatment groups in the occurrence of 
heart attack, stroke or death from cardiovascular causes. Id. According to 
Foley, the WAVE findings “suggest that combination therapy with warfarin 
and an antiplatelet agent yields no significant benefit in patients with PAD 
when compared to antiplatelet therapy alone, and is associated with an 
increased risk of moderate and severe bleeding.” Id. 
Finally, Foley discloses the COMPASS trial and states that it studies 
the effects of rivaroxaban in patients with CAD or PAD. Id. at 167. Foley 
states the COMPASS patients are randomized into one of three arms: 
(1) 2.5 mg rivaroxaban twice daily and aspirin (100 mg once daily); (2) 5 mg 
rivaroxaban twice daily and aspirin (same dosage); and (3) placebo twice 
daily and aspirin (same dosage). Id. Foley notes that the COMPASS trial is 
ongoing and estimated to be completed in February 2018. Id. 
2. 
Analysis 
“A claim is anticipated if each and every element as set forth in the 
claim is found, either expressly or inherently, in a single prior art reference.” 
Arbutus Biopharma Corp. v. ModernaTX, Inc., 65 F. 4th 656, 662 (Fed. Cir. 
2023). The Federal Circuit explains that “[a]nticipation by inherent 
disclosure is appropriate only when the reference discloses prior art that 
must necessarily include the unstated limitation.” Monsanto Tech. LLC v. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
24 
I.E. DuPont de Nemours & Co., 878 F.3d 1336, 1343 (Fed. Cir. 2018). 
Inherent anticipation requires “merely that the disclosure of the prior art is 
sufficient to show that the natural result flowing from the operation as taught 
in the prior art would result in the claimed product.” SmithKline Beecham 
Corp. v. Apotex Corp., 403 F.3d 1331, 1343–44 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (internal 
quotes omitted). 
Petitioner asserts that Foley discloses each limitation of claims 1 
and 2. Pet. 52–57. We agree. We find that Foley’s disclosure of the 
COMPASS clinical trial (i.e., Rivaroxaban for the Prevention of Major 
Cardiovascular Events in Coronary or Peripheral Artery Disease) and its 
protocol of administering to patients with CAD or PAD 2.5 mg rivaroxaban 
twice daily and 100 mg aspirin once daily discloses each limitation of claims 
1 and 2. See Ex. 1006, 166–67. 
That is, we are persuaded that a POSA would have understood that 
COMPASS’s study of preventing major cardiovascular events such as 
myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death in coronary or 
peripheral artery disease constitutes a method of reducing the risk of those 
events in human patients with CAD and/or PAD, as required by the 
preamble.12 Ex. 1006, 166–67; Ex. 1002 ¶ 250–254. We also find that 
Foley’s disclosure of administering 2.5 mg of rivaroxaban twice daily and 
100 mg aspirin once daily discloses the step of “administering to the human 
patient rivaroxaban and aspirin in amounts that are clinically proven 
effective in reducing the risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, or 
cardiovascular death in a human patient with [CAD and/or PAD], wherein 
 
12 We need not expressly determine whether the preamble is limiting 
because Foley discloses the preamble regardless. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
25 
the rivaroxaban is administered in an amount of 2.5 mg twice daily and 
aspirin is administered in an amount of 75–100 mg daily.” Ex. 1006, 166–
67; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 256, 257, 268–283. 
As explained above, we determine the term “clinically proven 
effective” to be nonlimiting. See supra Section II.B.1. But, even if this 
claim term were construed as Patent Owner suggests (i.e., clinically proven 
with data demonstrating a statistically significant difference in the efficacy 
observed between the regimen at issue compared to the standard of care (PO 
Resp. 37–38)), we agree with Petitioner that Foley inherently discloses the 
limitation. Pet. 54. That the COMPASS study results may not yet have 
been published is of no regard, as “[n]ewly discovered results of known 
processes directed to the same purpose are not patentable because such 
results are inherent.” See Bristol-Myers, 246 F.3d at 1376. There is no 
dispute that Foley discloses the claimed dosage amounts (Ex. 1006, 166–67), 
which read on the material claim limitations requiring 2.5 mg rivaroxaban 
twice daily and 75–100 mg aspirin daily; that those amounts were not yet 
identified as “clinically proven effective” does not change those dosage 
amounts required or otherwise limit the claimed method. See id. at 1375. 
There is no dispute (see Pet. 52–58; PO Resp. 52–54) that Foley discloses a 
method including administering to the appropriate patient group the claimed 
dosage amounts of rivaroxaban and aspirin at the claimed regimen. 
Accordingly, we find Foley anticipates claims 1 and 2 of the ’310 Patent. 
Patent Owner disagrees with Petitioner’s inherency argument, 
asserting that a POSA would not have considered the results of a clinical 
trial to be inherent. PO Resp. 53. Specifically, Patent Owner asserts that 
“[n]umerous factors can impact whether a dosing regimen will be ‘clinically 
proven effective,’ including the inclusion and exclusion criteria for the 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
26 
patients to be studied, and the design and conduct of the study itself.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 153–157; Ex. 2029, 45:4–13). Stated differently, Patent 
Owner argues that because the design of clinical trials can vary, the dosing 
regimen of rivaroxaban and aspirin disclosed in Foley would not necessarily 
be found to be “clinically proven effective.” Patent Owner further argues 
that “there is nothing about the COMPASS protocol that makes clinical 
proof of efficacy ‘necessarily present’ and ‘recognized’ by the POSA.” Id. 
at 54 (citing Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 151–157). 
Patent Owner again, however, misses the point. The question is not 
whether clinical trials may exist where the disclosed dosing regimen may not 
be clinically proven effective, or whether a POSA would necessarily 
recognize clinical proof of efficacy from the COMPASS protocol taught by 
Foley. Id. at 53–54. On the contrary, the question is whether “the [prior art] 
disclosure is sufficient to show that the natural result flowing from the 
operation as taught would result in the performance of the questioned 
function.” King Pharms., Inc. v. Eon Labs, Inc., 616 F.3d 1267, 1275 (Fed. 
Cir. 2010) (citation omitted). If it is, the Federal Circuit has held that it is 
“well-settled that the disclosure should be regarded as sufficient.” Id. 
As such, here, we consider whether the disclosure in Foley is 
sufficient to show that the natural result of the disclosed dosing regimen 
would be “clinically proven effective” by the COMPASS study disclosed by 
Foley. In this case, we know that to be true because the claimed process was 
confirmed by the same COMPASS study disclosed by Foley. See Bristol-
Myers, 246 F.3d at 1376; see also Abbott Labs. v. Baxter Pharm. Prods., 
Inc., 471 F.3d 1363, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (finding method claims 
anticipated where prior art method disclosed the same steps in furtherance of 
the same purpose, and all that was contributed by the patent claims is the 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
27 
recognition of a new property of the prior art process). Accordingly, even if 
the claim term were limiting, we find Foley inherently discloses “clinically 
proven effective” amounts of rivaroxaban and aspirin. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1 
and 2 are anticipated by Foley. 
D. 
Obviousness over Foley Alone or in Combination with Plosker 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 5, and 8 are unpatentable as obvious 
over Foley. Pet. 58–69. Petitioner also asserts that claims 3, 4, 6, and 7 are 
unpatentable as obvious over Foley and Plosker. Id. at 69–71. Patent 
Owner opposes. PO Resp. 54–56. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
determine Petitioner has established by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claims 1–8 are unpatentable as obvious over the cited art. We incorporate 
here our prior discussion and findings regarding Foley. 
1. 
Plosker (Ex. 1007) 
Plosker is a journal article entitled “Rivaroxaban: A review of Its Use 
in Acute Coronary Syndromes,” which was published in 2014. Ex. 1007, 
451. Patent Owner does not dispute that Plosker is prior art. See generally 
PO Resp. 
Plosker describes the ATLAS trial, including the dosing regimen of 
2.5 mg rivaroxaban twice daily, co-administered with 75–100 mg aspirin 
alone or aspirin plus either clopidogrel or ticlopidine. Ex. 1007, 451, 460. 
Plosker notes the dosing regimen was approved for use in the EU for 
patients with a recent ACS. Id. at 451. 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
28 
2. 
Analysis 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the 
differences between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the 
claimed invention, as a whole, would have been obvious before the effective 
filing date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the 
art to which the claimed invention pertains. 35 U.S.C. § 103; see also KSR 
Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of 
obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying factual determinations, 
including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; (2) any differences 
between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level of skill in 
the art; and (4) objective evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. John 
Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
Accordingly, Petitioner must show that “a skilled artisan would have been 
motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art references to achieve the 
claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so.” In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 
F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (quotations and citations omitted). 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 5, and 8 are unpatentable as obvious 
over Foley. Pet. 58–69. As explained above, we find Petitioner has shown 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
29 
by a preponderance of the evidence that Foley anticipates claims 1 and 2. 
See supra Section II.C. Thus, we find Petitioner has also shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Foley renders claims 1 and 2 
unpatentable as obvious, as it is well settled that anticipation is the epitome 
of obviousness.13 See Realtime Data, LLC v. Iancu, 912 F.3d 1368, 1373 
(Fed. Cir. 2019) (“[I]t is well settled that a disclosure that anticipates under 
§ 102 also renders the claim invalid under § 103, for anticipation is the 
epitome of obviousness.”) (internal quotations and citations omitted). 
Petitioner asserts the only difference between claims 1 and 2 and 
claims 5 and 8 is that the latter recites the “first product comprises 2.5 mg 
rivaroxaban and 75–100 mg aspirin” (or 100 mg aspirin for claim 8) and the 
“second product comprises 2.5 mg rivaroxaban.” Compare Ex. 1001, claim 
1 with claim 5. Pet. 66–69. Petitioner therefore asserts that Foley discloses 
each limitation of claims 5 and 8 except the “first product” and “second 
product,” for the reasons stated above. See supra Section II.C.2 (finding 
Foley discloses each limitation of claims 1 and 2). 
Petitioner notes that Foley does not specify whether the 100 mg 
aspirin was taken with the first 2.5 mg dose of rivaroxaban, with the second 
2.5 mg dose of rivaroxaban, or at a different time than either dose of 
rivaroxaban. Pet. 67 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 336–338). Nevertheless, Petitioner 
asserts that a POSA would have understood that “unless there is a cause for 
concern in terms of potential drug interactions, concomitant administration 
of multiple drugs in a dosing regimen is preferred for patient-compliance 
reasons.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 337–338). 
 
13 We further note that we have considered, but are not persuaded that Patent 
Owner’s objective evidence of nonobviousness, discussed below, outweighs 
this strong evidence of obviousness. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
30 
Although Patent Owner disagrees with Petitioner’s construction of 
“first product,” Patent Owner does not argue that Foley does not teach a 
“first product.”14 See PO Resp. 51–56; PO Sur-reply 19–24. As set forth 
above, we agree with Petitioner’s construction of “first product” as not 
requiring, although allowing, a single combination dosage form. See supra 
Section II.B.2. We, therefore, find Petitioner has shown that a POSA 
considering Foley would have found it obvious to administer aspirin 
together with one of the rivaroxaban doses. We credit the testimony of 
Petitioner’s expert, Dr. Zusman, who notes that a POSA would have known 
that there were no concerns about administering rivaroxaban and aspirin 
together, and that it is easier for patients to take two drugs at the same time 
rather than at different times throughout the day. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 337–338; 
see also Ex. 1009,15 981 (noting “there is no clinically relevant interaction 
between rivaroxaban and aspirin and that the 2 drugs could be administered 
concomitantly”). We, therefore, find Petitioner has shown that Foley 
teaches or suggests each limitation of claims 5 and 8 and that a POSA would 
have had a reason to modify Foley to administer rivaroxaban together with 
aspirin with a reasonable expectation of success. 
In its Response, Patent Owner argues that a POSA would not have 
had a reasonable expectation of success that the claimed dosing regimen in 
COMPASS would be “clinically proven effective.” PO Resp. 55 (citing 
 
14 Although Dr. Weitz appears to argue that Foley does not teach a “first 
product” (Ex. 2060 ¶ 163), Patent Owner does not make this argument in its 
papers. See generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. 
15 Kubitza et al., Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacodynamics, and 
Pharmacokinetics of Rivaroxaban—an Oral, Direct Factor Xa Inhibitor—
Are Not Affected by Aspirin, 46 J. CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY 981–90 (2006) 
(Ex. 1009). 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
31 
Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 158–165). We are not persuaded, however, because, as 
explained above, the term “clinically proven effective” is inherent in the 
prior art teaching, but, in any event, adds no patentable weight to the 
material amounts recited in the claims. See supra Section II.B.1. 
We find the Federal Circuit’s decision in Persion Pharmaceuticals 
LLC v. Alvogen Malta Operations Ltd., 945 F.3d 1184 (Fed. Cir. 2019) to be 
instructive. In that case, the claims recited, inter alia, a method of treating 
pain in a patient having mild or moderate hepatic impairment, comprising 
administering an oral dosage unit comprising an extended release 
formulation of hydrocodone bitartrate, wherein the dosage unit provides a 
specific pharmacokinetic release profile of hydrocodone. Id. at 1187. The 
district court determined the claims were invalid as obvious because a POSA 
would have been motivated to administer the extended-release hydrocodone 
formulation disclosed in an asserted Devane reference to patients with mild 
or moderate hepatic impairment, as taught by the other asserted prior art 
references. Id. at 1188–89. The district court held that “the pharmacokinetic 
limitations . . . are ‘inherent in any obviousness combination that contains 
the Devane formulation’ because the recited pharmacokinetic parameters 
were ‘necessarily present’ in the Zohydro ER [i.e., extended release 
hydrocodone] formulation described in both Devane and the asserted 
patents.” Id. at 1189. 
On appeal, the Federal Circuit affirmed, noting that “[i]nherency may 
supply a missing claim limitation in an obviousness analysis.” Id. at 1190. 
The court also noted that “[i]t is long settled that in the context of 
obviousness, the ‘mere recitation of a newly discovered function or property, 
inherently possessed by things in the prior art, does not distinguish a claim 
drawn to those things from the prior art.’” Id. (quoting In re Oelrich, 666 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
32 
F.2d 578, 581 (CCPA 1981). The patentee argued that the district court 
erred in applying inherency to its obviousness analysis because the “natural 
result flowing from the operation as taught” by Devane cannot be the 
claimed pharmacokinetic values for hepatically impaired patients because 
Devane does not teach administering its hydrocodone to hepatically 
impaired patients. Id. (quoting Oelrich, 666 F.2d at 581). The Federal 
Circuit rejected this argument, because “[t]here was also no dispute that the 
Devane formulation, which was identical to the Zohydro ER formulation 
described in the patents in suit, necessarily exhibited the claimed parameters 
under these conditions.” Id. Accordingly, the Federal Circuit held the 
district court did not err in finding the pharmacokinetic limitations of the 
asserted claims to be “inherent and added no patentable weight to the 
pharmacokinetic claims.” Id. 
The case for inherency is even stronger here than in Persion, because 
there is no need to combine multiple references to determine “the natural 
result flowing from the operation as taught” by Foley. Rather, Foley 
discloses a method including the exact dosing regimen, drugs, and patients 
described and claimed in the ’310 Patent. Thus, like the Zohydro ER 
formulation of Devane and the patents-in-suit in Persion, we find that the 
“natural result flowing from the operation as taught” in Foley is necessarily 
a finding of “clinically proven effective” amounts of rivaroxaban and 
aspirin. Id. at 1191. 
Claims 3 and 7 depend from independent claims 1 and 5, respectively, 
and recite 81 mg aspirin, whereas claims 4 and 6 depend from independent 
claims 1 and 5, respectively, and recite 75 mg aspirin daily. Petitioner 
asserts that Foley teaches administering 100 mg aspirin, and Plosker teaches 
administering 75–100 mg aspirin to patients with ACS. Pet. 70 (citing 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
33 
Ex. 1006, 166–67; Ex. 1007, 460). Petitioner asserts that from these 
teachings, a POSA “would have had good reason to administer to a human 
patient with CAD or PAD a dosage of aspirin that falls within the 75–100 
mg range of aspirin taught by Plosker.” Id. at 70–71 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 353–355, 359–361). As noted by Petitioner, Dr. Zusman also explains 
that “no clinical difference exists between administering 100 mg daily 
aspirin, as expressly taught by Foley, and 81 or 75 mg daily aspirin” and that 
these dosages “just represent the strength of commercially available dosage 
units in different areas of the world.” Id. at 71 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 351–362; 
Ex. 1013, 2656). 
Patent Owner does not challenge Petitioner’s assertions with respect 
to these additional limitations of the claims. Rather, Patent Owner relies on 
its arguments regarding claims 1 and 5 for why claims 3, 4, 6, and 7 would 
not have been obvious. See PO Resp. 56.16 
We are persuaded that a POSA would have had a reason to use 75 mg 
and 81 mg aspirin daily instead of 100 mg aspirin taught by Foley with a 
reasonable expectation of success, because those dosages simply represent 
the dosage amounts of aspirin available throughout the world (i.e., aspirin is 
available in Germany in 75 and 100 mg dosages, and 81 mg is more 
common in the United States)––hence, obvious variant dosages. See 
Ex. 1013, 2656; see also Ex. 1002 ¶ 355; Ex. 1001, 9:21–22 (stating the 
 
16 Patent Owner argues “for all the reasons that claims 1 and 5 are not 
obvious over . . . Foley (or Foley in combination with Plosker . . .), the 
POSA would not regard claims 3, 4, 7, or 8 to be obvious over the 
combination of Foley and Plosker.” PO Resp. 56. We understand Patent 
Owner to mean “claims 3, 4, 6, or 7,” as recited in the title of Section IX of 
Patent Owner’s Response (“CLAIMS 3, 4, 6, and 7 ARE NOT OBVIOUS 
OVER FOLEY AND PLOSKER (GROUND 5)”). See id. 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
34 
individual active ingredients “are commercially available”). Moreover, 
those dosages are consistent with the dosage range taught by Plosker. See 
Ex. 1007, 460. 
Accordingly, having considered the arguments and evidence presented 
at trial, we find Foley alone or the combination of Foley and Plosker teach or 
suggest each limitation of claims 1–8 and a POSA would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in reaching the claimed invention. 
In reaching our conclusion on obviousness, we considered, and we 
now turn to discuss, Patent Owner’s objective evidence of nonobviousness. 
3. 
Objective Evidence of Nonobviousness 
“Objective indicia of nonobviousness can serve as an important check 
against hindsight bias and ‘must always when present be considered.’” 
Merck & Cie v. Gnosis S.P.A., 808 F.3d 829, 837 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (citation 
omitted). Patent Owner argues unexpected results support the patentability 
of the claims. PO Resp. 57–60; PO Sur-reply 24–25. “To be particularly 
probative, evidence of unexpected results must establish that there is a 
difference between the results obtained and those of the closest prior art, and 
that the difference would not have been expected by one of ordinary skill in 
the art at the time of the invention.” Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Teva 
Pharms USA, Inc., 752 F.3d 967, 977 (Fed. Cir. 2014). 
Patent Owner argues that a POSA would regard the COMPASS 
regimen disclosed, for example, on the ClinicalTrials.gov website, as the 
closest prior art. PO Resp. 57 (citing Ex. 2001, BAYX310-0001400-003; 
Ex. 2034, 1–4; Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 158–174). Patent Owner asserts, however, that a 
POSA would not have had a reasonable expectation that the use of 2.5 mg 
rivaroxaban twice daily plus low-dose aspirin once daily would be clinically 
proven effective in reducing the risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, or 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
35 
cardiovascular death in a human patient with CAD and/or PAD, as required 
by the claims. Id. Patent Owner further asserts that it was unexpected and 
surprising that the COMPASS trial demonstrated clinical proof of efficacy, 
but that “the method was so efficacious that the trial was stopped early 
because the results were so positive.” Id. (citing Ex. 2060 ¶¶ 168–174). 
Patent Owner notes that as of the priority date, no other antiplatelet and 
anticoagulation combination was established for use in patients with CAD 
and/or PAD and there was an unmet need for more effective therapy in those 
patients, which demonstrates a difference in kind rather than degree. Id. at 
58–59 (citing Ex. 2060 ¶ 171). 
As an initial matter, Petitioner notes that Patent Owner “blurs its 
unexpected results argument with its reasonable expectation of success 
argument with the circular presumption that the results were unexpected 
because they were not reasonably expected.” Pet. Reply 18 n.4. Moreover, 
Petitioner disagrees that early termination of the COMPASS trial constitutes 
evidence of nonobviousness. Pet. Reply 18–19. Petitioner argues that “the 
scientific result was not unexpected: COMPASS merely confirmed the 
expected scientific result sooner than its study design required.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1037 ¶ 71). Moreover, Petitioner asserts that ATLAS had already 
shown the claimed method was safe and, as Dr. Zusman explains, “cardiac 
trials often stop early as the study design permits when prespecified rules are 
satisfied.” Id. at 20 (citing Ex. 1038 ¶¶ 76–81). 
Having fully considered Patent Owner’s objective evidence of 
unexpected results, we find Petitioner has the better position. As an initial 
matter, we note that Patent Owner’s arguments and evidence of unexpected 
results rely solely on the term “clinically proven effective,” as recited in the 
claims. See, e.g., PO Resp. 57 (arguing “the POSA would not have had a 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
36 
reasonable expectation that [the COMPASS regimen] would be clinically 
proven effective”); PO Sur-reply 24 (arguing “the fact that the combination 
of aspirin and rivaroxaban in COMPASS actually showed clinical proof of 
efficacy was unexpected”). As explained above, however, we determine 
“clinically proven effective” to be nonlimiting, and, even if considered to be 
limiting, it was inherent in view of the prior art. See supra Sections II.B.1, 
II.C.2, II.D.2. 
That said, even if we considered the term “clinically proven effective” 
to carry some patentable weight, our Decision does not change. Although 
we agree that ending the COMPASS trial early was unexpected, we are not 
persuaded that that fact alone was an unexpected result that is probative of 
nonobviousness. As the Federal Circuit has held, “[t]o be particularly 
probative, evidence of unexpected results must establish that there is a 
difference between the results obtained and those of the closest prior art, and 
that the difference would not have been expected by one of ordinary skill in 
the art at the time of the invention.” UCB, Inc. v. Actavis Labs. UT, Inc., 65 
F4th 679, 693 (Fed. Cir. 2023). Moreover, “[a] difference of degree is not as 
persuasive as a difference in kind—i.e., if the range produces a new property 
dissimilar to the known property, rather than producing a predictable result 
but to an unexpected extent.” Id. (internal quotations omitted). 
Here, we find terminating the COMPASS study early based on the 
“consistent difference in the primary efficacy outcome” amounts to a 
difference in degree rather than a difference in kind. See Ex. 1001, 15:41–
47. That is, as Dr. Zusman explains, “[a] clinical trial may terminate early 
due to benefit if ‘[t]he study hypothesis is unexpectedly proven early within 
predesignated criteria.’” Ex. 1037 ¶ 77. Thus, we agree with Patent Owner 
that the results’ rapidity may have been unexpected, or else the 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
37 
“‘prespecified’ criteria would have been the endpoints in the first instance 
rather than [the] criteria for early termination.” PO Sur-reply 25. Despite 
those unexpectedly rapid results, however, we are not persuaded that ending 
the trial early necessarily amounts to a difference in kind. In other words, 
the results do not demonstrate “a new property dissimilar to the known 
property.” UCB, 65 F.4th at 693. Instead, we find the study results to be 
more akin to “producing a predictable result but to an unexpected extent.” 
Id. 
Moreover, when considered together with the other obviousness 
evidence presented at trial, we conclude that Patent Owner’s evidence of 
objective indicia does not outweigh the strong evidence of obviousness 
discussed above. Asyst Techs., Inc. v. Emtrak, Inc., 544 F.3d 1310, 1316 
(Fed. Cir. 2008) (“[A]s we have often held, evidence of secondary 
considerations does not always overcome a strong prima facie showing of 
obviousness.”); see also Leapfrog Enters., Inc. v. Fisher-Price, Inc., 485 
F.3d 1157, 1162 (holding substantial evidence of commercial success, 
praise, and long-felt did not outweigh the strength of the prima facie 
obviousness showing). 
4. 
Conclusion on Obviousness of Claims 1–8 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 
1, 2, 5, and 8 are unpatentable as obvious over Foley and claims 3, 4, 6, and 
7 are unpatentable as obvious over Foley and Plosker. 
E. 
Remaining Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–4 are anticipated by EMA. Pet. 21–33. 
Petitioner also asserts that claims 1–8 are unpatentable as obvious over 
EMA. Pet. 33–51. Because we have determined claims 1–8 of the ’310 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
38 
Patent are unpatentable as anticipated and/or obvious over Foley alone or in 
combination with Plosker and therefore dispositive as to all challenged 
claims, we need not reach the grounds over EMA for purposes of our 
Decision. See SAS Inst. Inc. v. Iancu, 138 S. Ct. 1348, 1359 (2018) (holding 
that a petitioner “is entitled to a final written decision addressing all of the 
claims it has challenged”); Bos. Sci. Scimed, Inc. v. Cook Grp. Inc., 809 F. 
App’x 984, 990 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (non-precedential) (recognizing that the 
“Board need not address issues that are not necessary to the resolution of the 
proceeding” and, thus, agreeing that the Board has “discretion to decline to 
decide additional instituted grounds once the petitioner has prevailed on all 
its challenged claims”). 
III. 
PETITIONER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
The party moving to exclude evidence bears the burden of proving 
that it is entitled to the relief requested—namely, that the material sought to 
be excluded is inadmissible under the Federal Rules of Evidence (“FRE”). 
See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.20(c), 42.62(a). 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Exclude Exhibits 2030, 2043–2047, 2060, 
and 1030 (125:9–130:25). Paper 59, 1. Patent Owner opposes Petitioner’s 
Motion. Paper 61. Because we determine claims 1–8 of the ’310 Patent are 
unpatentable even considering the objected-to evidence, we dismiss 
Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude as moot. 
 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
39 
IV. 
CONCLUSION17 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has 
established by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–8 of the ’310 
Patent are unpatentable. 
In summary: 
 
V. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–8 of U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 B2 are held 
unpatentable; 
 
17 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
18 As explained above, we need not reach the grounds involving EMA 
because the grounds over Foley are dispositive of all challenged claims. 
19 As explained above, we need not reach the grounds involving EMA 
because the grounds over Foley are dispositive of all challenged claims. 
Claim(s) 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2 
102 
Foley 
1, 2 
 
1, 2, 5, 8 
103 
Foley 
1, 2, 5, 8 
 
3, 4, 6, 7 
103 
Foley and Plosker 
3, 4, 6, 7 
 
1–4 
102 
EMA18 
 
 
1–8 
103 
EMA19 
 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–8 
 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
40 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is 
dismissed as moot; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
the parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirement of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00517 
Patent 10,828,310 B2 
41 
PETITIONER MYLAN: 
Richard Torczon 
Wendy Devine 
Elham F. Steiner 
Susannah Gagnon 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
rtorczon@wsgr.com 
wdevine@wsgr.com 
esteiner@wsgr.com 
sgagnon@wsgr.com 
 
PETITIONER TEVA: 
Chandrika Vira 
Ralph Powers 
STERNE, KESSLER, GOLDSTEIN & FOX P.L.L.C. 
cvira-ptab@sternekessler.com 
tpowers-ptab@sternekessler.com 
 
PETITIONER INVAGEN: 
Neal Seth 
Teresa Summers 
WILEY REIN LLP 
nseth@wiley.law 
tsummers@wiley.law 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Dov Grossman 
Julie Tavares 
WILLIAMS & CONNOLLY LLP 
dgrossman@wc.com 
jtavares@wc.com