--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 35 
571-272-7822 
Entered: January 28, 2026 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
DR. SQUATCH, LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
 
Before SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, and 
CHRISTOPHER M. KAISER, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judge. 
JUDGMENT 
 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
1 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. 
Background and Summary 
Dr. Squatch, LLC (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting inter 
partes review of claims 1–7 and 9–19 of U.S. Patent No. 10,905,647 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’647 patent”). Petition (“Pet.”), Paper 1. The Procter & 
Gamble Company (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response 
identifying itself as the owner of the ’647 patent. Preliminary Response 
(“Prelim. Resp.”), Paper 7. 
We instituted trial on January 29, 2025. Paper 12 (“Inst. Dec.”). 
During trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response. Paper 16 (“PO 
Resp.”). Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 20 (“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent 
Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 25 (“PO Sur-Reply”)). We held an oral 
hearing on October 22, 2025, and a transcript of that hearing is of record. 
Paper 34 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
full record developed through trial, we determine that Petitioner has proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Our reasoning is explained below, 
and we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a). 
B. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies Dr. Squatch, LLC, as its real party-in-interest. 
Pet. 1. Patent Owner identifies The Procter & Gamble Company as its real 
party-in-interest. Paper 5, 1. 
C. 
Related Matters 
The parties indicate that the ’647 patent is involved in The Procter & 
Gamble Company v. Dr. Squatch LLC, Case No. 2-24-cv-04711 (C.D. Cal.), 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
2 
filed November 29, 2022. Pet. 1; Paper 5, 1; Paper 33, 2. Petitioner has also 
filed petitions for inter partes review of the following patents: IPR2024-
01104 challenging U.S. Patent No. 11,540,999; IPR2024-01105 challenging 
U.S. Patent No. 10,966,915; and IPR2024-01174 challenging U.S. Patent 
No. 11,497,706. Paper 4, 1; Paper 33, 2. 
D. 
The ’647 Patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’647 patent is titled “Antiperspirant and Deodorant 
Compositions.” Ex. 1001, code (54). The ’647 patent is directed to 
antiperspirant and deodorant compositions and methods of making the 
compositions. Id. at 1:15–16, 10:65. More specifically, the ’647 patent is 
directed to formulating, in response to consumer demands, an aluminum-
free, natural fragrance deodorant that provides low irritation, while 
maintaining sufficient odor protection. Id. at 1:41–43. 
The ’647 patent explains that 
[c]onsumers are also seeking more natural products complete 
with fragrances that are mostly natural or essential oil based. 
They are further seeking products with lower irritation than they 
have experienced with baking soda based products. The 
challenge with formulating with the natural and essential oil 
fragrances is that they can be less stable in the presence of heat 
and extreme pH (either high or low). And products formulated 
with baking soda, which has a relatively high pH and high water 
solubility, can increase irritation, even for consumers with 
moderate sweat rates. Highly water soluble alkaline powders 
contribute negatively towards natural or essential oil stability as 
well, especially in hot process[es] needed to melt waxes. And 
high water soluble powders can also lead to gritty product, as the 
water soluble powders can agglomerate when exposed to 
moisture released from powders during the hot batch process. 
Id. at 1:25–40. 
 
The ’647 patent further states that the 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
3 
inventors of the present invention have found, surprisingly, that 
the combination of piroctone olamine and other antimicrobials 
can provide significant antimicrobial activity against two of the 
most common underarm odor bacteria C. mucofaciens and 
S. epidermidis, which results in consumer odor protection on par 
or greater than some of the commonly used commercial 
deodorants available today. 
Ex. 1001, 1:48–55; see id. at 12:24–34 (describing regulatory problems with 
using a sufficient amount of only one antimicrobial). To maintain the 
efficacy of piroctone olamine in the presence of iron and other impurities, 
the ’647 patent states that combining chelators and piroctone olamine in an 
anhydrous formulation or in particular ratios “can provide significantly 
higher levels of anti-fungal activity than either material alone.” Id. at 1:56–
63, 7:48–55 (stating a chelator can reduce the amount of piroctone olamine 
bonding with the iron impurity). 
 
The ’647 patent also observes that antimicrobials may be able to 
reduce microbes on the skin, but not affect microbes within hair follicles that 
may contribute to malodor. Ex. 1001, 1:64–67. To solve this problem, 
“[t]he inventors of the present invention have found that piroctone olamine 
and other antimicrobial powders, if used at a size that can fit into a hair 
follicle, can deliver surprisingly superior antimicrobial activity.” Id. at 
1:67–2:3. “It is believed that antimicrobial powders may provide a better 
deposition and have more longevity on the skin than antimicrobials 
delivered in a different form.” Id. at 10:61–63; see id. at 11:1–21. 
According to the ’647 patent, “a deodorant stick having at least about 
25% of a liquid triglyceride and structurants that have a melting point of 
greater than about 50° C. can result in a deodorant stick with a hardness 
from about 70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10.” Id. at 15:7–10. The ’647 
patent asserts that “[s]uch a deodorant stick is able to comprise consumer-

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
4 
perceived natural ingredients, while offering a pleasant consumer experience 
in terms of its hardness.” Id. at 15:10–13. 
The ’647 patent describes that the antiperspirant/deodorant 
compositions “can contain a primary structurant, an antiperspirant active, a 
perfume, and additional chassis ingredient(s) . . . in the form of a solid 
stick.” Id. at 14:47–54. The ’647 patent defines a “solid structurant” as 
“any material known or otherwise effective in providing suspending, gelling, 
viscosifying, solidifying, and/or thickening properties to the composition or 
which otherwise provide structure to the final product form.” Id. at 
15:58–62. 
The ’647 patent further describes a deodorant stick as 
comprising at least 25% of a liquid triglyceride; a primary 
antimicrobial having a water solubility of at most about 90 g/L 
at 25° C; a fragrance composition comprising at least about 50% 
natural oils, essential oils, or a combination thereof; and a 
primary structurant with a melting point of at least 50° C.; said 
deodorant stick being free of an aluminum salt; and said 
deodorant stick having a hardness from about 70 mm*10 to about 
140 mm*10, as measured by penetration with ASTM D-1321 
needle. 
Id. at 2:11–20. 
E. 
The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–7, 9–13, and 16–19. 1 Pet. 1. Claims 
1, 16, and 18 are independent. Claim 1 includes a hardness limitation that is 
contested in this inter partes review, but claims 16 and 17 that are subject to 
the anticipation ground involving Lesniak do not. Therefore, we find that 
claims 1, 16, and 17 are representative and are reproduced below. 
 
1 Claims 14 and 15 have been statutorily disclaimed. See PO Resp. 9 n.1; 
Ex. 2021, 1. We have adjusted the challenged claims to omit these claims. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
5 
1. A deodorant stick comprising: 
a. at least 25% by weight liquid triglyceride; 
b. a primary antimicrobial having a water solubility of at 
most about 90g/L at 25° C.; 
c. a fragrance composition comprising at least about 50% 
by weight of natural oils, essential oils, or a combination 
thereof; and 
d. a primary structurant with a melting point of at least 
about 50° C.; and 
said deodorant stick being free of an aluminum salt; and 
said deodorant stick having a hardness from about 70 
mm*10 to about 140 mm*10, as measured by penetration 
with ASTM D-1321 needle. 
Ex. 1001, 27:20–33. 
16. A deodorant stick comprising: 
a. at least 60% by weight liquid triglyceride; 
b. at least one antimicrobial; 
c. a fragrance composition comprising at least about 50% 
by weight of natural oils, essential oils, or a combination 
thereof; and 
said deodorant stick being free of an aluminum salt. 
17. The deodorant stick of claim 16, further comprising a 
primary structurant having a melting point from about 50° C. to 
about 80° C. 
F. 
Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 
Ex. 1003, Lesniak et al., US 11,433,018 B2, issued September 6, 
2022 (“Lesniak”). 
Ex. 1004, Phinney et al., US 9,314,412 B2, issued April 19, 2016 
(“Phinney”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
6 
Ex. 1006, Bianchi et al., US 6,048,518 B2, issued April 11, 2000 
(“Bianchi ’518”). 
Ex. 1007, Wayback Machine archives, captured May 26, 2016, 
November 23, 2016, and November 1, 2015 respectively for: 
https:/www.nativecos.com, https:/www.nativecos.com/product/
deodorant/, and https:/www.nativecos.com (“Native”). 
Ex. 1008, Bianchi, US 2007/0166254 A1, published July 19, 
2007 (“Bianchi ’254”). 
Ex. 1009, Wayback Machine archive, captured January 26, 
2017, for http:/soapdelinews.com/2016/11/easy-homemade-
deodorantrecipe.html (“Easy Homemade”). 
Ex. 1067, Nabavi et al., Antibacterial Effects of Cinnamon: 
From Farm to Food, Cosmetic and Pharmaceutical Industries, 
7 NUTRIENTS 7729–48 (2015) (“Nabavi”). 
Petitioner also relies on the declarations of Bozena B. Michniak-
Kohn, Ph.D. (Exs. 1002, 1086) to support its contentions. 
Patent Owner relies on the declaration of Robert Lochhead, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2011) to support its contentions. 
G. 
Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–7, 9–13, and 16–19 would have been 
unpatentable on the following grounds: 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
16–17 
102 or 103 
Lesniak 
2 
1, 4–7, 9–12, 18–19 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’518 
3 
2 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’518, 
Phinney 
 
2 Because the ’647 patent has an earliest possible effective filing date after 
March 16, 2013, it is subject to the post-grant review provisions of the 
America Invents Act. See The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. 
No. 112-29, 125 Stat. 284 (“AIA”) § (3)(n)(1)(A) (2011). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
7 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
4 
3, 13 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’518, 
Phinney, Nabavi 
5 
16, 17 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254 
6 
1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 18, 
19 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254, 
Easy Homemade 
7 
3, 13 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254, 
Easy Homemade, Nabavi 
 
H. 
Claim Construction 
The challenged claims “should be read in light of the Specification, as 
it would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art.” In re Suitco 
Surface, Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally 
give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re 
Translogic Tech., Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary 
and customary meaning is the meaning that the term would have to a person 
of ordinary skill in the art in question.” (internal quotation marks omitted)); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs 
according to the same standard as used in federal court). 
Petitioner does not argue that any claim terms require express 
construction. See generally Pet. 
Patent Owner asserts that the preamble of independent claim 1 
reciting “a deodorant stick” is limiting” as it provides antecedent basis for 
certain other claim elements, specifically, for the recitation of “said 
deodorant stick being free of an aluminum salt” and “said deodorant stick” 
having a particular hardness range. PO Resp. 8–9. Patent Owner also points 
to dependent claims 5–8 as relying on the preamble reciting “a deodorant 
stick” as antecedent basis for claim elements. Id. at 10. We agree. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
8 
Petitioner does not provide argument to the contrary. See, e.g., Pet. 24 
(arguing that Lesniak discloses a deodorant stick in the form of an 
antiperspirant stick). 
We determine that no express construction of any claim term is 
necessary to determine whether to institute inter partes review. Nidec Motor 
Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017) (“[W]e need only construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and 
only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” (quoting Vivid 
Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
To the extent further discussion of the meaning any claim term is necessary 
to our decision, we provide that discussion below in our analysis of the 
asserted grounds of unpatentability. 
I. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner proposes that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA” 
or “POSITA”) at the time of the invention “would have (1) at least a B.S. or 
equivalent degree; and (2) at least two years of experience in cosmetics 
formulations.” Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 27–28). Patent Owner does not 
dispute Petitioner’s proposal about the POSA’s qualifications. See generally 
PO Resp. 
We adopt and apply Petitioner’s proposed definition of a POSA, 
which is consistent with the level of skill reflected in the asserted prior art. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Introduction 
“In an inter partes review, the petitioner has the burden from the onset 
to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is unpatentable.” 
Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. Cir. 2016) 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
9 
(citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review petitions to 
identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the grounds for the 
challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never shifts to the 
patent owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 
F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Moreover, a petitioner should not “place 
the burden on [the Board] to sift through information presented by the 
Petitioners, determine where each element [of the challenged claims] is 
found in [the cited references], and identify any differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the teachings of [the cited references.]” Google 
Inc. v. EveryMD.com LLC, IPR2014-00347, Paper 9 at 25 (PTAB May 22, 
2014). 
1. Anticipation 
To show anticipation under § 102, each and every claim element, 
arranged as in the claim, must be found in a single prior art reference. Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2008). The prior 
art need not, however, use the same words as the claims in order to find 
anticipation. In re Gleave, 560 F.3d 1331, 1334 (Fed. Cir. 2009). It is also 
permissible to take into account not only the literal teachings of the prior art 
reference, but also the inferences an ordinarily skilled person would draw 
from the reference. Eli Lilly and Co. v. Los Angeles Biomedical Res. Inst. at 
Harbor-UCLA Med. Ctr., 849 F.3d 1073, 1074–75 (Fed. Cir. 2017); In re 
Preda, 401 F.2d 825, 826 (CCPA 1968). A reference may also anticipate a 
claim even if it does not expressly teach all the limitations arranged or 
combined as in the claim, “if a person of skill in the art, reading the 
reference, would ‘at once envisage’ the claimed arrangement or 
combination.” Microsoft Corp. v. Biscotti, Inc., 878 F.3d 1052, 1068 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017) (quoting Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
10 
1376, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2015)). 
2. Obviousness 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the differences 
between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed 
invention as a whole would have been obvious before the effective filing 
date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to 
which the claimed invention pertains. See KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 
U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis 
of underlying factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of 
the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the 
prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence 
of nonobviousness, if any. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 
(1966). 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
 
Accordingly, a party that petitions the Board for a determination of 
unpatentability based on obviousness must show that “a skilled artisan 
would have been motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art 
references to achieve the claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so.” In re 
Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (internal 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
11 
quotation marks omitted). “Both the suggestion and the expectation of 
success must be founded in the prior art, not in the applicant’s disclosure.” 
In re Dow Chemical Co., 837 F.2d 469, 473 (Fed. Cir. 1988). 
An obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take 
account of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would employ.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418; see In re Translogic Tech, 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1259 (Fed. Cir. 2007). In KSR, the Supreme Court also 
stated that an invention may be found obvious if trying a course of conduct 
would have been obvious to a POSITA: 
When there is a design need or market pressure to solve a 
problem and there are a finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions, a person of ordinary skill has good reason to pursue 
the known options within his or her technical grasp. If this leads 
to the anticipated success, it is likely the product not of 
innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense. In that 
instance the fact that a combination was obvious to try might 
show that it was obvious under § 103. 
550 U.S. at 421. “KSR affirmed the logical inverse of this statement by 
stating that § 103 bars patentability unless ‘the improvement is more than 
the predictable use of prior art elements according to their established 
functions.’” In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1359–60 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
these principles to determine whether Petitioner has met its burden to show 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
12 
B. 
Summary of the Cited Prior Art 
1. Lesniak (Ex. 1003) 
Lesniak is titled “NON-GREASY PERSONAL CARE 
COMPOSITIONS.” Ex. 1003, code (54). Lesniak provides an anhydrous 
personal care composition, comprising 
(a) at least one ester, wherein said at least one ester is selected 
from one or more of the following groups: (i) triglycerides, (ii) 
diglycerides, (iii) monoglycerides, (iv) monoesters of dials, and 
(v) diesters of dials, and wherein a total concentration of said at 
least one ester is 45 to 60 weight %, based on the total weight of 
the composition; (b) a first wax having a melting point of 35° C. 
to 72° C. present in an amount of 5 to 25 weight %, based on the 
total weight of the composition; (c) a second wax having a 
melting point of 73° C. to 90° C. present in an amount of 0.5 to 
15 weight% based on the total weight of the composition; (d) at 
least one plant oil having a saponification value of 150 to 275 mg 
KOH/g, wherein a total concentration of said at least one plant 
oil is from 5 to 35 weight%, based on the total weight of the 
composition. 
Id. at 5:32–48. Lesniak describes that “[o]ptionally, the at least one ester is a 
combination of caprylic triglyceride and capric triglyceride” in ranges from 
50–60 weight %, based on the total weight of the composition. Id. at 2:38–
39, 3:42–44. “Optionally, the composition further comprises zinc oxide . . . 
present in a concentration of 10 to 30 weight %.” Id. at 3:39–42. Lesniak 
describes that the composition may be in the form of a stick. Id. at 4:22. 
According to Lesniak, the compositions possess “good micro-robustness, . . . 
reduced greasiness and an improved after-feel (such as reduced tackiness 
and drag) on the skin as compared to other anhydrous compositions” and 
“are also physically stable at high and low temperatures.” Id. at 5:50–54. 
Lesniak discloses a desire to “to formulate such compositions from 
all-natural ingredients (i.e. ‘100% natural’ compositions).” Id. at 5:29–31. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
13 
Lesniak discloses that “the term ‘natural compositions’ indicates that the 
composition is formulated from ingredients which are extracted from the 
earth or sea, derived from plants, or synthesized by other organisms.” Id. at 
4:61–64. Lesniak discloses that the composition may comprise “essential 
oils which may be used as natural fragrances.” Id. at 8:38. 
2. Phinney (Ex. 1004) 
Phinney is titled “DEODORANT FORMULATION.” Ex. 1004, code 
(54). Phinney relates to a deodorant “formulation and preparation thereof 
with natural ingredients in the absence of heavy metal complexes and/or 
petroleum based or related compounds.” Id. at 1:7–9. Phinney discloses 
that “a mixture of the hydroxides of zinc and magnesium could provide long 
lasting protection against odour due to perspiration . . . and are dispersible in 
aerosols, moisturizing creams, sticks, sprays and roll-on type applicators.” 
Id. at 1:17–22. 
Phinney explains that zinc and aluminum oxide are “very unreactive 
against perspiration odour due to insolubility and low hydrolysis rate.” Id. at 
2:35–36. According to Phinney, “magnesium hydroxide, . . . has low 
solubility and therefore does not ‘wash away’ under heavy perspiration” and 
thus “provides 16–20 hour protection and more for a broad cross section of 
people.” Id. at 5:47–51. Phinney discloses an embodiment of a specific 
formulation prepared as a solid stick that “includes magnesium oxide in an 
amount of between 1% and 2.5% by weight and zinc oxide in an amount of 
between 0.5% and 1.5% by weight.” Id. at 6:32–34, 6:12, 8:46–57 
(claim 1). 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
14 
3. Bianchi ’518 (Ex. 1006) 
Bianchi ’518 is titled “LOW RESIDUE SOLID 
ANTIPERSPIRANT.” Ex. 1006, code (54). Bianchi ’518 “relates to 
antiperspirant sticks, substantially free of water and long chain fatty 
alcohols, which provide the user with excellent antiperspirant efficacy, 
reduced residue when the composition is first applied to the skin, reduced 
residue after dry down, high temperature stability, and excellent cosmetics 
and aesthetics. Id. at 1:8–13. 
Bianchi ’518 discloses that the antiperspirant composition possesses a 
specification of “Penetration-ASTM D-1321@ 100/77/5 10–16.” Id. at 
2:57–58. Bianchi ’518 explains that 
[o]ne important physical parameter affecting consumer 
acceptance of suspensoid antiperspirant sticks of the invention is 
hardness as measured by needle penetration. Typical 
compositions of the invention will range in hardness from about 
7.0 to about 14.0 mm as shown by the above mentioned needle 
penetration test. Products outside this range will typically 
generate low consumer acceptance ratings. 
Id. at 6:23–29. 
4. Native (Ex. 1007) 
Native is a printed publication from a website advertising a deodorant 
product sold in 2016. Ex. 1007, 5–8, 11–12, 14–18. Native is advertised as 
a “Deodorant That Isn’t A Chemistry Experiment,” which contains 
“NATURAL INGREDIENTS” and is “ALUMINUM-FREE.” Id. at 5. 
Native lists each ingredient for the Native deodorant stick product, 
including, inter alia, shea butter, beeswax, baking soda, and stearyl alcohol. 
Id. at 6, 11. 
The picture on page 5 of Native, reproduced below, illustrates a 
deodorant product. Id. at 5. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
15 
 
The picture of the Native deodorant product, reproduced above, 
illustrates the deodorant stick in a supine position with the cap removed. Id. 
5. Bianchi ’254 (Ex. 1008) 
Bianchi ’254 is titled “ANTIPERSPIRANT STICK 
COMPOSITIONS.” Ex. 1008, code (54). Bianchi ’254 discloses 
“antiperspirant stick compositions comprising specified amounts of 
antiperspirant active; carrier oil comprising volatile silicone oil and non-
volatile masking oil; structurant comprising fatty alcohol and cosmetically 
acceptable wax having a melting point of 75 to 95° C., a portion of wax 
comprises polyethylene in specified amounts.” Id. at code (57). Bianchi 
’254 addresses 
a need for non-whitening fatty alcohol-containing antiperspirant 
sticks, particularly sticks containing fatty alcohol at levels of 
12% by weight or above, more particularly, 15 wt % or above. 
Also desired are non-whitening fatty alcohol-containing sticks 
that have desirable antiperspirant payouts, while providing a 
‘clean’, non-sticky feel. There also remains a need for a non-
whitening fatty-alcohol containing stick that provides desirable 
payout as well as being thermally stable and resistant to dome 
collapse at temperatures of 50° C. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
16 
Id. ¶ 10. Table 5 of Bianchi ’254 provides eight different formulations of 
antiperspirant sticks with each of their respective components and amounts 
listed. Id. ¶ 131. 
Bianchi ’254 explains that the “[t]he hardness of the sticks can be 
measured in a needle penetration test.” Id. ¶ 26. Bianchi ’254 describes the 
method for measuring stick hardness using a “brass/steel tapered needle 
(DIN 51-579)” depth on six locations of the stick, “with the hardness values 
being reported as an average of the six measurements.” Id. ¶ 117. 
6. Easy Homemade (Ex. 1009) 
Easy Homemade is a printed publication of a blog post titled “Easy 
Homemade Deodorant Recipe with just 3-Ingredients.” Ex. 1009, 5. Easy 
Homemade describes the blogger’s first experience with natural deodorant, 
but falling “victim to the burning fiery rash you get after using deodorant 
with baking soda.” Id. at 6. Easy Homemade describes that the blogger 
discovered that she “could swap the baking soda with magnesium hydroxide 
- basically the same thing as Milk of Magnesia - and it worked just as well.” 
Id. 
The Easy Homemade blogger describes melting “two natural 
deodorants” that are aluminum-free, and making a “[h]uge difference” in 
each deodorants’ performance by adding “arrowroot powder and magnesium 
hydroxide to them.” Id. at 7. Easy Homemade provides a deodorant recipe 
and lists “2.15 oz. natural aluminium free deodorant (base) of choice[,] 1 oz. 
arrowroot powder[,] .5 oz. magnesium hydroxide[,]” to which one may 
“[a]dd essential oils if desired.” Id. at 7–8. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
17 
7. Nabavi (Ex. 1067) 
Nabavi, titled “Antibacterial Effects of Cinnamon: From Farm to 
Food, Cosmetic and Pharmaceutical Industries,” is a review of the literature 
about the antibacterial effects of cinnamon. Ex. 1067, 7729. The review 
concluded that “[c]innamon use in food products and cosmetics could be a 
good strategy to reduce or avoid bacterial degradation and thus to reduce the 
incidence of infection caused by food and cosmetics.” Id. at 7742. 
C. 
The Lesniak Grounds (Grounds 1–4) 
1. Ground 1 (Claims 16 and 17) 
Petitioner asserts that claims 16–17 are either anticipated by or would 
have been obvious over Lesniak. Pet. 6, 24–30. In support of its assertion, 
Petitioner provides a detailed discussion and claim chart for this ground 
explaining how each claim limitation is disclosed in Lesniak and how its 
assertions are supported by the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn. See 
Pet. 26–30 (Ground 1; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 56–75). 
Patent Owner disagrees and provides several arguments for why 
Lesniak does not anticipate or render the challenged claims obvious. PO 
Resp. 16–33; Sur-reply 17–22. 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that the preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 
that Lesniak anticipates each of challenged claims 16 and 17. We address the 
parties’ arguments below. We begin our analysis addressing the disputed 
elements of claim 16 and 17. 
a) Independent claim 16 and Dependent Claim 17 
Claim 16 recites a deodorant stick comprising at least 60% by weight 
liquid triglyceride, at least one antimicrobial, and a fragrance composition of 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
18 
at least about 50% by weight of natural oils, essential oils, or a combination 
thereof. Ex. 1001, 28:34–40. Claim 16 further requires that the deodorant 
stick be free of an aluminum salt. Id. at 28:41. 
Petitioner notes that Lesniak teaches personal care compositions 
formed from natural ingredients, including a deodorant stick in the form of 
an antiperspirant stick. Pet. 24 (citing Ex. 1003, 1:16–35, 4:22, 4:61–67, 
5:5–32, 10:27, 101–33), 26 (citing Ex. 1003, 4:22, 9:45, 10:27; Ex. 1002 
¶ 61). Petitioner also asserts that Lesniak teaches compositions that may 
include up to 60% of a liquid triglyceride such as caprylic/capric 
triglyceride, a primary antimicrobial (i.e., zinc oxide), see Ex. 1002 ¶ 62, a 
fragrance composition of at least 50% essential oils (in particular, 100%), 
and a primary structurant with a melting point of at least 50 °C (i.e., 
beeswax). Id. at 26–30 (claim chart). Petitioner also notes that Lesniak’s 
compositions do not contain aluminum salts or synthetic fragrances. Pet. 25 
(citing Ex. 1003, 3:50–4:21, 8:37–42). 
Patent Owner responds to Petitioner’s challenge with several 
arguments, which we address below. PO Resp. 16–33. Patent Owner 
summarizes its position as follows. 
 
In sum, Lesniak provides no teaching of a stable 
“deodorant stick,” no teaching of a stable “antiperspirant stick,” 
and at least nine different sunscreen formulas with slight 
variations that are all unstable. Among all of this is one 
example sunscreen “stick” as to which stability is unknown. A 
POSA armed with Lesniak’s disclosure on the fragility of its 
crystal-network-structured compositions—which lacks 
guidance as to how to formulate a stable deodorant or 
antiperspirant stick—would not have been enabled to make and 
use the claimed “deodorant stick.” None of Petitioner’s other 
references remedy this deficiency; Petitioner does not attempt 
to argue that they do. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
19 
Id. at 31 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 55–69). 
b) Whether Lesniak discloses a deodorant stick 
Patent Owner first contends that “Lesniak does not disclose a 
‘deodorant stick,’ as required by the preamble of the independent claims.” 
PO Resp. 16. Patent Owner acknowledges that Lesniak suggests that “[t]he 
composition can also be an antiperspirant” (Ex. 1003, 10:27–29), but 
contends that Lesniak fails to “specify any form of antiperspirant, which can 
come in a variety of forms, including aerosol sprays, creams, liquids, and 
gels.” PO Resp. 20–21. Patent Owner further contends that Lesniak’s 
“passing references to ‘antiperspirant’ fail to convert Lesniak into something 
other than a reference about the embodied sunscreens and diaper creams.” 
Id. at 21. 
 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments. Rather, we 
agree with Petitioner that Lesniak teaches anhydrous personal care 
compositions where “[t]he composition can . . . be an antiperspirant” and 
“can also be a stick.” Ex. 1003, 9:45, 10:27. Thus, Lesniak teaches or 
suggests a deodorant in the form of an antiperspirant. Pet. Reply 3 (citing 
Ex. 1036, 2 (“all antiperspirants are deodorants”); Ex. 1037, 246 (same); 
Ex. 1084, 33 (“[T]he main mechanisms through which deodorant products 
intended to combat body odors . . . were the usage of antiperspirants that 
prevent perspiration[.]”)). In light of those express disclosures, we are 
unpersuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments that Lesniak fails to teach or 
suggest a “deodorant stick.” 
c) Whether antiperspirants must contain aluminum 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak’s antiperspirants must contain 
aluminum. PO Resp. 20–21. Specifically, Patent Owner contends that, 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
20 
To a POSA, the term “antiperspirant” means a composition 
containing an aluminum salt or complex—the only antiperspirant 
actives approved by the FDA. See 37 C.F.R. 350. As 
Dr. Lochhead explains, a POSA would have understood that the 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulates antiperspirants as 
drugs and regards deodorants as cosmetics. (Ex. 2011 at ¶ 51.) 
A POSA would have further understood Lesniak’s disclosure of 
“antiperspirant” as requiring the use of an antiperspirant active, 
and the only antiperspirant actives approved by the FDA all 
contain aluminum. (Id.) 
PO Resp. 21 (footnote omitted); see also PO Sur-reply 18–19 (a POSA’s 
understanding of “antiperspirants,” now and at the time of Lesniak, is that 
they contain aluminum (citing Ex. 1081,3 60:12–14 (“[A] POSA would 
understand if you’re talking about an antiperspirant, it has to have 
aluminum.”); Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 51–54). 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument. Rather, we agree 
with Petitioner that, “[w]hile [Patent Owner] emphasizes that the FDA 
requires antiperspirants marketed in the U.S. to contain aluminum, 
anticipation and obviousness are distinct from FDA regulatory 
requirements.” Reply 4 (citing Persion Pharms. LLC v. Alvogen Malta Ops. 
Ltd., 945 F.3d 1184, 1193 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“FDA’s approval requirements 
do not undermine the force of the evidence as to obviousness”)). Indeed, the 
evidence of record shows that zinc compounds were known antiperspirant 
actives that could be alternatives to aluminum. Id. at 5 (citing Ex. 1003, 
3:39–4:21, 8:46–48, 10:27 (describing zinc-based antiperspirant 
compositions); Ex. 1014 ¶ 20 (“[A]ntiperspirant actives include astringent 
metallic salts, particularly inorganic and organic salts of aluminum, 
zirconium, and zinc, as well as mixtures thereof.”)); see also Ex. 1002 ¶ 76 
 
3 Ex. 1081, Dr. Robert Lochhead Deposition Transcript, July 10, 2025. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
21 
(“Lesniak’s formulations include zinc oxide, which was a known alternative 
to aluminum.”) (citing Ex. 1003, 1:39–2:30, 3:43–4:21, 5:32–6:23, 8:31–
9:59). 
d) Whether Lesniak enables a deodorant stick 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak fails to provide sufficient 
guidance as to how to formulate a stable deodorant or antiperspirant stick, 
and therefore, is non-enabling. PO Resp. 25–31 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 55–56). 
In particular, Patent Owner contends that “the only ‘stick’ formulation 
Lesniak expressly teaches is a sunscreen stick.” Id. at 26 (citing Ex. 1003, 
Table 7). Patent Owner also directs our attention to the results disclosed in 
Lesniak’s Table 2 and argues that Lesniak’s compositions suffered from 
stability issues. Id. at 27–31; see also PO Sur-reply 17 (“Lesniak’s Table 2 
shows that even small changes in a composition can yield unstable results,” 
demonstrating that the art is unpredictable.). Patent Owner concludes that 
“Lesniak provides no teaching of a stable ‘deodorant stick,’ no teaching of a 
stable ‘antiperspirant stick,’ and at least nine different sunscreen formulas 
with slight variations that are all unstable.” PO Resp. 30 (citing Ex. 2011 
¶ 68). 
We find that the evidence of record fails to support Patent Owner’s 
argument that the Lesniak fails to enable a stable deodorant stick. Rather, 
we are persuaded by Petitioner that Lesniak sufficiently teaches 
compositions with the relevant ingredients and achieves stable compositions 
through the use of a second wax having a melting point of 73 to 90° C. Pet. 
Reply 8 (citing Ex. 1003, 1:39–54). For example, Lesniak’s compositions 
(nos. 8 and 11) that used such a second wax, namely CastorWax MP80, are 
disclosed as sufficiently stable. Ex. 1003, Table 2. Here, we further credit 
the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn that 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
22 
Lesniak teaches how to make stable compositions by including a 
secondary wax, such as castor wax, with a sufficiently high 
melting point. Ex. 1003, 1:39-54, 5:23-32, Table 2. Both of the 
compositions (nos. 8 and 11) tested by Lesniak that had such a 
wax passed the stability tests. 
Ex. 1086 ¶ 7; see also Reply 8 (“Lesniak overcame any stability issues, as it 
expressly discloses compositions that are ‘physically stable at high and low 
temperatures.’”) (citing Ex. 1003, 5:23–32). 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we determine that Lesniak provides sufficient disclosure 
to enable a person of ordinary skill in the art to formulate a deodorant stick 
within the parameters of claims 16 and 17. 
e) Conclusion as to Claims 16 and 17 
We agree with Petitioner that “the challenged claims recite nothing 
more than well-known deodorant ingredients performing their conventional 
functions.” Pet. Reply 2. Therefore, for the reasons discussed above, we 
conclude that Petitioner has proved by a preponderance of evidence that 
Lesniak anticipates claims 16 and 17. 
2. Ground 2 (Claims 1, 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 19) 
Petitioner contends that claims 1, 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 19 would have 
been obvious over Lesniak and Bianchi ’518. Pet. 41–50. Petitioner relies 
on the teachings of Lesniak as discussed above for Ground 1, but recognizes 
that “Lesniak does not expressly teach hardness as measured by penetration 
with an ASTM-D 1321 needle.” Pet. 41; Ex. 1002 ¶ 76. Petitioner relies on 
Bianchi for this teaching. Pet. 41; Ex. 1002 ¶ 76. Petitioner asserts that 
“Bianchi ’518 teaches that the claimed hardness range of about 7.0 mm to 
about 14.0 mm (equivalent to about 70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10), as 
measured by penetration with an ASTM-D needle, was ‘typical,’ and 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
23 
products outside of the range were known to generate low consumer 
acceptance ratings.” Pet. 41 (citing Ex. 1006, 2:56–58, 6:23–29); Ex. 1002 
¶ 76. 
Petitioner asserts a POSA would be motivated to combine the 
teachings of Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 because hardness was “an important 
physical parameter affecting consumer acceptance,” and Lesniak “is directed 
to formulating deodorant sticks that have the ‘skin feel’ desired by 
consumers.” Pet. 31–32 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 76; Ex. 1003, 1:16–35). 
Petitioner concludes that “a POSA would have looked at publications, like 
Bianchi ’518, to find consumer acceptable hardness ranges in formulating a 
stick composition acceptable to consumers,” and would have had a 
reasonable expectation of success in doing so because Bianchi ’518 “had 
successfully formulated antiperspirants to have a hardness within that 
range.” Id. at 31–32 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 77–79; Ex. 1006, 2:56–58, 6:23–
29). Petitioner concludes that a POSA would have understood how to adjust 
hardness by altering the amount of the primary structurant and/or by 
incorporating secondary structurants. Id. at 32–33 (citing Ex. 1003, 9:45–
54, 1:39–2:30, 3:43–4:21, 5:32–48; Ex. 1014 ¶¶ 3, 28–29). 
Patent Owner disagrees and provides several arguments for why 
Lesniak does not anticipate or render the challenged claims obvious. PO 
Resp. 16–41; Sur-reply 17–22. 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 
that Lesniak renders obvious each of challenged claims 1, 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 
19. We address the parties’ arguments below. We begin our analysis 
addressing the disputed elements of claim 1. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
24 
a) Independent Claim 1 
In addition to the arguments Patent Owner raised concerning 
Ground 1 that we address above, Patent Owner asserts that a POSA would 
have no reason to modify Lesniak and neither Lesniak nor Bianchi ’518 
discloses the claimed stick harness range. PO Resp. 32–41. We address 
each of these arguments in turn. 
(1) Motivation to Combine Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner’s argument is inconsistent 
because it asserts that a POSA “would have understood Lesniak’s 
formulations to be complete deodorant sticks that did not require additional 
ingredients,” see Pet. 29, 35, yet “also contends that a POSA would have 
sought to modify Lesniak by adding and changing a host of different 
ingredients and their amounts.” PO Resp. 32 (citing Pet. 24–37; Ex. 1002 
¶ 76; Ex. 2012, 59:4–7). Patent Owner compares the formulations of 
Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 asserting that a “POSA would not have been 
motivated to consider the teachings of Bianchi-518 in combination with 
Lesniak, as the Bianchi compositions require large amounts of non-natural 
ingredients (volatile silicones), and using such non-natural ingredients would 
defeat the core objective of Lesniak to provide natural compositions.” PO 
Resp. 33–34. 
Petitioner responds that “[a] complete deodorant is merely one that 
qualifies as a deodorant without the need for additional ingredients. It does 
not mean that Lesniak’s formulations were perfect or that a POSA lacked 
any reason to improve or modify them.” Pet. Reply 9–10 (citing Ex. 1081, 
43:25–44:18 (asserting admission by statement that “there was a motivation 
to make [deodorants] better,” notwithstanding that they were “complete”). 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
25 
We determine that Petitioner has the better position here. Therefore, 
we determine that this ground does not fail because a POSA would have had 
no motivation to modify Lesniak. A POSA would have motivation to make 
a formula that works better. 
We also determine that Petitioner does not rely on the teachings of 
Bianchi ’518 relating to its non-natural ingredients, such as silicones, but on 
its teaching concerning an acceptable hardness range to accommodate 
consumer preferences. See Pet. 30–34. To that point, Lesniak teaches the 
use of a first and second wax as preferred structurants, and the evidence of 
record supports a conclusion that a POSA would understand how to 
formulate a deodorant stick using the structurants taught in Lesniak. See, 
e.g., Pet. 21–33; Ex. 1002 ¶ 42 (“For deodorant sticks, the structurant is 
what mixed with the carrier oil to cause the formulation to have the 
consistency (e.g., hardness) of a stick form. In addition to adjusting the 
balance between, e.g., waxes of different melting points to control hardness, 
a POSA would have appreciated that the amount of structurant controls the 
hardness of the stick.”). Therefore, Patent Owner’s argument concerning the 
lack of a reason to combine the references based on the natural or non-
natural nature of the ingredients of Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 is 
unpersuasive. 
(2) Whether Lesniak nor Bianchi-518 Disclose a Stick of the 
Claimed Hardness 
As noted above, claim 1 requires that the claimed deodorant stick has 
“a hardness from about 70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10, as measured by 
penetration with ASTM D-1321 needle.” Ex. 1001, 27:31–33 (claim 1). For 
this element, Petitioner relies on Bianchi ’518’s teaching that consumers 
prefer products falling within a hardness range of about 7.0 mm to about 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
26 
14.0 mm (equivalent to about 70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10), as measured 
by the standard ASTM-D 1321 needle penetration test. Pet. 30 (citing 
Ex. 1006, 2:56–58, 6:23–29). 
Patent Owner contends that the standard hardness test referenced in 
Bianchi-518 is different from the test described in the ’647 patent and 
contends that “the Bianchi hardness test uses a needle and shaft with double 
the weight of the needle and shaft used in the ’647 Patent [100 grams vs. 50 
grams], and thus its so-called same or similar hardness ranges reflect that the 
Bianchi compositions are actually significantly harder than those claimed in 
the ’647 Patent (i.e., it requires twice the weight of the penetration needle 
assembly to yield similar penetration depths).” PO Resp. 35 (citing 
Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 74–78; Ex. 2018,4 5–6 (“Place a 50-g weight above the 
penetrometer needle, making a total load of 100 ± 0.015 g for the needle and 
all attachments.”)). Patent Owner supports its argument with the testimony 
of Dr. Lochhead, who explains that 
The ’647 Patent uses a different testing method. The ’647 
Patent explains that its invention exhibits a hardness in the range 
of “70 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10,” as measured using an 
ASTM D-1321 penetration needle in a test similar to ASTM 
D-1321, but with one significant difference: “the total weight of 
the shaft and needle is 50±0.2 grams when the shaft is in free 
fall.” (’647 at 23:25-26.) The ’647 Patent’s method does not 
include the “50-g weight” added to the needle assembly as an 
additional load, which is used in the standard ASTM D-1321 test 
utilized by Bianchi-518. 
Ex. 2011 ¶ 82; see PO Resp. 36. Patent Owner further contends that the 
evidence of record fails to support a conclusion that Bianchi ’518’s test and 
 
4 Ex. 2018, ASTM D-1321 Needle Penetration Test Standard (1996). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
27 
the ’647 patent’s test would produce overlapping hardness ranges. Id. 
at 37.5 
We find that the evidence of record fails to support Patent Owner’s 
position that the ’647 patent discloses a unique hardness test. As noted by 
Petitioner, the ’647 patent discloses that hardness was measured by 
“penetration with ASTM D-1321 needle (see Hardness test method below).” 
Ex. 1001, 15:37–40; see also id. at Abst., 2:19–20. The ’647 patent 
describes that its hardness test was based on ASTM D-1321 and used 
penetration needles “as specified for the ASTM D 1321 D 1321/DIN 51 579, 
Officially certified, Taper-Tipped needle, No. H-1310, Humboldt Mfg.” Id. 
at 23:12–15. The ’647 patent further discloses that “[p]eriodic calibration 
should confirm: . . . the total weight of the shaft and needle is 50±0.2 grams 
when the shaft is in free fall.” Id. at 23:20–26. That disclosure for periodic 
calibration coincides with the requirement under the ASTM D-1321 test that 
“[t]he final weight of the needle shall be 2.5 ± 0.05 g. The total weight of the 
plunger shall be 47.5 ± 0.05 g.” Ex. 2018, 5. However, the ASTM D-1321 
test also makes clear that a 50-gram weight is placed “above the 
penetrometer needle, making a total load of 100 ± 0.15 g for the needle and 
all attachments,” which is consistent with Bianchi ’518’s disclosure of a test 
using 100 grams of weight. PO Resp. 36; Ex. 1006, 2:58, 6:25-28. 
The ’647 patent, on the other hand, fails to expressly disclose whether 
the test was performed without the required 50-gram weight placed above 
 
5 Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner improperly submitted evidence with its 
Reply to correlate the hardness test methods of the Bianchi references and 
the challenged claims. See Papers 22, 23. Because we do not agree on the 
record before us that these test methods are different, we do not rely on 
Petitioner's newly submitted evidence and will not further address Patent 
Owner's assertions. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
28 
the penetrometer needle, and its silence to that fact is insufficient to persuade 
us that a different test was ultimately intended or performed. Rather, we are 
persuaded by the following testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn: 
Dr. Lochhead states that he believes the claimed recitation 
of a hardness range “as measured by penetration with ASTM D-
1321 needle” should not be understood to indicate the ASTM D-
1321 standard, but a modification of that standard. Ex. 2011, 37. 
As a basis for his opinion. Dr. Lochhead focuses on language in 
the ’647 Patent that “the total weight of the shaft and needle is 
50±0.2 grams.” Ex. 2011, ¶26. But he omits the preceding 
language, which states that this is the weight to be used for 
“[p]eriodic calibration” to “confirm” that the equipment is in 
proper working order. Ex. 1001, 23:20-29. That “[p]eriodic 
calibration” section precedes a section identifying what needs to 
be confirmed “[a]t the time of use.” Id., 23:29-36. Those two 
sections would suggest to a POSA routine checking of 
equipment. Only after those two sections does the specification 
set forth the test. Id., 23:37–24:14 (“Sample Preparation and 
Measurement”). Moreover, the “[p]eriodic calibration” 
comports with the ASTM D-1321 standard, which likewise 
requires that the “weight of the needle shall be 2.5 g” and the 
weight of the plunger shall be 47.5 g,” for a 50-g total weight of 
the needle assembly. Ex. 2018, 5. Although the ASTM D-1321 
standard further describes using an additional 50-g weight during 
the test, a POSA would not read the ’647 Patent to exclude that 
weight. Rather, a POSA would consult the details of the ASTM 
D-1321 standard identified by the ’647 Patent to ensure 
compliance. 
Ex. 1086 ¶ 3. 
Accordingly, having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of 
record, summarized above, we determine that a POSA would have been 
motivated to formulate Lesniak’s deodorant stick to be within the claimed 
hardness range, which overlaps with ranges known to be acceptable to 
consumers as disclosed in Bianchi ’518, with a reasonable expectation of 
success. Pet. 31–33 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 76–80). 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
29 
(3) Conclusion as to Claim 1 
For the reasons discussed above, we conclude that Petitioner has 
proved by a preponderance of evidence that the combined teachings of 
Lesniak and Bianchi ’518 render claim 1 obvious. 
b) Claims 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 19 
 Petitioner argues that claims 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 19 would have been 
obvious over the combination of Lesniak and Bianchi ’518. Pet. 30–37. 
Patent Owner presents the arguments discussed above regarding the 
limitations of claim 1, but does not present arguments or direct us to 
evidence against Petitioner’s challenges that are specific to the limitations of 
claims 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 19. See generally PO Resp. 
Upon review of Petitioner’s undisputed argument, which we adopt as 
our own, and the evidence of record, we determine that Petitioner has 
demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that each of the limitations 
recited in claims 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 19 are suggested by the above-identified 
prior art, and that the skilled artisan would have had reason to make the 
combination with a reasonable expectation of success. See, e.g., Pet. 30–37. 
c) Summary 
The preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s argument 
that claims 1, 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 19 would have been obvious over the 
combination of Lesniak and Bianchi ’518. Patent Owner does not persuade 
us otherwise. Accordingly, we determine that claims 1, 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 
19 are rendered obvious by the combination of Lesniak and Bianchi ’518. 
3. Ground 3 (Claim 2) 
Petitioner contends that claim 2 would have been obvious over 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’518, and Phinney. Pet. 44–45. Claim 2 depends from 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
30 
claim 1 and further requires that the primary antimicrobial be selected from 
a group of antimicrobials, one of which is magnesium hydroxide. See 
Ex. 1001, 27:34–40. Petitioner relies on Phinney for teaching this additional 
limitation of using magnesium hydroxide in addition to zinc oxide as an 
antimicrobial in a deodorant stick. See Pet. 37. 
Petitioner provides a detailed claim chart for this ground explaining 
how each claim limitation is disclosed in the asserted references and how its 
assertions are supported by the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn. See Pet. 
33–37; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 102–109. 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak and Phinney describe entirely 
different uses for their metal oxides/hydroxides. PO Resp. 42. In particular, 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak includes zinc oxide in sunscreen and 
diaper cream compositions as a protective barrier, not for odor control. Id. 
at 42–43. Moreover, Patent Owner contends that “Lesniak’s formulas with 
high concentrations of zinc oxide [are] unsuitable for use as an underarm 
deodorant or antiperspirant.” Id. (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 26; Ex. 1004, 2:33–36 
(“[Z]inc oxide… [is] very unreactive against perspiration odour.”), 3:20–21). 
Thus, a “POSA would not have been motivated to look at Phinney to modify 
Lesniak or incorporate any additional antimicrobial into Lesniak ‘to improve 
odor protection,’ as odor protection was not a goal of Lesniak’s zinc oxide in 
the first place.” Id. at 43. 
Furthermore, Patent Owner contends that Phinney does not suggest a 
combination of zinc oxide and magnesium hydroxide. PO Resp. 43–44. 
Rather, according to Patent Owner, 
Petitioner cherry picks the single ingredient magnesium 
hydroxide from Phinney’s disclosure of a three- or four-
ingredient combination to combat odor. Phinney explains that to 
combat odor, its compositions contain a combination of 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
31 
(1) magnesium hydroxide, and (2) zinc hydroxide, and 
(3) potassium chloride and/or potassium sulfate. (Ex. 1004 at 
8:7-31, cl. 1.) There are two significant aspects to this multi-part 
odor fighting combination: the requirement of zinc hydroxide, 
not 
zinc 
oxide; 
and 
the 
requirement 
of 
potassium 
chloride/sulfate. (Ex. 2011 at ¶ 67.) 
Id. at 43. Patent Owner further contends that Lesniak and Phinney are 
incompatible, arguing that Lesniak’s compositions are anhydrous while 
Phinney’s compositions require water. Id. at 46 (citing 2011 ¶¶ 100); see 
also Ex. 1004, 4:48–51, 8:22–41 (explaining magnesium oxide and zinc 
oxide are both mixed with water to become their respective hydroxides, and 
that they “must be completely converted to their hydroxides or skin irritation 
will occur”); Sur-reply 20–21. 
We have considered Patent Owner’s arguments but find, on this 
record, Petitioner to have the better position. In particular, we are persuaded 
that a POSA would have been motivated to add magnesium hydroxide to 
Lesniak’s compositions because 
Phinney teaches that: (i) zinc oxide has “low activity” as a 
“deodorant agent”; (ii) magnesium hydroxide is “an effective 
deodorant”; and (iii) zinc and magnesium compounds have 
synergistic effects, hence motivating a POSA to add magnesium 
hydroxide to Lesniak’s zinc oxide deodorants. Ex. 1004, 1:13-
3:16, 5:61-67. 
Pet. Reply 10; see also Pet. 27–38 (arguing that a POSA would have found it 
obvious to add magnesium hydroxide to the composition of Lesniak because 
zinc oxide is not a particularly efficacious antimicrobial in deodorants when 
used alone, whereas magnesium hydroxide is an effective deodorant). 
We acknowledge that Phinney suggests mixing zinc oxide with water 
in order to convert zinc oxide to zinc hydroxide. See, e.g., Ex. 1004, 1:17–
19 (“It was also found that a mixture of the hydroxides of zinc and 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
32 
magnesium could provide long lasting protection against odour due to 
perspiration.”). The evidence of record, however, shows that both 
magnesium hydroxide and zinc oxide were known options for deodorant 
antimicrobials, and claim 2 does not require a minimal level of effectiveness 
such that the combination of magnesium hydroxide and zinc oxide would 
need to outperform any other combination including the mixture of zinc and 
magnesium hydroxides. See In re Fulton, 391 F.3d 1195, 1200 (Fed. Cir. 
2004) (“Our case law does not require that a particular combination must be 
the preferred, or the most desirable, combination[.]”). Here, we also credit 
the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn that a “POSA would understand that 
the water-based vs. anhydrous distinction is not relevant, as a POSA would 
understand that magnesium hydroxide would still function as an 
antimicrobial in anhydrous compositions such as those disclosed by 
Lesniak.” Ex. 1086 ¶ 9 (citing Ex. 1072, 1–2, 5 (disclosing deodorants 
without added water and with zinc oxide and/or magnesium hydroxide)). 
Accordingly, we are persuaded by Petitioner that “a POSA would have been 
motivated to incorporate magnesium hydroxide into Lesniak’s composition 
following Phinney’s guidance, as this combination would improve odor 
protection while maintaining the ‘natural’ composition intended by 
Lesniak.” Pet. 51–52. 
 
Ultimately, however, it does not matter whether Phinney teaches a 
composition that contains water. “[I]t is not necessary that [two pieces of 
prior art] be physically combinable to render obvious” the claimed subject 
matter. Allied Erecting and Dismantling Co., Inc. v. Genesis Attachments, 
LLC, 825 F.3d 1373, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (quoting In re Sneed, 710 F.2d 
1544, 1550 (Fed. Cir. 1983)). Rather, the question is “whether the claimed 
inventions are rendered obvious by the teachings of the prior art as a whole.” 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
33 
In re Etter, 756 F.2d 852, 859 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (noting that whether one 
prior art reference can be incorporated into another is “basically irrelevant.”) 
Lesniak and Phinney undisputedly teach that magnesium hydroxide and zinc 
oxide were known ingredients in personal care products including deodorant 
sticks. The inclusion of magnesium hydroxide and zinc oxide into a single 
product therefore represents, absent evidence to the contrary, “a combination 
of familiar elements according to known methods that does no more than 
yield predictable results.” Agrizap, Inc. v. Woodstream Corp., 520 F.3d 
1337, 1344 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
Additionally, Patent Owner contends that Lesniak’s compositions 
contain large amounts of zinc oxide (up to 20%) and that a POSA would 
have understood that “Lesniak’s upwards of 20% zinc oxide compositions to 
be far from the 0.5-1.5% of zinc hydroxide used in Phinney.” PO Resp. 45–
46 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 99; Ex. 2012, 84:14–16). We are not persuaded. The 
evidence of record does not support a conclusion that compositions 
comprising 10 to 30% zinc oxide such as disclosed in Lesniak would not be 
appropriate for deodorants. Again, we credit the testimony of 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn “that deodorants were known to contain ranges of zinc 
oxide that encompass the amount of zinc oxide in Lesniak’s compositions.” 
Ex. 1086 ¶ 9 (citing Ex. 1001, 10:47–59; Ex. 1072, 1–2 (disclosing 
deodorants having “from 0.5 to 20%” zinc oxide)). 
For the reasons discussed above, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 2 would have been 
obvious over Lesniak, Bianchi ’518, and Phinney. 
4. Ground 4 (Claims 3 and 13) 
Petitioner contends that claims 3 and 13 would have been obvious 
over Lesniak, Bianchi ’518, Phinney, and Nabavi. Pet. 6. Claim 3 depends 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
34 
from claim 1 and adds the requirement of an additional microbial that may 
be cinnamon essential oil. Ex. 1001, 27:41–42. Claim 13 depends from 
claim 3 and add a water solubility requirement for the antimicrobials. Id. at 
28:20–23. Petitioner relies on Nabavi for teaching the use of cinnamon 
essential oil for both its aromatic and antibacterial effects. See Pet. 41. 
Petitioner provides a detailed claim chart for this ground explaining 
how each claim limitation is disclosed in the asserted references and how its 
assertions are supported by the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn. See Pet. 
41–45; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 110–118. 
Patent Owner asserts that “Nabavi does not disclose cinnamon 
essential oil either as an antimicrobial to fight odor-causing bacteria, in a 
deodorant stick or antiperspirant stick, or as an additional antimicrobial 
paired with magnesium hydroxide and/or zinc oxide. In fact, Nabavi warns 
against the use of cinnamon essential oil in cosmetic topical formulations 
due to ‘contact dermatitis’ and ‘inflammation and alteration of the surface 
epidermis’ after use, and therefore states ‘long standing excessive use is not 
recommended.’” PO Resp. 48–48 (citing Ex. 1067, 7742; Ex. 2011 ¶ 107). 
 
We do not agree with Patent Owner’s position that a POSA would not 
have had a reason to combine Lesniak and Nabavi because Nabavi does not 
teach the use of cinnamon as an antimicrobial in an underarm deodorant. 
PO Resp. 48. Nabavi notes that with a “growing demand for preservative-
free cosmetics, herbal extracts with antimicrobial activity have recently been 
used in the cosmetic industry to reduce the risk of allergies connected to the 
presence of methylparabens.” Ex. 1067, 7729 (Abst.). Nabavi further 
provides examples of cinnamon applications in the food and cosmetic 
industries, including studying the protective effects of cinnamon in food 
matrices, cosmetic products, and active packaging. Id. at 7738. Nabavi 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
35 
concludes that “[c]innamon use in food products and cosmetics could be a 
good strategy to reduce or avoid bacterial degradation and thus to reduce the 
incidence of infection cause by food and cosmetics.” Id. at 7742. Nabavi 
shows that cinnamon may be used as an antibacterial in a broad range of 
products including cosmetics, and we determine on the record before us that 
a POSA would have looked to Nabavi’s teaching of the use of cinnamon as 
an antibacterial and fragrance to apply in Lesniak’s composition. See 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 112 (discussing Nabavi’s description of the use of cinnamon as 
an antibacterial in cosmetics and in aromatherapy). 
 
For instance, Dr. Michniak-Kohn testifies that 
A POSA would have looked at scientific publications, 
like Nabavi, in evaluating options for antimicrobials in 
deodorants. And a POSA would have been motivated to 
incorporate Nabavi’s cinnamon essential oil into Lesniak’s 
deodorant stick to enhance its aromatic and antibacterial effects 
in combatting odor and preventing product degradation, and 
because cinnamon essential oil would serve multiple purposes. 
Not only was it a known antimicrobial, but it was also a known 
fragrance. Moreover, Lesniak calls for essential oils to be used 
in its composition. Ex. 1003, 8:31-34. 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 113. We credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony here as 
supported by the record before us at this stage of the proceeding. We also 
agree with Petitioner that even if cinnamon essential oil was thought to 
cause irritation with excessive use, less-preferred combinations can still 
provide a motivation. See Pet. Reply 18 (citations omitted). 
On the record before us, we determine that Petitioner has shown 
sufficiently a POSA would have had a reason to combine the teachings of 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’518, Phinney, and Nabavi. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
36 
5. Conclusion 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has shown a 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–7, 9–13, and 16–19 of the 
’647 patent are unpatentable. 
D. The Native Grounds (Grounds 5–7) 
Petitioner presents three grounds that rely on Native to teach the 
majority of the limitations of the asserted claims in Grounds 5 through 7. 
See Pet. 41–66. For Ground 5, Petitioner asserts that claims 16 and 17 of the 
’647 patent would have been obvious over Native and Bianchi ’254. 
Pet. 45–53. For Ground 6, Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 18, 
and 19 would have been obvious over Native in view of Bianchi ’254 and 
Easy Homemade. Pet. 53–63. For Ground 7, Petitioner asserts that claims 3 
and 13 would have been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy 
Homemade, and Nabavi. Pet. 63–66. 
Petitioner provides detailed claim charts for each of these grounds 
explaining how each claim limitation is disclosed in the asserted references 
and how its assertions are supported by the testimony of Dr. Michniak-
Kohn. See Pet. 45–53 (Ground 5), 53–63 (Ground 6), Pet. 53–63 
(Ground 7); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 119–188. 
1. Ground 5 – Native and Bianchi ’254 
a) Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner states that “Native discloses features of deodorant stick 
compositions claimed in the ’647 Patent . . . .” Pet. 46. Specifically, 
Petitioner states: 
Native sets forth the ingredients in a natural, aluminum-
free deodorant stick that was being marketed and sold in at least 
2016. The deodorant stick composition is comprised of 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
37 
caprylic-capric triglyceride, baking soda, stearyl alcohol, 
hydrogenated castor oil, polyglycerol-3 beeswax, and jojoba 
esters. Aluminum salts, and synthetic fragrances are not 
included in the composition. As a POSA would have 
understood, Native lists its deodorant stick ingredients in order 
form greatest to least concentration; however, it does not 
expressly teach the percentage of each ingredient used, 
including the percentage of liquid triglyceride (i.e., carrier oil). 
In the absence of express teachings on these points, a POSA 
would have looked to other publications in the field with 
suitable weight percentage examples[, like Bianchi ’254]. 
Pet. 46–47; see also id. at 49–63 (claim chart showing where limitations of 
claims 16 and 17 are taught in Native and Bianchi ’254). 
Petitioner relies on Bianchi ’254 to teach the appropriate 
concentrations of the ingredients of the deodorant stick such as the 
percentages of liquid triglyceride, a carrier oil. See id. at 46–47. In 
providing support for the teaching of the limitation “at least 60% by weight 
liquid triglyceride” in claim 16, Petitioner provides the following 
explanation from the teachings of Bianchi ’254. 
Bianchi ’254 describes an antiperspirant stick with 40-
80% oil. In Bianchi ’254, part of the oil carrier (20-40% of the 
total) is a natural oil such as a liquid triglyceride. Bianchi ’254 
also describes that the antiperspirant stick further comprised 20-
40% of silicone oil. A POSA would have understood that 
silicone oil and liquid triglyceride both functioned as “carrier 
oils” that, among other things, solubilize and disperse other 
ingredients, and therefore would have been motivated to use 
even more liquid triglyceride (up to 80%) when formulating a 
natural deodorant stick (like in Native) that did not include, 
e.g., 20-40% silicone oil, to meet what the ’647 Patent admits 
was an existing consumer preference for “more natural 
products.” 
Thus, a POSA would have been motivated to use at least 
about 60% of a liquid triglyceride in a deodorant stick, and 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so, 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
38 
inasmuch as (i) Bianchi ’254 already suggests a 40% amount, 
and (ii) a POSA would have, based on Bianchi ’254’s overall 
oil teachings, used even more of the liquid triglyceride (up to 
80%) when making a stick with only that oil carrier (as taught 
by Native). 
The overlap between the claimed liquid triglyceride 
range and the ranges in the prior art renders the claim 
presumptively obvious. The ’647 Patent discloses nothing 
critical or unexpected regarding the claimed range relative to 
the prior art ranges. 
Pet. 50 (citing Ex. 1001, 25–26; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 128–132; Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 15–17, 
23, 50, claims 17 and 18). 
As for claim 17’s further requirement that the deodorant stick of 
claim 16 further comprise “a primary structurant having a melting point 
from about 50°C. to about 80°C.,” Petitioner relies on Native’s teaching of 
using stearyl alcohol that has the claimed melting point range as the primary 
structurant in Native’s deodorant stick because it is listed first in the 
ingredient list. See Pet. 52 (citing Ex. 1001, 15:51–54; Ex. 1008, Tables 
1, 5). Petitioner strengthens this teaching by relying further on Bianchi 
’254’s teaching that: 
Singles out stearyl alcohol as a “widely used” structurant 
of particular interest” for antiperspirants. Bianchi ’254 
describes antiperspirant formulations comprising 1-25% of a 
fatty alcohol, such as stearyl alcohol, as the structurant present 
in the greatest amount. 
Thus a POSA would have been motivated to use a 
primary structurant with a melting point of from about 50°C. to 
about 80°C., such as stearyl alcohol, in a deodorant stick, 
inasmuch as both Native and Bianchi ’254 describe doing so. 
Pet. 52–53 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 1, 18, 19, 58, 131 (showing formulations with 
18% stearyl alcohol as primary structurant and 3.5% castor wax as 
secondary structurant)). 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
39 
b) Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner provides three reasons why the above-described 
combination of Native and Bianchi ’254 fails for Ground 5. First, Patent 
Owner asserts that Native’s deodorant stick was “a known leader in the 
field,” and the Native reference shows nothing but positive reviews for 
Native’s deodorant stick. PO Resp. 50–51. Consequently, Patent Owner 
asserts, “[w]ith this level of consumer acceptance and praise, and no 
identified issues or concerns, there was simply no reason for a POSA to have 
sought to modify Native.” Id. at 51 (citing Ex.2011 ¶¶ 110–112). Any such 
modification, Patent Owner asserts, is impermissibly based on hindsight 
using the ’647 patent as a roadmap. Id. 
Second, Patent Owner points to the differences in the Native’s 
aluminum-free product containing natural ingredients and Bianchi ’254’s 
formulation containing volatile silicon and aluminum. PO Resp. 51–52. 
Patent Owner concludes that a “POSA would not have been motivated to 
consider the teachings of Bianchi-254 in combination with Native, as 
Bianchi-254’s prominent use of non-natural ingredients and aluminum 
would defeat the core objective of Native to provide aluminum-free, natural 
deodorant products.” Id. at 52. 
Third, Patent Owner again points to the differences between the 
Native and Bianchi ’254 formulations concluding: 
The Petition does not explain what would have motivated a 
POSA to have implemented the weight-percentages from a non-
natural antiperspirant stick into the natural, aluminum-free stick 
of Native (if it is even possible), or what a POSA would have 
substituted for aluminum and volatile silicones in order to 
preserve the same weight percentages without the presence of 
the aluminum active and silicones. 
PO Resp. 53 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 115–118). 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
40 
c) Party Responses 
Petitioner responds that it is not necessary that Native itself identify 
any deficiencies for a POSA to be motivated to modify it, and also points to 
Easy Homemade as providing explicit motivation to modify Native. See 
Reply 19 (citing KSR Int’l, 550 U.S. 398, 418–21). Petitioner also responds 
that the differences between the formulations of Native and Bianchi ’254 
would not prevent a POSA from combining the teachings because “Native 
already achieved a silicone and aluminum-free deodorant stick, so a POSA 
therefore would not have to draw on Bianchi-254’s teachings for those 
features. Ex. 1002, 67-71. Native further discloses the relative amounts of 
each ingredient in that stick. Id. Bianchi-254 simply provides a POSA with 
guidance on the quantitative amounts of those ingredients and preferred 
hardness.” Pet. 21. Petitioner points out that the Specification of the ’647 
patent in fact “incorporates references disclosing aluminum-containing 
antiperspirants for their disclosure of ‘suitable’ structurants, emulsifiers, 
antimicrobials, and other ingredients.” Id. at 22 (citing Ex. 1001, 16:23–27, 
19:42–47; Ex. 1041; Ex. 1083; Ex. 1081, 46:22–52.22). 
Patent Owner reiterates that the differences in formulations between 
Native and Bianchi ’254 indicate a POSA would need to use impermissible 
hindsight to arrive at the claimed inventions. PO Sur-Reply 23–24. Patent 
Owner explains that “Petitioner ignores that Bianchi-254’s ‘guidance’ on the 
quantitative amounts of the ingredients in question is influenced and scaled 
by the presence of over 50% aluminum and silicone in Bianchi’s sticks.” Id. 
d) Discussion 
Petitioner asserts that Native’s natural, aluminum-free deodorant stick 
is comprised of the following ingredients—caprylic/capric triglyceride, 
baking soda, stearyl alcohol, hydrogenated castor oil, polyglycerol-3 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
41 
beeswax, and jojoba esters—although the percentage of each ingredient is 
not disclosed. Pet. 46 (citing Ex. 1007, 5, 11).6 Dr. Michniak-Kohn testifies 
that “[i]n the absence of express teachings on these points, a POSA would 
have looked to other publications in the field with suitable weight percentage 
examples.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 121; see Pet. 47. 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn notes that Native’s primary structurant is a fatty 
alcohol as in Bianchi ’254’s antiperspirant stick compositions. Ex. 1002 
¶ 122. Dr. Michniak-Kohn asserts that “Bianchi ’254 singles out stearyl 
alcohol as a ‘widely used’ structurant ‘of particular interest’ for 
antiperspirants.” Id. ¶ 139 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 1, 58). Dr. Michniak-Kohn 
concludes that “[w]hen formulating a natural, aluminum-free deodorant stick 
based on the composition in Native, a POSA would have looked at 
publications describing other stick compositions, like Bianchi ’254, for 
information regarding the amount of ingredients.” Id. ¶ 123. We credit 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony as consistent with the record evidence, and 
further find Dr. Lochhead’s testimony to the contrary unpersuasive. 
First, we note that Petitioner looks to the teachings of Bianchi ’254 to 
inform the appropriate amount for the ingredients described in Native, not to 
alter Native’s formulation. See Pet. 46 (stating “it would be obvious to 
formulate a deodorant stick such as the stick disclosed by Native using 
ingredient concentrations as taught by Bianchi ’254”). Therefore, Patent 
Owner’s argument that the praise for the Native product would not 
incentivize a POSA to change the Native formulation misses the mark. 
Petitioner does not seek to change Native’s formulation, but verify the 
 
6 Dr. Michniak-Kohn notes that aluminum salts and synthetic fragrances are 
not included in Native’s composition. See Ex. 1002 ¶ 121. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
42 
amount of the listed ingredients. Id. In any event, as Petitioner notes, a 
reason to arrive at a claimed invention does not have to come from a 
particular identification of deficiencies in Native itself; as the Supreme 
Court noted in KSR, such motivation may come from “any need or problem 
known in the field of endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the 
patent.” 550 U.S. at 420; see Pet. Reply 19. 
As Petitioner notes, both Native and Bianchi ’254 are in the same 
field as the ’647 patent—personal care compositions, including deodorants 
and/or antiperspirants. Pet. 48 (citing Ex. 1001, Abstract, 18:65–26:36; 
Ex. 1007, 5–8, 11; Ex. 1008, Abstract, ¶¶ 10–21; Ex. 1002 ¶ 126). There is 
nothing in the record that we have found, nor has Patent Owner pointed us to 
any such evidence, to distinguish natural, aluminum-free deodorants from 
antiperspirants containing aluminum in such a way that ingredients of one 
would not be used for the same purpose in the other. As the Supreme Court 
noted in KSR, “[t]he combination of familiar elements according to known 
methods is likely to be obvious when it does no more than yield predictable 
results.” 550 U.S. at 416. In fact, as Petitioner points out, Patent Owner in 
the ’647 patent “incorporates references disclosing aluminum-containing 
antiperspirants for their disclosure of ‘suitable’ structurants, emulsifiers, 
antimicrobials, and other ingredients.” Id. at 22 (citing Ex. 1001, 16:23–27, 
19:42–47; Ex. 1041; Ex. 1083; Ex. 1081, 46:22–52.22). 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn persuasively asserts on the record before us that 
when looking at particular ingredients of a formulation, a POSA would look 
to other references in the same field—personal care compositions, including 
deodorants and/or antiperspirants—to determine how much of each 
ingredient should be used. We are not persuaded by the testimony of 
Dr. Lochhead to the contrary. Dr. Lochhead testifies that: 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
43 
In my opinion, a POSA seeking to develop a natural 
deodorant stick would not have been motivated to implement 
the weight percentages disclosed in Bianchi-254. Bianchi-254 
describes and claims antiperspirant formulations containing 
50% or more by weight of aluminum and silicone. For 
example, the antiperspirant compositions disclosed in Bianchi-
254 contain, e.g., “from 20 to 40 wt. %” of a volatile silicone, 
and silicone is the ingredient often present in the greatest 
amount across Bianchi-254’s compositions. (Ex. 1008 at 
[0042], Tables 1, 5; Ex. 2012 at 108:10-14.) The Bianchi-254 
compositions further include from 20 to 30 wt. % of the 
aluminum-containing antiperspirant active. (Ex. 1008 at Tables 
1, 5; Ex. 2012 at 108:10-14.) 
. . . . 
Bianchi-254 does not disclose a “natural, aluminum-free 
deodorant stick.” The Petition does not explain what would 
have motivated a POSA to have implemented the 
weight-percentages from a non-natural antiperspirant stick into 
the natural, aluminum-free stick of Native (which, in my 
opinion, may not even be possible), or what a POSA would 
have substituted for aluminum in order to preserve the same 
weight percentages without the presence of the mixed 
aluminum salt. The Petition does not explain how a POSA 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
implementing Bianchi-254’s teachings while maintaining a 
stable composition, and in my opinion they would not have a 
reasonable expectation of success in doing so. 
Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 115, 117. 
 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn provides a convincing rationale for a POSA to 
look to Bianchi-254 for weight-percentages for the ingredients of Native 
even though Bianchi-254 is not a “natural” deodorant. Dr. Michniak-Kohn 
notes that Native’s primary structurant is stearyl alcohol, a fatty alcohol, and 
Bianchi ’254 “is a publication in the field which describes ‘fatty-alcohol 
containing antiperspirant stick compositions’ and methods related thereto.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 122. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
44 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn further persuasively testifies that the combination 
of Native and Bianchi ’254 teaches the “at least 60% by weight liquid 
triglyceride” limitation. Dr. Michniak-Kohn states: 
Bianchi ’254 describes an antiperspirant stick with 40-
80% oil. In Bianchi ’254, part of the oil carrier (20-40% of the 
total) is a natural oil such as a liquid triglyceride. Ex. 1008, 
¶¶[0017], [0050]. Bianchi ’254 also describes that the 
antiperspirant stick further comprised 20-40% of silicone oil. 
Id., ¶[0016]. In my opinion, a POSA would have understood 
that silicone oil and liquid triglyceride both functioned as 
“carrier oils” that, among other things, solubilize and disperse 
other ingredients (id., ¶¶[0015], [0023], cl. 17, 18), and 
therefore would have been motivated to use even more liquid 
triglyceride (up to 80%) when formulating a natural deodorant 
stick (like in Native) that did not include, e.g., 20-40% silicone 
oil, to meet what the ’647 Patent admits was an existing 
consumer preference for “more natural products.” (Ex. 1001, 
1:25-26). 
Thus, a POSA would have been motivated to use at least 
about 60% of a liquid triglyceride in a deodorant stick, and 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so, 
inasmuch as (i) Bianchi ’254 already suggests a 40% amount, 
and (ii) a POSA would have, based on Bianchi ’254’s overall 
oil teachings, used even more of the liquid triglyceride (up to 
80%) when making a stick with only that oil carrier (as taught 
by Native). 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 130–131. We agree with this assessment of the combination of 
the teachings of Bianchi ’254 and Native. A POSA would have increased 
the amount of liquid triglyceride in Bianchi ’254 in the 40 to 80% range for 
the total amount of oil disclosed in Bianchi ’254 when applied to the Native 
formulation that is natural and does not contain any silicone oil to arrive at 
the “at least 60% by weight liquid triglyceride” limitation in claim 16. 
 
We also agree that this conclusion is supported by the overlapping 
ranges for oil disclosed in Bianchi ’254 and claim 16. See Ex. 1002 ¶ 132. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
45 
Further, we agree with Dr. Michniak-Kohn that “there was nothing critical 
or unexpected about the claimed range relative to Bianchi ’254’s ranges. As 
a POSA would have understood, the minor deviations in the ranges yield 
predictable variations in degree and do not produce a different kind of result. 
For example, using more liquid triglyceride generally yields a softer stick, 
merely changing the degree of hardness.” Id. ¶ 132. Patent Owner offered 
no rebuttal to this assessment that changing the amount of liquid triglyceride 
is merely a variation in degree and not result. See KSR, 550 U.S. at 416 
(stating “combination of familiar elements according to known methods is 
likely to be obvious when it does no more than yield predictable results”). 
 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 16 and 17 would have been obvious over Native and 
Bianchi ’254. 
2. Ground 6 – Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy Homemade 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 18, and 19 would have 
been obvious over Native in view of Bianchi ’254 and Easy Homemade. 
Pet. 53–63. Petitioner relies on the explanation of how the limitations of 
claims 16 and 17 are met by the teachings of Native and Bianchi ’254, but 
notes that “[n]either Native nor Bianchi ’254 expressly teach a deodorant 
stick composition (1) substantially free of baking soda; (2) comprising an 
antimicrobial a power with a water solubility of at most about 50 or 90 g/L 
at 25°C; or (3) comprising magnesium hydroxide as the antimicrobial.” 
Pet. 53. 
Petitioner asserts that Native’s antimicrobial, baking soda, was known 
to cause skin irritation for some users, and Easy Homemade explains that 
magnesium hydroxide with a water solubility within the claimed range is an 
antimicrobial that works just as well as baking soda. Pet. 53 (citing 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
46 
Ex. 1009, 6, 9). Petitioner further relies on Bianchi ’254 to “establish the 
claimed hardness range was standard.” Id. at 54 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 141–
144). 
Many of the issues raised by Patent Owner in respond to Ground 6 
were also raised with regard to Ground 5, and we rely on our analysis set 
forth in Ground 5 above, see supra Section II.D.1. Patent Owner responds 
further that “Petitioner cannot show its Native combination discloses the 
hardness range required by claims 1–13 and 18–19 of the ’647 Patent.” PO 
Resp. 54. Patent Owner explains that “Petitioner relies on the same false 
equivalence of Bianchi-254’s hardness measurements to those of the ’647 
Patent as it does with respect to Bianchi-518. Id. at 54 (citing Ex. 2011 at 
¶¶ 119–21). We have previously addressed this issue with regard to the 
Lesniak grounds and rely on our analysis for that ground here. We find this 
argument unpersuasive to the reasons provided above in the Lesniak 
grounds. See Section II.C.2.a)(2). 
Patent Owner offers the following additional criticisms of Ground 6. 
Patent Owner asserts that because Native does not discuss whether the 
deodorant is too hard or soft, “a POSA would not have known which 
ingredients to alter or by how much.” PO Resp. 55–56 (citing Ex. 2011 
¶ 123). Again, Petitioner does not rely on the teachings of Bianchi ’254 to 
alter Native, but to fill in the gaps where Native is silent about the hardness 
of its deodorant stick. See Pet. 54. Petitioner relies on Bianchi ’254 to 
“establish the claimed hardness range was standard.” Id. Therefore, we find 
Patent Owner’s argument unpersuasive. 
Patent Owner also asserts that “[t]he Petition is silent on Bianchi-
254’s use of aluminum salts or complexes, and neither Petitioner nor its 
expert explain how, or whether, a POSA could have achieved the hardness 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
47 
of Bianchi-254’s aluminum-based compositions, let alone the hardness 
claims 1-13 and 18-19, in an aluminum-free deodorant composition.” PO 
Resp. 57 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 124). It is not clear from this bald assertion that 
aluminum affects hardness. 
Relying on Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony, Petitioner responds that 
“a POSA could achieve Bianchi-254’s hardness (regardless of aluminum) by 
simply increasing the amount of Native’s structurants (e.g., stearyl alcohol) 
to increase hardness, or decreasing those ingredients to decrease hardness.” 
Reply 21 (citing Ex. 1086 ¶ 6). Dr. Michniak-Kohn cites to a reference that 
he characterizes as “explaining that a POSA could ‘easily’ adjust waxes to 
achieve desired ‘soft[ness]’ based on balancing known considerations, with 
‘[h]igher levels of wax lead[ing] to lower wear rates, and lower levels of 
wax tend[ing] to give higher wear rates and a softer, less desirable 
structure.” Ex. 1086 ¶ 6 (quoting Ex. 1041, 2:64–68, 4:37–44). 
We credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony as consistent with the 
record evidence. Petitioner has established that “[a] POSA would have 
known how to vary the amount of structurant (e.g., beeswax) to alter 
hardness (more=harder; less=softer), irrespective of the presence or absence 
of aluminum or non-natural ingredients.” See Ex. 1086 ¶ 6. 
Patent Owner also asserts that Petitioner has failed to show that a 
POSA combining the teachings of Native and Bianchi ’254 would have a 
reasonable expectation of success. PO Resp. 57–58. Patent Owner asserts 
that “[a] POSA would have appreciated that Native’s ingredient list suggests 
it is an anhydrous, wax-structured semisolid with a triglyceride-based carrier 
system, similar to Lesniak’s examples, where even the slightest change in 
ingredients could yield unstable and unusable compositions.” Id. at 58 
(citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 125, Ex. 1003, Table 2). 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
48 
We previously addressed Patent Owner’s assertions with respect to 
alleged stability issues with Lesniak’s formulations and found these 
arguments unpersuasive. See supra Section II.C.1.d). As we previously 
found, we find Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony regarding the stability of 
Lesniak’s formulations persuasive. He testifies as follows. 
Lesniak teaches how to make stable compositions by 
including a secondary wax, such as a castor was, with a 
sufficiently high melting point. Ex. 1003, 1:39-54, 5:23-32, 
Table 2. Both of the compositions (nos. 8 and 11) tested by 
Lesniak that had such a wax passed the stability tests. Id. 
Further, the stability at issue in Lesniak relates to 
stability at “high” temperatures, such as 49°C (120°F). See 
Ex. 1003, Table 2. Such high conditions are not a requirement 
to achieve a deodorant that is stable in normal conditions. 
Ex. 1086 ¶¶ 7–8. 
 
Patent Owner’s final arguments against Ground 6 involve the public 
accessibility of Easy Homemade and whether Easy Homemade teaches the 
removal and substitution of baking soda. See PO Resp. 58–62. Patent 
Owner asserts that: 
Petitioner here does not provide any evidence that interested 
persons exercising reasonable diligence would have been able 
to locate Easy Homemade at the time of the priority date of the 
challenged patent, such as “evidence, or even argument, that 
[the] webpage was ‘indexed . . . (through search engines or 
otherwise)’ and thus locatable by a search engine.” 
 
Petitioner’s only “evidence” of alleged public 
accessibility is a statement from its expert that Easy Homemade 
was “part of a series of related ‘Soap Deli News’ articles . . . 
with significant engagement from individuals globally, where 
she cites three different “Soap Deli News” posts in apparent 
support. These additional blogposts do nothing to show the 
public accessibility of the specific Easy Homemade blogpost on 
which Petitioner relies, at any time before the priority date of 
the challenged patent. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
49 
PO Resp. 59 (citing First Solar Inc. v. Rovshan Sade, IPR2023-00827, Paper 
13, *18 (PTAB Nov. 16, 2023); Ex. 1002 ¶ 113). 
Petitioner responds that the United States Court of Appeals for the 
Federal Circuit (“Federal Circuit”) declined to adopt an indexing 
requirement for public accessibility. Reply 23 (citing Voter Verified, Inc. v. 
Premier Election Soln’s, 698 F.3d 1374, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2012)). Petitioner 
asserts that in accordance with Voter Verified, it has shown that Easy 
Homemade “contains reviews from interested persons that show such 
persons not only could have located—but actually did locate—the website, 
confirming it public accessibility.” Reply 24 (citing Ex. 1009, 7–8; 
Ex. 1016, 7–8, Ex. 1018, 6). 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Easy Homemade was publicly accessible. 
A reference is considered publicly accessible if it is “made available 
to the extent that persons interested and ordinarily skilled in the subject 
matter or art, exercising reasonable diligence, can locate it.” Jazz Pharms., 
Inc. v. Amneal Pharms., LLC, 895 F.3d 1347, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2018). To 
“determine whether an interested researcher would have been sufficiently 
capable of finding the reference and examining its contents,” we “must 
consider all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the disclosure.” 
In re Lister, 583 F.3d 1307, 1312 (Fed. Cir. 2009); see also In re 
Klopfenstein, 380 F.3d 1345, 1350 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (explaining that a 
determination of whether a reference qualifies as a printed publication 
“involves a case-by-case inquiry into the facts and circumstances 
surrounding the reference’s disclosure to members of the public”). 
 
Patent Owner’s main argument appears to be that Soap Daily News 
was not indexed. See PO Resp. 59. As Petitioner points out, however, such 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
50 
evidence is not necessarily required in all cases. See Sandoz Inc. v. Abbvie 
Biotechnology LTD., IPR2018-00156, Paper 11, *11 (PTAB June 5, 2018) 
(citing Voter Verified, 698 F.3d at 1381). “Rather, absent evidence of 
indexing, testimony indicating that the particular online publication or 
website on which the reference was published was well-known to the 
community interested in subject matter of the reference, and that, upon 
accessing the website, those interested would have found the reference using 
the website’s own search functions can support the ultimate determination 
that a given reference was publicly accessible.” Id. at 11–12 (citing Voter 
Verified, 698 F.3d at 1380–81). 
 
Petitioner presents evidence from the Wayback Machine for the Easy 
Homemade Blogpost, see Ex. 1009, 1–2, in addition to three other Soap Deli 
News posts, see Exs. 1017–1019. Dr. Mishniak-Kohn testifies “Easy 
Homemade was widely accessible, being part of a series of related “Soap 
Deli News” articles dedicated to deodorant formulations with significant 
engagement from individuals globally.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 143 (citing Ex. 1009; 
Exs. 1016–1018). Dr. Mishniak-Kohn also testifies that “a POSA would 
have appreciated that such websites from independent formulators striving 
for more natural options present an indication of consumer preferences, 
which a POSA would desire to meet in formulating new commercial 
products.” Id. We credit Dr. Mishniak-Kohn’s testimony here, and 
determine that Easy Homemade was publicly accessible and qualifies as a 
printed publication. 
 
Patent Owner also asserts that Petitioner misreads Easy Homemade as 
teaching the removal and substitution of baking soda, but “[r]ather, the Easy 
Homemade hobbyist tells her followers to purchase a pre-made baking soda-
free deodorant base—a base Petitioner’s expert could not identify the 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
51 
ingredients of—and add some magnesium hydroxide powder to it. As 
Petitioner’s expert confirms, Easy Homemade ‘doesn’t talk about removing 
any ingredients from these sticks; she’s talking about adding ingredients.’” 
PO Resp. 60 (citing Ex. 1009, 7, Ex. 1012, 120:6-8, 121:1–9; Ex. 2011 
¶¶ 127–28). 
 
Petitioner responds that using prior art elements according to their 
established functions is obvious. Reply 22–23 (citing KSR, 550 U.S. at 417; 
Intel Corp. v. PACT XPP Schweiz AG, 61 F.4th 1373, 1380-81 (Fed. Cir. 
2023)). Therefore, Petitioner asserts that “[a] known antimicrobial for 
deodorants, baking soda, caused irritation for some users, and another 
known antimicrobial for deodorants, magnesium hydroxide, ameliorated that 
issue when substituted for baking soda. ‘Nothing more is required to show a 
motivation to combine under KSR.’” Id. at 23 (citing Intel, 61 F.4th at 1381). 
We agree. 
 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn points to evidence that “a POSA would have 
known that deodorants containing baking soda could cause skin irritation for 
some users and Easy Homemade confirms what POSA would have known—
namely, that magnesium hydroxide was a known substitute for baking soda 
that avoided skin irritation.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 145 (citing Ex. 1009, 6, 9). 
Petitioner further notes that Easy Homemade expressly discusses 
substituting magnesium hydroxide for baking soda because Easy Homemade 
states that “baking soda can easily be swapped for magnesium hydroxide.” 
Reply 23 (citing Ex. 1009, 6, 9). We agree with Petitioner that “Easy 
Homemade just directs the POSA to substitute one known antimicrobial for 
another.” Id. 
 
Based on the full record before us, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 2, 4–7, 9–12, 18, 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
52 
and 19 would be been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy 
Homemade. 
3. Ground 7 – Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, and Nabavi 
Petitioner asserts that claims 3 and 13 would have been obvious over 
Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, and Nabavi. Pet. 63–66. Petitioner 
relies on Nabavi to teach a deodorant stick with cinnamon essential oil that 
Petitioner asserts satisfies the additional limitations set forth in claims 3 and 
13. Id. 
Patent Owner responds that a POSA would not have looked to Nabavi 
because “Nabavi does not disclose cinnamon essential oil as an underarm 
deodorant antimicrobial, and a POSA would not have been motivated to use 
it as such, particularly given Nabavi’s teachings of cinnamon as a skin 
irritant.” PO Resp. 62 (citing Ex. 1067, 7742; Ex. 2011 ¶ 133–34). Patent 
Owner also asserts that “[i]f, according to Petitioner, the POSA would have 
replaced baking soda with magnesium hydroxide in the Native combination, 
then Petitioner’s motivations to further combine with Nabavi—that rest on 
the POSA being motivated to, again, replace backing soda in Native (see 
Petition at 64)—would not exist.” Id. at 63 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 135). 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn testifies: 
In my opinion, the combination of Native in view of 
Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, and Nabavi renders claim 3 
obvious. In particular, Native teaches deodorant stick 
compositions containing baking soda (a known antimicrobial) 
and essential oils, but it does not expressly teach deodorant 
stick compositions containing magnesium hydroxide or 
cinnamon oil as an antimicrobial. As discussed above, it would 
have been obvious to substitute magnesium hydroxide for 
baking soda as Native’s primary antimicrobial. It also would 
have been obvious to include an additional antimicrobial such 
as cinnamon essential oil taught by Nabavi, to combat bacteria 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
53 
thought to cause odor and product degradation, as well as to 
provide a pleasant fragrance. Ex. 1067, 7733, 7739, 7742. A 
POSA would have used cinnamon essential oil in a lower 
amount than the primary antimicrobial because it was thought 
to cause skin irritation. Id., 7742. 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 187. 
 
We credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony here as consistent with the 
record evidence. Adding cinnamon essential oil to combat bacteria in a 
lower amount to prevent skin irritation would be using such oil as described 
by Nabavi as having both aromatic and antibacterial effects. See Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 43, 110, 112 (stating cinnamon use in “cosmetics could be a good 
strategy to reduce or avoid bacterial degradation”), 113 (describes using 
cinnamon essential oil because it would serve the dual purpose of being an 
antimicrobial and a fragrance), 183. We find that addition of cinnamon 
essential oil to the claimed formulation to be merely a combination of 
familiar elements according to known methods that yield predictable results, 
and therefore, would have been obvious. See KSR, 550 U.S. at 416. 
Based on the full record before us, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 3 and 13 would be 
been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, and Nabavi. 
 
 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
54 
III. 
CONCLUSION7 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–7, 9–13, and 16–19 of the 
’647 patent are unpatentable. 
In summary: 
 
7 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
16, 17 
102/103 Lesniak 
16, 17 
 
1, 4–7, 9–
12, 18–19 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi 
’518 
1, 4–7, 9–12, 
18–19 
 
2 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi 
’518, Phinney 
2 
 
3, 13 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi 
’518, Phinney, 
Nabavi 
3, 13 
 
16, 17 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254 
16, 17 
 
1–2, 4–7, 
9–12, 18–
19 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254, Easy 
Homemade 
1–2, 4–7, 9–12, 
18–19 
 
3, 13 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254, Easy 
Homemade, 
Nabavi 
3, 13 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–7, 9–13, 16–
19 
 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2024-01173 
Patent 10,905,647 B2 
55 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is 
ORDERED that claims 1–7, 9–13, 16–19 of the ’647 patent have been 
shown to be unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Justin Oliver 
Sarah Brooks 
VENABLE LLP 
joliver@venable.com 
ssbrooks@venable.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
David Maiorana 
Marlee Hartenstein 
Jesse Wynn 
JONES DAY 
dmaiorana@jonesday.com 
mhartenstein@jonesday.com 
jwynn@jonesday.com