--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 30 
571-272-7822 
Entered: March 25, 2026 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
DR. SQUATCH, LLC, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, and 
SUSAN L. C. MITCHELL, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
SNEDDEN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
2 
 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. Background and Summary 
Dr. Squatch, LLC (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting inter 
partes review of claims 1–19 of U.S. Patent No. 11,844,752 B2 (Ex. 1001, 
“the ’752 patent”). Petition (“Pet.”), Paper 2. The Procter & Gamble 
Company (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response (“Prelim. Resp.”). 
Paper 6. 
We instituted trial on April 11, 2025. Paper 9 (“Inst. Dec.”). During 
trial, Patent Owner filed a Patent Owner Response. Paper 13 (“PO Resp.”). 
Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 16 (“Pet. Reply”)), and Patent Owner filed a 
Sur-reply (Paper 21 (“PO Sur-Reply”)). We held an oral hearing on January 
27, 2026, and a transcript of that hearing is of record. Paper 29 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6(b). After considering the 
full record developed through trial, we determine that Petitioner has proved 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e). Our reasoning is explained below, 
and we issue this Final Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 318(a). 
B. Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies Dr. Squatch, LLC, as its real party-in-interest. 
Pet. 1. Petitioner also advises the Board that Dr. Squatch, LLC is indirectly 
owned by Unilever PLC. Paper 18, 2. 
Patent Owner identifies The Procter & Gamble Company as its real 
party-in-interest. Paper 4, 1. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
3 
 
C. Related Matters 
The parties indicate that the ’752 patent is involved in The Procter & 
Gamble Company v. Dr. Squatch LLC, Case No. 2-24-cv-04711 (C.D. Cal.), 
filed November 29, 2022. Pet. 1; Paper 4, 1. 
Petitioner has also filed petitions for inter partes review of the 
following patents: IPR2024-01104 against U.S. Patent No. 11,540,999; 
IPR2024-01105 against U.S. Patent No. 10,966,915; IPR2024-01173 against 
U.S. Patent No. 10,905,647; and IPR2024-01174 against U.S. Patent No. 
11,497,706. Pet. 1; Paper 4, 1. 
D. The ’752 patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’752 patent is titled “Deodorant Compositions.” Ex. 1001, code 
(54). The ’752 patent is directed to deodorant compositions and methods of 
making the compositions. Id. at 1:5–6. More specifically, the ’752 patent is 
directed to formulating, in response to consumer demands, an aluminum-
free, mostly silicone-free deodorant stick, which is not too hard. Id. at 
1:12–13, 1:21–23. 
The ’752 patent explains that 
[c]onsumers also want a good glide, non-sticky, and non-greasy 
application. This is a challenge, because a mostly silicone-free 
formula will often use natural oils or natural oil-based 
triglycerides. But often natural oils, such as coconut oil, bring a 
large portion of wax with them, often making the resulting 
deodorant sticks too hard to meet a more preferable product 
application for both shaven and unshaven underarms. They are 
also often undesirably greasy due to the non-volatile nature. 
Id. at 1:12–20. “As consumers seek more natural ingredients in their 
deodorants, one approach to formulation is to use emollients derived from 
natural oils.” Id. at 2:49–51. The specification describes that products 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
4 
 
aimed at emphasizing the use of natural ingredients “may have a significant 
amount of a liquid triglyceride.” Id. at 2:56. To provide structure to these 
products, the ’752 patent describes that it is known to include waxes and 
other such structurants. Id. at 2:58–60. However, the ’752 patent explains 
that 
a currently marketed product, Comparative Formula 1 . . . , has 
34.15% liquid triglyceride, along with a number of structurants, 
resulting in a very hard stick, scoring 63 on a needle penetration 
test under ASTM D-1321 . . . . So while Comparative Formula 1 
uses consumer preferred natural ingredients, it does not 
necessarily provide a good consumer experience when used, 
given its hardness. Comparative Formula 2 contains even higher 
levels of structurants, resulting in a harder stick with an even 
lower hardness score. In comparison, Inventive Examples 1–5, 
while comprising consumer-preferred natural ingredients, have 
higher hardness scores, meaning they are softer products. 
Id. at 2:62–3:7. According to the ’752 patent, “a deodorant stick having at 
least about 25% of a liquid triglyceride, and that uses a primary structurant 
that has a melting point of at least about 50° C., . . . can result in a deodorant 
stick with a hardness from about 80 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10.” Id. at 
3:40–48. The ’752 patent describes that the “deodorant stick is able to 
comprise consumer-perceived natural ingredients, while offering a pleasant 
consumer experience in terms of its hardness.” Id. at 3:48–51. 
The ’752 patent describes that the deodorant compositions “can 
contain a structurant, an antimicrobial, a perfume, and additional chassis 
ingredient(s) . . . in the form of a solid stick.” Id. at 9:11–14. The ’752 
patent defines a “structurant” as “any material known or otherwise effective 
in providing suspending, gelling, viscosifying, solidifying, and/or thickening 
properties to the composition or which otherwise provide structure to the 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
5 
 
final product form.” Id. at 4:57–61. The ’752 patent describes a deodorant 
stick comprising a magnesium hydroxide that is effective against underarm 
bacteria strains in raw material evaluations. Id. at 8:19–25, 8:34–36. 
E. The Challenged Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–19. Representative independent 
claims 1 and 15 are reproduced below: 
1. A deodorant stick comprising: 
a. at least one antimicrobial; and 
b. a structurant that is stearyl alcohol; 
said stick being free of an aluminum salt; and 
said stick having a hardness from about 80 mm*10 to 30 
about 140 mm*10, as measured by penetration with ASTM 
D-1321 needle; 
wherein the deodorant stick is anhydrous and is 
substantially free of silicones. 
15. A deodorant stick comprising: 
a. at least about 25% by weight liquid triglyceride; 
b. a starch; 
c. stearyl alcohol; 
d. magnesium hydroxide; 
e. shea butter; 
f. coconut oil; 
g. triethyl citrate; and 
h. sunflower seed oil; 
said deodorant stick being free of an aluminum salt; and 
wherein said stick has a hardness from about 80 mm*10 to about 140 
mm*10, as measured by penetration with ASTM D-1321 needle. 
Ex. 1001, 15:26–34, 16:13–25. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
6 
 
F. Evidence 
Petitioner relies upon information that includes the following. 
Ex. 1003, Lesniak et al., US 11,433,018 B2, issued September 6, 
2022 (“Lesniak”). 
Ex. 1004, Phinney et al., US 9,314,412 B2, issued April 19, 2016 
(“Phinney”). 
Ex. 1005, John Henderson Lamb, M.D., Sodium Bicarbonate: 
An Excellent Deodorant, THE JOURNAL OF INVESTIGATIVE 
DERMATOLOGY 7(3) 131–33 (1946) (“Lamb”). 
Ex. 1006, Bianchi et al., US 6,048,518, issued April 11, 2000 
(“Bianchi ’518”). 
Ex. 1007, Wayback Machine archives, captured May 26, 2016, 
November 23, 2016, and November 1, 2015 respectively for: 
https:/www.nativecos.com, 
https:/www.nativecos.com/product/deodorant/, and 
https:/www.nativecos.com (“Native”). 
Ex. 1008, Bianchi, US 2007/0166254 A1, published July 19, 
2007 (“Bianchi ’254”). 
Ex. 1009, Wayback Machine archive, captured January 26, 
2017, for http:/soapdelinews.com/2016/11/easy-homemade-
deodorantrecipe.html (“Easy Homemade”). 
Ex. 1044, Millet et al., US 2018/0168954 A1, published June 21, 
2018 (“Millet”). 
Ex. 1057, Anconi et al., U.S. Patent App. Pub. No. 
2016/0089321, published March 31, 2016 (“Anconi”). 
Ex. 1058, Stoia, et al., Selected Evidence-Based Health Benefits 
of Topically Applied Sunflower Oil, 10(1) APPLIED SCI. REPS. 
45–49 (2015) (“Stoia”). 
Ex. 1073, Sturgis et al., U.S. Patent App. Pub. No. 
2019/0000747, published January 3, 2019 (“Sturgis”). 
Petitioner also relies on the Declarations of Bozena B. Michniak-
Kohn, Ph.D. (Exs. 1002, 1086) to support its contentions. 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
7 
 
Patent Owner relies on the declaration of Robert Lochhead, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2011) to support its contentions. 
G. Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–19 would have been unpatentable on 
the following grounds: 
Ground Claim(s) Challenged 35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–13 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’254 
2 
14 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’254, 
Phinney 
3 
15, 16, 18, 19 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’254, 
Phinney, Anconi 
4 
17 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi ’254, 
Phinney, Anconi, Easy 
Homemade 
5 
1, 4–14 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254 
6 
2–3 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254, 
Easy Homemade 
7 
15, 17–19 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254, 
Easy Homemade, Anconi, 
Stoia 
8 
16 
103 
Native, Bianchi ’254, 
Easy Homemade, Anconi, 
Stoia, Millet 
9 
15–19 
103 
Squatch and Sturgis 
 
H. Claim Construction 
The challenged claims should be read in light of the Specification, as 
they would be interpreted by one of ordinary skill in the art. In re Suitco 
Surface, Inc., 603 F.3d 1255, 1260 (Fed. Cir. 2010). Thus, we generally 
give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. See In re 
Translogic Tech., Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1257 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“The ordinary 
and customary meaning ‘is the meaning that the term would have to a person 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
8 
 
of ordinary skill in the art in question.’” (internal quotation marks omitted)); 
see also 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (stating that claims are construed in IPRs 
according to the same standard as used in federal court). 
Petitioner does not argue that any claim terms require construction. 
See generally Pet. 
Patent Owner asserts that the preamble of independent claims 1, 16, 
and 19 reciting “a deodorant stick” is limiting as it provides antecedent basis 
for the recitation of “said deodorant stick being free of an aluminum salt” for 
each independent claim. PO Resp. 7–10. Patent Owner also points to 
dependent claims 6–9 as relying on the preamble reciting “a deodorant stick” 
as antecedent basis for claim elements. Id. at 9. We agree. Petitioner does 
not argue to the contrary. See, e.g., Pet. 19 (arguing that Lesniak discloses a 
deodorant stick in the form of an antiperspirant stick). 
We determine that no express construction of any claim term is 
necessary to determine whether to institute inter partes review. Nidec Motor 
Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017) (“[W]e need only construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and 
only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” (quoting Vivid 
Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999))). 
To the extent further discussion of the meaning any claim term is necessary 
to our decision, we provide that discussion below in our analysis of the 
asserted grounds of unpatentability. 
I. Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner proposes that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA” 
or “POSITA”) at the time of the invention “would have (1) at least a B.S. or 
equivalent degree; and (2) at least two years of experience in cosmetics 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
9 
 
formulations.” Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 26–28). Patent Owner does not 
dispute Petitioner’s proposal about the POSA’s qualifications at this stage of 
the proceeding. PO Resp. 10. 
We adopt and apply Petitioner’s proposed definition of a POSA, 
which is consistent with the level of skill reflected in the asserted prior art. 
See e.g., Exs. 1003, 1004. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. Introduction 
“In an inter partes [review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never 
shifts to the patent owner. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, 
Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Moreover, a petitioner should 
not “place the burden on [the Board] to sift through information presented 
by the Petitioners, determine where each element [of the challenged claims] 
is found in [the cited references], and identify any differences between the 
claimed subject matter and the teachings of [the cited references.]” Google 
Inc. v. EveryMD.com LLC, IPR2014-00347, Paper 9 at 25 (PTAB May 22, 
2014). 
Anticipation is a question of fact, as is the question of what a prior art 
reference teaches. In re NTP, Inc., 654 F.3d 1279, 1297 (Fed. Cir. 2011). 
“Because the hallmark of anticipation is prior invention, the prior art 
reference—in order to anticipate under 35 U.S.C. § 102—must not only 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
10 
 
disclose all elements of the claim within the four corners of the document, 
but must also disclose those elements ‘arranged as in the claim.’” Net 
MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359, 1369 (Fed. Cir. 2008) 
(quoting Connell v. Sears, Roebuck & Co., 722 F.2d 1542, 1548 (Fed. Cir. 
1983)). Whether a reference anticipates a claim is assessed from the skilled 
artisan’s perspective. See Dayco Prods., Inc. v. Total Containment, Inc., 329 
F.3d 1358, 1368 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (“[T]he dispositive question regarding 
anticipation [i]s whether one skilled in the art would reasonably understand 
or infer from the [prior art reference’s] teaching that every claim element 
was disclosed in that single reference.” (quoting In re Baxter Travenol 
Labs., 952 F.2d 388, 390 (Fed. Cir. 1991))). 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the differences 
between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed 
invention as a whole would have been obvious before the effective filing 
date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to 
which the claimed invention pertains. See KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 
U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis 
of underlying factual determinations including: (1) the scope and content of 
the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the 
prior art; (3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence 
of nonobviousness, if any. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 
(1966). 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
11 
 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
Accordingly, a party that petitions the Board for a determination of 
unpatentability based on obviousness must show that “a skilled artisan 
would have been motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art 
references to achieve the claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan 
would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so.” In re 
Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (internal 
quotation marks omitted). “Both the suggestion and the expectation of 
success must be founded in the prior art, not in the applicant’s disclosure.” 
In re Dow Chemical Co., 837 F.2d 469, 473 (Fed. Cir. 1988). 
An obviousness analysis “need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, for a court can take 
account of the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in 
the art would employ.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418; see In re Translogic Tech, 
Inc., 504 F.3d 1249, 1259 (Fed. Cir. 2007). In KSR, the Supreme Court also 
stated that an invention may be found obvious if trying a course of conduct 
would have been obvious to a POSITA: 
When there is a design need or market pressure to solve a 
problem and there are a finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions, a person of ordinary skill has good reason to pursue 
the known options within his or her technical grasp. If this leads 
to the anticipated success, it is likely the product not of 
innovation but of ordinary skill and common sense. In that 
instance the fact that a combination was obvious to try might 
show that it was obvious under § 103. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
12 
 
550 U.S. at 421. “KSR affirmed the logical inverse of this statement by 
stating that § 103 bars patentability unless ‘the improvement is more than 
the predictable use of prior art elements according to their established 
functions.’” In re Kubin, 561 F.3d 1351, 1359–60 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (citing 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417). 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
these principles to determine whether Petitioner has met its burden to show 
by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. 
B. Summary of the Cited Prior Art 
1. Lesniak (Ex. 1003) 
Lesniak is titled “Non-Greasy Personal Care Compositions.” 
Ex. 1003, code (54). Lesniak provides an anhydrous personal care 
composition, comprising 
(a) at least one ester, wherein said at least one ester is selected 
from one or more of the following groups: (i) triglycerides, (ii) 
diglycerides, (iii) monoglycerides, (iv) monoesters of diols, and 
(v) diesters of diols, and wherein a total concentration of said at 
least one ester is 45 to 60 weight %, based on the total weight of 
the composition; (b) a first wax having a melting point of 35° C. 
to 72° C. present in an amount of 5 to 25 weight %, based on the 
total weight of the composition; (c) a second wax having a 
melting point of 73° C. to 90° C. present in an amount of 0.5 to 
15 weight% based on the total weight of the composition; (d) at 
least one plant oil having a saponification value of 150 to 275 mg 
KOH/g, wherein a total concentration of said at least one plant 
oil is from 5 to 35 weight%, based on the total weight of the 
composition. 
Id. at 5:32–48. Lesniak describes that “[o]ptionally, the at least one ester is a 
combination of caprylic triglyceride and capric triglyceride” in ranges from 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
13 
 
50–60 weight %, based on the total weight of the composition. Id. at 
2:38–39, 3:42–44. “Optionally, the composition further comprises zinc 
oxide . . . present in a concentration of 10 to 30 weight %.” Id. at 3:39–42. 
Lesniak describes that the composition may be in the form of a stick. Id. at 
4:22. According to Lesniak, the compositions possess “good micro-
robustness, . . . reduced greasiness and an improved after-feel (such as 
reduced tackiness and drag) on the skin as compared to other anhydrous 
compositions[, and] . . . are also physically stable at high and low 
temperatures.” Id. at 5:50–54. 
Lesniak discloses a desire to “to formulate such compositions from 
all-natural ingredients (i.e. ‘100% natural’ compositions).” Id. at 5:29–31. 
Lesniak discloses that “the term ‘natural compositions’ indicates that the 
composition is formulated from ingredients which are extracted from the 
earth or sea, derived from plants, or synthesized by other organisms.” Id. at 
4:61–64. Lesniak discloses that the composition may comprise “essential 
oils which may be used as natural fragrances.” Id. at 8:38. 
2. Phinney (Ex. 1004) 
Phinney is titled “Deodorant Formulation.” Ex. 1004, code (54). 
Phinney relates to a deodorant “formulation and preparation thereof with 
natural ingredients in the absence of heavy metal complexes and/or 
petroleum based or related compounds.” Ex. 1004, 1:7–9. Phinney 
discloses finding that “a mixture of the hydroxides of zinc and magnesium 
could provide long lasting protection against odour due to perspiration . . . 
and are dispersible in aerosols, moisturizing creams, sticks, sprays and roll-
on type applicators.” Id. at 1:17–22. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
14 
 
Phinney explains that zinc and aluminum oxide are “very unreactive 
against perspiration odour due to insolubility and low hydrolysis rate.” Id. at 
2:35–36. According to Phinney, “magnesium hydroxide, . . . has low 
solubility and therefore does not ‘wash away’ under heavy perspiration” and 
thus “provides 16–20 hour protection and more for a broad cross section of 
people.” Id. at 5:47–51. Phinney discloses an embodiment of a specific 
formulation prepared as a solid stick that “includes magnesium oxide in an 
amount of between 1% and 2.5% by weight and zinc oxide in an amount of 
between 0.5% and 1.5% by weight.” Id. at 6:32–34, 6:12, 8:46–57 (claim 
1). 
3. Lamb (Ex. 1005) 
Lamb is an article titled “Sodium Bicarbonate: An Excellent 
Deodorant” that was published in The Journal of Investigative Dermatology. 
Ex. 1005, 131. Lamb describes a study that evaluated the effectiveness of 
baking soda as an underarm deodorant in 90 patients. Id. at 131–33. Lamb 
hypothesizes that the perspiration’s free fatty acids, which possess a 
disagreeable odor, forms a less malodorous sodium salt in the presence of 
sodium bicarbonate. Id. at 133. Based on the results of the study, Lamb 
concludes that “bicarbonate of soda is a valuable underarm deodorant for 
common daily usage.” Id. Lamb observed that “[n]o furunculosis,” or boils, 
“developed in over 90 cases which have used bicarbonate of soda over 
periods of from four weeks to a year’s duration.” Id. 
4. Bianchi ’518 (Ex. 1006) 
Bianchi ’518 is titled “Low Residue Solid Antiperspirant.” Ex. 1006, 
code (54). Bianchi ’518 “relates to antiperspirant sticks, substantially free of 
water and long chain fatty alcohols, which provide the user with excellent 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
15 
 
antiperspirant efficacy, reduced residue when the composition is first applied 
to the skin, reduced residue after dry down, high temperature stability, and 
excellent cosmetics and aesthetics. Id. at 1:8–13. 
Bianchi ’518 discloses that the antiperspirant composition possesses a 
specification of “Penetration-ASTM D-1321@ 100/77/5 10–16.” Id. at 
2:57–58. Bianchi ’518 explains that 
[o]ne important physical parameter affecting consumer 
acceptance of suspensoid antiperspirant sticks of the invention is 
hardness as measured by needle penetration. Typical 
compositions of the invention will range in hardness from about 
7.0 to about 14.0 mm as shown by the above mentioned needle 
penetration test. Products outside this range will typically 
generate low consumer acceptance ratings. 
Id. at 6:23–29. 
 
5. Native (Ex. 1007) 
Native is a printed publication from a website advertising a deodorant 
product sold in 2016. Ex. 1007, 5–8, 11–12, 14–18. Native is advertised as 
a “Deodorant That Isn’t A Chemistry Experiment,” which contains “Natural 
Ingredients” and is “Aluminum-Free.” Id. at 5. Native lists each ingredient 
for the Native deodorant stick product, including, inter alia, shea butter, 
beeswax, baking soda, and stearyl alcohol. Id. at 6, 11. 
The picture on page 5 of Native, reproduced below, illustrates a 
deodorant product. Id. at 5. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
16 
 
 
The picture of the Native deodorant product, reproduced above, 
illustrates the deodorant stick in a supine position with the cap removed. Id. 
6. Bianchi ’254 (Ex. 1008) 
Bianchi ’254 is titled “Antiperspirant Stick Compositions.” Ex. 1008, 
code (54). Bianchi ’254 discloses “antiperspirant stick compositions 
comprising specified amounts of antiperspirant active; carrier oil comprising 
volatile silicone oil and non-volatile masking oil; structurant comprising 
fatty alcohol and cosmetically acceptable wax having a melting point of 75 
to 95° C., a portion of wax comprises polyethylene in specified amounts.” 
Id. at code (57). Bianchi ’254 addresses 
a need for non-whitening fatty alcohol-containing antiperspirant 
sticks, particularly sticks containing fatty alcohol at levels of 
12% by weight or above, more particularly, 15 wt % or above. 
Also desired are non-whitening fatty alcohol-containing sticks 
that have desirable antiperspirant payouts, while providing a 
‘clean’, non-sticky feel. There also remains a need for a 
non-whitening fatty-alcohol containing stick that provides 
desirable payout as well as being thermally stable and resistant 
to dome collapse at temperatures of 50° C. 
Id. at ¶ 10. Table 5 of Bianchi ’254 provides eight different formulations of 
antiperspirant sticks with each of their respective components and amounts 
listed. Id. at ¶ 131. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
17 
 
Bianchi ’254 explains that the “[t]he hardness of the sticks can be 
measured in a needle penetration test.” Id. at ¶ 26. Bianchi ’254 describes 
the method for measuring stick hardness using a “brass/steel tapered needle 
(DIN 51-579)” depth on six locations of the stick, “with the hardness values 
being reported as an average of the six measurements.” Id. at ¶ 117. 
7. Easy Homemade (Ex. 1009) 
Easy Homemade is a printed publication of a blog post titled “Easy 
Homemade Deodorant Recipe with just 3-Ingredients.” Ex. 1009, 5. Easy 
Homemade describes the blogger’s first experience with natural deodorant, 
but falling “victim to the burning fiery rash you get after using deodorant 
with baking soda.” Id. at 6. Easy Homemade describes that the blogger 
discovered that she “could swap the baking soda with magnesium hydroxide 
- basically the same thing as Milk of Magnesia - and it worked just as well.” 
Id. The Easy Homemade blogger describes melting “two natural 
deodorants” that are aluminum-free, and making a “[h]uge difference” in 
each deodorants’ performance by adding “arrowroot powder and magnesium 
hydroxide to them.” Id. at 7. Easy Homemade provides a deodorant recipe 
and lists “2.15 oz. natural aluminum free deodorant (base) of choice[,] 1 oz. 
arrowroot powder[,] .5 oz. magnesium hydroxide[,]” to which one may 
“[a]dd essential oils if desired.” Id. at 7–8. 
8. Millet (Ex. 1044) 
Millet is titled “Anhydrous Deodorant Composition Made from 
Bicarbonate.” Ex. 1044, code (54). Millet “relates to an anhydrous 
cosmetic composition made from bicarbonate salt, []the cosmetic use of 
same as a deodorant,” and “a deodorant product containing said 
composition.” Id. at code (57). Millet describes that it is “possible to 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
18 
 
formulate anhydrous deodorants . . . in the form of sticks of soft texture, 
based on ingredients of natural origin,” that “have proved easy to apply, 
effective against perspiration odors and capable of depositing a soft, 
non-greasy and non-tacky film on the skin.” Id. at ¶ 4. Millet describes 
adding “pulverulent fillers, which are suitable for absorbing moisture and 
sweat,” such as, “in particular []native starch, []modified starch and 
cellulose.” Id. at ¶¶ 38, 39; see also id. ¶¶ 48–50 (disclosing two examples 
of a “Deodorant Balm” and each of their respective ingredients and 
percentage amounts.). 
9. Anconi (Ex. 1057) 
Anconi is titled “Antiperspirant Compositions.” Ex. 1057, code (54). 
Anconi discloses deodorant formulations comprising zinc salts that are 
substantially free of aluminum salts. Id. at Abstract. Anconi also discloses 
triethyl citrate as an “ingredient[] known to have antibacterial and deodorant 
properties.” Id. at ¶ [0027]. 
10. Stoia (Ex. 1058) 
Petitioner’s Exhibit 1058 is a report titled “Selected Evidence-Based 
Health Benefits of Topically Applied Sunflower Oil,” which purports to 
“summarize the outcomes of in vivo and in vitro studies relating to 
cosmeceutical and phytopharmaceutical potency of sunflower seed oil based 
on the epidemiological evidence published” prior to 2015. Ex. 1058, 
Abstract. 
11. Squatch (Ex. 1059) 
The reference Petitioner identifies as “Squatch” is a declaration by 
Vinod Stephen Pinto, Senior Director of Product Management, Ecommerce 
at Dr. Squatch. Ex. 1059 ¶ 1. Mr. Pinto testifies that images provided in 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
19 
 
Exhibit A of the declaration are images of certain Dr. Squatch products that 
were published on the https://drsquatch.com website in 2020. 
12. Sturgis (Ex. 1073) 
Sturgis is titled “Deodorant Compositions.” Ex. 1073, code (54). 
Sturgis discloses using at least about 25% of one or more liquid triglyceride 
as a structurant in a deodorant stick. Id. at ¶¶ [0005], [0042]–[0043]. 
Sturgis also describes that its deodorant sticks “having a hardness from 
about 80 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10, as measured by penetration with 
ASTM D-1321 needle” so as to “offer[] a pleasant consumer experience.” 
Id. at ¶¶ [0005], [0024]. Sturgis discloses that a starch such as tapioca starch 
or arrowroot powder can be added to deodorant sticks “for dry feel or 
wetness absorption.” Id. at ¶ [0065], Table 1. 
C. The Lesniak Grounds (Ground 1–4) 
In Grounds 1–4, Petitioner asserts that claims 1–19 would have been 
obvious over Lesniak in combination with Bianchi ’254, Phinney, Anconi, 
and Easy Homemade. In Ground 1, Petitioner asserts that Lesniak teaches 
the majority of the limitations of claims 1–13 and relies on Bianchi ’254 for 
its teaching that stearyl alcohol is a fatty alcohol widely used as a structurant 
for deodorants and for teaching that the claimed hardness range of 8.0 mm to 
about 14.0 mm 1 was standard and important for consumer acceptance. 
Pet. 16–26. In Ground 2, Petitioner relies on Phinney for its teaching 
magnesium hydroxide as an effective deodorant. Id. at 26–29 (claim 14). In 
Ground 3, Petitioner relies on Anconi teaching the use of triethyl citrate as 
 
1 The claimed hardness range of about 80 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10 is 
equivalent to 8.0 mm to about 14.0 mm. See Ex. 1001, 12:52–55 
(explaining that 80 mm*10 is the same as 8 mm). 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
20 
 
an antimicrobial. Id. at 29–35 (claims 15, 16, 18, 19). In Ground 4, 
Petitioner relies on Easy Homemade for its teaching on the utility of 
arrowroot as a starch in deodorants. Id. at 35–38 (claim 17). Petitioner also 
provides detailed claims charts and/or discussion for each of these grounds 
explaining how each claim limitation is disclosed in the asserted references 
and how the claims recite deodorants formulated by combining well-known 
deodorant ingredients with design choices Petitioner asserts would have 
been obvious. See Pet. 20–26 (Ground 1), 28–29 (Ground 2), 32–34 
(Ground 3), 38 (Ground 4). Petitioner supports its assertions with the 
testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 58–134. 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that preponderance of the evidence supports the conclusion 
that claims 1–19 would have been obvious over Lesniak in combination with 
Bianchi ’254, Phinney, Anconi, and/or Easy Homemade. Our reasoning 
follows. 
1. Ground 1 (Claims 1–13) 
a) Independent Claim 1 
Petitioner argues that claims 1–13 are obvious over Lesniak in view of 
Bianchi ’254. Pet. 16–26. Specific to independent claim 1, Petitioner 
contends that Lesniak describes natural, anhydrous deodorant sticks 
containing liquid triglycerides (e.g., caprylic/capric triglyceride), 
structurants (e.g., beeswax, fatty alcohols), and antimicrobials (e.g., zinc 
oxide). Pet. 16–17, 20–22. Petitioner further contends that: 
While Lesniak describes formulating deodorant compositions 
with “fatty alcohols,” which a POSA would have understood to 
include stearyl alcohol, it does not expressly disclose using 
stearyl alcohol as a structurant. Ex. 1003, 8:31-32; Ex. 1001, 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
21 
 
5:43-44, 61-62; Ex. 1008, Tables 1, 5. Bianchi ’254 states stearyl 
alcohol is a “widely used” structurant “of particular interest” for 
deodorants and describes examples comprising 12-25% of 
stearyl alcohol. Ex. 1008, ¶¶[0001], [0018], [0019], [0058]. 
Therefore, a POSA would have found it obvious to use stearyl 
alcohol as a structurant in the composition of Lesniak, as taught 
by Bianchi ’254. 
Pet. 17. Petitioner also contends that Lesniak’s focus on “natural” 
formulations suggests the absence of aluminum salts, baking soda, and 
synthetic silicones/fragrances. Id. at 21–23. For example, Petitioner 
contends that the use of zinc oxide in Lesniak serves as a known alternative 
to aluminum and Lesniak’s preference for natural ingredients militates 
against using aluminum, which some consumers perceive as unsafe. Id. at 
21–22. 
Petitioner acknowledges that Lesniak does not disclose a hardness 
from about 80 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10. Id. at 17. For this element, 
Petitioner relies on Bianchi ’254, which describes preferred hardness values 
(8 to 15 mm) measured by penetration with a standard ASTM-D 1321 
needle. Id. at 18. Petitioner contends that this hardness range was standard 
and that it would be obvious to formulate Lesniak’s deodorant stick to be 
within the claimed hardness range, which overlaps with ranges known to be 
acceptable to consumers. Id. at 18, 22, (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 63–65 (citing 
Ex. 1025, 12:41–55), 75–77). Petitioner contends that adjusting the amount 
of structurant to reach a target hardness (e.g., adjusting amounts to attain the 
desired feel of the stick) would have been a matter of routine optimization 
for a formulator. Pet. 8 (citing Ex. 1041, 4:37–44; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 45–47). For 
example, “[a] POSA would have understood that the hardness could be 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
22 
 
adjusted by altering the amount of the [primary] structurant and/or by 
incorporating secondary structurants.” Id. at 20 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 66–67). 
Patent Owner responds to Petitioner’s challenge of claim 1 with 
several arguments, which we address below. PO Resp. 14–40. 
(1) Whether Lesniak discloses a deodorant stick 
Patent Owner first contends that “Lesniak does not disclose a 
‘deodorant stick,’ as required by the preamble of every independent claims.” 
PO Resp. 14. Patent Owner acknowledges that Lesniak suggests that “[t]he 
composition can also be an antiperspirant” (Ex. 1003, 10:27–29), but 
contends that Lesniak fails to “specify any form of antiperspirant, which can 
come in a variety of forms, including aerosol sprays, creams, liquids, and 
gels.” PO Resp. 18 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 57). Patent Owner further contends 
that Lesniak’s “passing references to ‘antiperspirant’ fail to convert Lesniak 
into something other than a reference about sunscreens and diaper creams.” 
Id. 
 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments. Rather, we 
agree with Petitioner that Lesniak teaches anhydrous personal care 
compositions where “[t]he composition can . . . be an antiperspirant” and 
“can also be a stick.” Ex. 1003, 9:45, 10:27. In light of those express 
disclosures, we are unpersuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments that Lesniak 
fails to teach or suggest a “deodorant stick.” We thus determine that 
Lesniak teaches or suggests a deodorant in the form of an antiperspirant. 
Pet. Reply 2–3 (citing Ex. 1036, 2 (“all antiperspirants are deodorants”); 
Ex. 1037, 246 (same); Ex. 1084, 33 (“[T]he main mechanisms through 
which deodorant products intended to combat body odors . . . were the usage 
of antiperspirants that prevent perspiration[.]”)). 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
23 
 
(2) Whether antiperspirants must contain aluminum 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak’s antiperspirants must contain 
aluminum. PO Resp. 19–20. Specifically, Patent Owner contends that, 
[T]he term “antiperspirant,” to a POSA, means a composition 
containing an aluminum salt or complex—the only 
antiperspirant actives approved by the FDA. See 37 C.F.R. 
[§] 350. As Dr. Lochhead explains, a POSA would have 
understood that the FDA regulates antiperspirants as drugs and 
regards deodorants as cosmetics. (Ex. 2011 at ¶ 52.) A POSA 
would have further understood Lesniak’s disclosure of 
“antiperspirant” as requiring the use of an antiperspirant active, 
and the only antiperspirant actives approved by the FDA all 
contain aluminum. (Id.) Indeed, the FDA lists the 18 approved 
antiperspirant actives in its monograph “Antiperspirant Drug 
Products for Over-the-Counter Human Use,” and every single 
one comprises an aluminum compound or complex. 
PO Resp. 19–20 (footnote omitted). See also PO Sur-reply 18–20 (“a 
POSA’s understanding of ‘antiperspirants,’ now and at the time of Lesniak, 
is that they contain aluminum” (citing Ex. 1081,2 60:12–14 (“[A] POSA 
would understand if you’re talking about an antiperspirant, it has to have 
aluminum.”); Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 52–54)). 
We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument. Rather, we agree 
with Petitioner that, while Patent Owner “emphasizes that the FDA requires 
antiperspirants marketed in the U.S. to contain aluminum, anticipation and 
obviousness are distinct from FDA regulatory requirements.” Pet. Reply 3 
(citing Persion Pharms. LLC v. Alvogen Malta Ops. Ltd., 945 F.3d 1184, 
1193 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (“FDA’s approval requirements do not undermine the 
force of the evidence as to obviousness”)). Further to that point, the 
evidence of record shows that zinc compounds were known antiperspirant 
 
2 Ex. 1081, Dr. Robert Lochhead Deposition Transcript, July 10, 2025. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
24 
 
actives and alternatives to aluminum in antiperspirant compositions. Id. at 4 
(citing Ex. 1003, 3:39–4:21, 8:46–48, 10:27 (describing zinc-based 
antiperspirant compositions); Ex. 1014 ¶¶ 20–26 (“[A]ntiperspirant actives 
include astringent metallic salts, particularly inorganic and organic salts of 
aluminum, zirconium, and zinc, as well as mixtures thereof.”)); see also 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 74 (“Lesniak’s formulations include zinc oxide, which was a 
known alternative to aluminum.”) (citing Ex. 1003, 1:39–2:30, 3:43–4:21, 
5:32–6:23, 8:31–9:59). 
(3) Whether Lesniak enables a deodorant stick 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak fails to provide sufficient 
guidance as to how to formulate a stable deodorant or antiperspirant stick, 
and therefore, is non-enabling. PO. Resp. at 23–29 (citing Ex. 2011 
¶¶ 57–69). In particular, Patent Owner contends that “the only ‘stick’ 
formulation Lesniak expressly teaches is a sunscreen stick.” Id. at 23–24 
(citing Ex. 1003, Table 7). Patent Owner also directs our attention to the 
results disclosed in Lesniak’s [Table 2] and argues that Lesniak’s 
compositions suffered from stability issues. Id. at 24–28; see also Sur-
reply 17 (“Lesniak’s Table 2 shows that even small changes in a 
composition can yield unstable results,” demonstrating that the art is 
unpredictable.). Patent Owner concludes that “Lesniak provides no teaching 
of a stable ‘deodorant stick,’ no teaching of a stable ‘antiperspirant stick,’ 
and at least nine different sunscreen formulas with slight variations that are 
all unstable.” PO Resp. 28 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 69). 
We find that the evidence of record fails to support Patent Owner’s 
argument that the prior art does not enable a stable deodorant stick. Rather, 
we are persuaded by Petitioner that Lesniak sufficiently teaches 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
25 
 
compositions with the relevant ingredients and achieves stable compositions 
through the use of a second wax having a melting point of 73 to 90° C. 
Pet. Reply 6–7 (citing Ex. 1003, 1:39–54). For example, Lesniak’s 
compositions (nos. 8 and 11) that used such a secondary wax, namely 
CastorWax MP80, are disclosed as sufficiently stable. Ex. 1003, Table 2. 
Here, we further credit the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn that 
Lesniak teaches how to make stable compositions by including a 
secondary wax, such as castor wax, with a sufficiently high 
melting point. Ex. 1003, 1:39-54, 5:23-32, Table 2. Both of the 
compositions (nos. 8 and 11) tested by Lesniak that had such a 
wax passed the stability tests. Id. 
Ex. 1086 ¶ 7; see also Pet. Reply 6 (“Lesniak overcame any stability issues, 
as it expressly discloses compositions that are ‘physically stable at high and 
low temperatures.’”) (citing Ex. 1003, 5:23–32). 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we determine that Lesniak provides sufficient disclosure 
to enable a person of ordinary skill in the art to formulate deodorant stick 
within the parameters of claim 1. 
(4) Motivation to Combine Lesniak and Bianchi ’254 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner’s argument is inconsistent 
because a POSA would have understood Lesniak’s formulations to be 
complete deodorant sticks that did not require additional ingredients, yet 
Petitioner seeks to modify Lesniak’s formulations. PO Resp. 29–31 (citing 
Pet. 20–26, 29–31). Patent Owner compares the formulations of Lesniak 
and Bianchi ’254 asserting that a “POSA would not have been motivated to 
consider Bianchi-254’s teachings in combination with Lesniak, as the 
Bianchi compositions require large amounts of non-natural ingredients 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
26 
 
(volatile silicones), and using such non-natural ingredients would defeat the 
core objective of Lesniak to provide natural compositions.” PO Resp. 
30–31. 
We have considered Patent Owner’s arguments but determine that 
Petitioner has the better position. Petitioner does not rely on the teachings of 
Bianchi ’254 relating to its non-natural ingredients, such as silicones, but on 
its teaching concerning an acceptable hardness range to accommodate 
consumer preferences for deodorant sticks. See Pet. 17–18; Ex. 1008 ¶ 26. 
To that point, Lesniak teaches the use of a first and second wax as preferred 
structurants and the evidence of record supports a conclusion that a POSA 
would understand how to formulate a deodorant stick using the structurants 
taught in Lesniak. See, e.g., Pet. 18–23; Ex. 1002 ¶ 42 (“For deodorant 
sticks, the structurant is what [is] mixed with the carrier oil to cause the 
formulation to have the consistency (e.g., hardness) of a stick form. In 
addition to adjusting the balance between, e.g., waxes of different melting 
points to control hardness, a POSA would have appreciated that the amount 
of structurant controls the hardness of the stick.”). Therefore, Patent 
Owner’s argument concerning the lack of a reason to combine the references 
based on the natural or non-natural nature of the ingredients of Lesniak and 
Bianchi ’518 is unpersuasive. 
(5) Whether Lesniak or Bianchi ’254 Disclose a Stick of the 
Claimed Hardness 
Claim 1 requires that the claimed deodorant stick to have “a hardness 
from about 80 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10, as measured by penetration 
with ASTM D-1321 needle.” Ex. 1001, 15:25–34. For this element, 
Petitioner relies on Bianchi ’254’s teaching that consumers prefer products 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
27 
 
falling within a hardness range of about 8 mm to about 15 mm (equivalent to 
about 80 mm*10 to about 150 mm*10), as measured by the standard 
ASTM-D-1321 needle penetration test. Pet. 17–23 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 26, 
117; see also Ex. 1001, 12:52–55 (explaining that 80 mm*10 is the same as 
8 mm). 
Patent Owner contends that the standard hardness test referenced in 
Bianchi ’254 is different from the test described in the ’752 patent and 
contends that “the Bianchi hardness test uses a needle and shaft with double 
the weight of the needle and shaft used in the ’752 Patent [100 grams vs. 50 
grams], and thus its so-called same or similar hardness ranges reflect that the 
Bianchi compositions are actually significantly harder than those claimed in 
the ’752 Patent (i.e., [the ’752 method would] require twice the weight of the 
penetration needle assembly to yield similar penetration depths).” PO 
Resp. 32 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 76–84; Ex. 1087,3 461–62 (“Place a 50-g 
weight above the penetrometer needle, making a total load of 100 ± 0.015 g 
for the needle and all attachments.”)). Patent Owner supports its argument 
with the testimony of Dr. Lochhead, who explains that 
The ’752 Patent uses a different hardness testing method. The 
’752 Patent explains that its invention exhibits a hardness in the 
range of “80 mm*10 to about 140 mm*10,” as measured using 
an ASTM D-1321 penetration needle in a test similar to ASTM 
D-1321 and DIN 51-579, but with a significant difference: “the 
total weight of the shaft and needle is 50±0.2 grams when the 
shaft is in free fall.” (’752 Patent at 12:7-8.) The ’752 Patent’s 
method does not include the “50-g weight” added to the needle 
in the DIN 51-579 test used by Bianchi-254. 
 
3 Ex. 1087, ASTM D-1321 Needle Penetration Test Standard (1996). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
28 
 
Ex. 2011 ¶ 81; see PO Resp. 33. Patent Owner further contends that the 
evidence of record fails to support a conclusion that Bianchi ’254’s test and 
the ’752 patent’s test would produce overlapping hardness ranges. Id. at 34. 
We find that the evidence of record fails to support Patent Owner’s 
position that the ’752 patent discloses a unique hardness test. As noted by 
Petitioner, the ’752 patent discloses that hardness was measured by 
“penetration with ASTM D-1321 needle (see Hardness test method below).” 
Ex. 1001, 9:23–24. The ’752 patent describes that its hardness test was 
based on ASTM D-1321 and used penetration “[n]eedles as specified for 
ASTM D 1321/DIN 51 579.” Ex. 1001, 11:61–62. The disclosed Hardness 
test method appears to correspond to the ASTM D-1321 standard protocol 
and does not expressly disclose diverting from the standard protocol in any 
manner, including the ’752 patent’s disclosure that “[p]eriodic calibration 
should confirm: . . . the total weight of the shaft and needle is 50±0.2 grams 
when the shaft is in free fall.” Id. at 12:2–7. That disclosure for periodic 
calibration corresponds with the requirement under the ASTM D-1321 test 
that “[t]he final weight of the needle shall be 2.5 ± 0.05 g. The total weight 
of the plunger shall be 47.5 ± 0.05 g.” Ex. 1087, 461. For the actual test, 
the ASTM D-1321 standard protocol uses 100 grams of weight. Id. at 
461–62. That is, the ASTM D-1321 test makes clear that a 50-gram weight 
is placed “above the penetrometer needle, making a total load of 100 ± 
0.15 g for the needle and all attachments,” thereby explaining Bianchi ’254’s 
disclosure of a test using 100 grams of weight. Id.; see also Pet. Reply 19; 
PO Sur-reply 4–5; Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 79–82. 
The ’752 patent does not disclose performing the test with only the 
needle as Patent Owner contends. PO Resp. 32. Rather, the ’752 patent 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
29 
 
discloses a hardness test that significantly corresponds to the ASTM D-1321 
standard protocol, the test that is expressly reference in the ’752 patent and 
recited in the claims. The ’752 patent does not expressly disclose any 
departure from the standard test, including failing to expressly disclose 
performing the hardness test without the required 50-gram weight placed 
above the penetrometer needle, and its silence to that fact is insufficient to 
persuade us that a different test was ultimately intended or performed. See 
Thorner v. Sony Computer Ent. Am. LLC, 669 F.3d 1362, 1365 (Fed. Cir. 
2012) (“‘To act as its own lexicographer, a patentee must ‘clearly set forth a 
definition of the disputed claim term” other than its plain and ordinary 
meaning.”. . . “[T]he patentee must ‘clearly express an intent’ to redefine the 
term.” (quoting CCS Fitness, Inc. v. Brunswick Corp., 288 F.3d 1359, 1366 
(Fed. Cir. 2002); Helmsderfer v. Bobrick Washroom Equip., Inc., 527 F.3d 
1379, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2008)). Rather, we are persuaded by the following 
testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn: 
Dr. Lochhead states that he believes the claimed recitation of a 
hardness range “as measured by penetration with ASTM D-1321 
needle” should not be understood to indicate the ASTM D-1321 
standard, but a modification of that standard. Ex. 2011, ¶81. As 
a basis for his opinion. Dr. Lochhead focuses on language in the 
’752 Patent that “the total weight of the shaft and needle is 
50±0.2 grams.” Ex. 2011, ¶25. But he omits the preceding 
language, which states that this is the weight to be used for 
“[p]eriodic calibration” to “confirm” that the equipment is in 
proper working order. Ex. 1001, 12:1-11. That “[p]eriodic 
calibration” section precedes a section identifying what needs to 
be confirmed “[a]t the time of use.” Id., 12:10-12. Those two 
sections would suggest to a POSA routine checking of 
equipment. Only after those two sections does the specification 
set forth the test. Id., 12:20-57 (“Sample Preparation and 
Measurement”). Moreover, the “[p]eriodic calibration” comports 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
30 
 
with the ASTM D-1321 standard, which likewise requires that 
the “weight of the needle shall be 2.5 g” and the “weight of the 
plunger shall be 47.5 g,” for a 50-g total weight of the needle 
assembly. Ex. 2018, 5. Although the ASTM D-1321 standard 
further describes using an additional 50-g weight during the test, 
a POSA would not read the ’752 Patent to exclude that weight. 
Rather, a POSA would consult the details of the ASTM D-1321 
standard identified by the ’752 Patent to ensure compliance 
Ex. 1086 ¶ 3. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we determine that a POSA would have been motivated 
to formulate Lesniak’s deodorant stick to be within the claimed hardness 
range, which overlaps with ranges known to be acceptable to consumers as 
disclosed in Bianchi ’254, with a reasonable expectation of success. 
Pet. 17–22 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 63–67, 76–77). 
(6) Whether a POSA would have been motivated to use stearyl 
alcohol as the structurant of the stick 
Petitioner contends that Bianchi ’254 discloses stearyl alcohol as a 
structurant widely used for deodorants and describes examples including 
12–25% stearyl alcohol as the structurant present in the greatest amount. 
Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 1, 18, 19, 58). Petitioner further contends that 
A POSA would have been motivated to use stearyl alcohol as a 
structurant in Lesniak’s deodorant formulations and would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so because 
stearyl alcohol was a preferred option that had already been used 
successfully as a structurant in deodorant sticks. 
Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 72). 
Patent Owner contends that “the POSA would not have been 
motivated to reformulate Lesniak, and instead understood Lesniak as ‘a 
complete deodorant stick’ without the need for additional ingredients or 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
31 
 
modification.” PO Resp. 39. Patent Owner further contends that POSA 
would not have had a reasonable expectation of success in reformulating 
Lesniak to make stearyl alcohol the primary structurant given Lesniak’s 
stability issues and “the fundamental differences between the compositions 
described in Lesniak and that of the Bianchi ’254.” Id. at 40. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we find Petitioner to have the better position, and we 
conclude that Patent Owner’s arguments fail to overcome Petitioner’s 
sufficient showing that a POSA would have been motivated to use stearyl 
alcohol as the structurant of the stick. To begin, we note that Lesniak 
discloses the use of a first wax having a melting point of 35° C. to 72° C. 
and a second wax having melting point of 73° C. to 90° C. Lesniak also 
discloses that 
such compositions are . . . physically stable (i.e. do not exhibit 
separation into a bulk solid portion and a bulk liquid portion) 
when stored at 49° C./0% relative humidity for a period of 13 
weeks, and when stored at 0° C./75% relative humidity for a 
period of 13 weeks, and show acceptable dispensing 
characteristics in addition to being non-greasy. 
Ex. 1003, 5:61–67. 
Furthermore, Lesniak teaches that the first wax may be “monoesters 
of long chain fatty acids and long chain fatty alcohols.” Id. at 1:66–2:2. 
Here, Dr. Michniak-Kohn informs us that a POSA would have understood 
stearyl alcohol to fall within the category of fatty alcohols suggested by 
Lesniak, a point that is undisputed by Patent Owner. Ex. 1002 ¶ 61. For its 
part, “Bianchi ’254 states stearyl alcohol is a ‘widely used’ structurant ‘of 
particular interest’ for deodorants and describes examples comprising 
12–25% of stearyl alcohol” as the structurant present in the greatest amount. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
32 
 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 104 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 1, 18, 19, 58). In view of those teachings 
in Lesniak and Bianchi ’254, we agree with Petitioner that a POSA would 
have found it obvious to choose stearyl alcohol as the primary structurant 
(first wax) in the composition of Lesniak, as taught by Bianchi ’254. See 
Almirall, LLC v. Amneal Pharms. LLC, 28 F.4th 265, 273 (Fed. Cir. 2022) 
(It is obvious to “substituting one known [material] for another. Each may be 
effective at a different concentration in different formulations, but that is just 
a property of the particular known material, subject to conventional 
experimentation.”); see also Conopco Inc. v. The Procter & Gamble Co., 
IPR2013-00505, Paper No. 69, at 23 (PTAB Feb. 10, 2015), aff’d, No. 
2015–1680 (Fed. Cir. Aug. 8, 2016) (“no express suggestion would have 
been needed to prompt one to substitute a known, interchangeable 
alternative for another, to perform a common function”). 
(7) Conclusion as to Claim 1 
For the reasons discussed above, we conclude that Petitioner has 
proved by a preponderance of evidence that the combined teachings of 
Lesniak and Bianchi ’254 render claim 1 obvious. 
b) Dependent Claims 2–13 
 Petitioner argues that claims 2–13 would have been obvious over 
Lesniak and Bianchi ’254. Pet. 22–26. Patent Owner presents the 
arguments discussed above regarding the limitations of claim 1, but does not 
present arguments or direct us to evidence against Petitioner’s challenges 
that are specific to the limitations of claims 2–13. See generally PO Resp. 
Upon review of Petitioner’s undisputed arguments and evidence, 
which we adopt as our own, and the evidence of record, we determine that 
Petitioner has demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that each of 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
33 
 
claims 2–13 would have been obvious over the combination of Lesniak and 
Bianchi ’254. See, e.g., Pet. 17–22. 
2. Ground 2: Obviousness over Lesniak, Bianchi ’254, and Phinney 
(Claim 14) 
Claim 14 depends from claim 1 and adds a requirement that the 
primary antimicrobial is selected from a group that includes magnesium 
hydroxide. Petitioner argues claim 14 is obvious by adding Phinney to the 
combination of Lesniak and Bianchi ’254, discussed above. Pet. 26–29. 
Petitioner concedes that Lesniak does not expressly teach the use of 
magnesium hydroxide. Id. at 26. Petitioner contends that “[b]ecause 
Lesniak teaches using zinc oxide (a known antimicrobial) and Phinney 
teaches that using magnesium hydroxide in combination with zinc oxide 
improves antimicrobial properties, a POSA would have had a reason to 
follow Phinney’s teaching and add magnesium hydroxide to Lesniak’s 
composition.” Id. at 27. Petitioner contends that both Lesniak and Phinney 
focus on natural ingredients, making the substitution or addition of 
magnesium hydroxide a logical design choice. Id. at 27–28. 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak and Phinney describe entirely 
different uses for their metal oxides/hydroxides. PO Resp. 41. In particular, 
Patent Owner contends that Lesniak includes zinc oxide in sunscreen and 
diaper cream compositions as a protective barrier, not for odor control. Id. 
Moreover, Patent Owner contends that “Lesniak’s formulas with high 
concentrations of zinc oxide [are] unsuitable for use as an underarm 
deodorant or antiperspirant.” Id. (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 96; Ex. 1004, 2:33–36 
(“[Z]inc oxide… [is] very unreactive against perspiration odour.”), 3:20–21). 
Thus, Patent Owner asserts a “POSA would not have been motivated to look 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
34 
 
at Phinney to modify Lesniak or incorporate any additional antimicrobial 
into Lesniak ‘to improve odor protection,’ as odor protection was not a goal 
of Lesniak’s zinc oxide in the first place.” Id. 
Furthermore, Patent Owner contends that Phinney does not suggest a 
combination of zinc oxide and magnesium hydroxide. Id. at 34–35. Rather, 
according to Patent Owner, 
Petitioner cherry picks magnesium hydroxide from Phinney’s 
disclosure of a three- or four-ingredient combination. Phinney 
explains that to combat odor, its compositions contain a 
combination of (1) magnesium hydroxide, and (2) zinc 
hydroxide, and (3) potassium chloride and/or potassium sulfate. 
(Ex. 1004 at 8:7-31, cl. 1.) There are two significant aspects to 
this multi-part odor fighting combination: the requirement of 
zinc hydroxide, not zinc oxide; and the requirement of potassium 
chloride/sulfate. (Ex. 2011 at ¶ 97.) 
PO Resp. 41–42 (emphasis omitted). Patent Owner further contends that 
Lesniak and Phinney are incompatible, arguing that Lesniak’s compositions 
are anhydrous while Phinney’s compositions requires water. Id. at 43 (citing 
2011 ¶ 101); see also Ex. 1004, 4:48–51, 8:40–41 (explaining magnesium 
oxide and zinc oxide are both mixed with water to become their respective 
hydroxides, and that they “must be completely converted to their hydroxides 
or skin irritation will occur”); Sur-reply 19–20. 
We have considered Patent Owner’s arguments but find, on this 
record, Petitioner to have the better position, and we conclude that Patent 
Owner’s arguments fail to overcome Petitioner’s sufficient showing that a 
POSA would have been motivated to add magnesium hydroxide to 
Lesniak’s compositions because 
Phinney teaches that: (i) zinc oxide has “low activity” as a 
“deodorant agent”; (ii) magnesium hydroxide is “an effective 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
35 
 
deodorant”; and (iii) zinc and magnesium compounds have 
synergistic effects, hence motivating a POSA to add magnesium 
hydroxide to Lesniak’s zinc oxide deodorants. Ex. 1004, 1:13-
3:16, 5:61-67. 
Pet. Reply 19; see also Pet. 29 (arguing that a POSA would have been 
motivated to add magnesium hydroxide to the composition of Lesniak 
because zinc oxide is not a particularly efficacious antimicrobial in 
deodorants when used alone, whereas magnesium hydroxide is an effective 
deodorant). 
We acknowledge that Phinney suggests mixing zinc oxide with water 
in order to convert zinc oxide to zinc hydroxide. See, e.g., Ex. 1004, 
1:17–19 (“It was also found that a mixture of the hydroxides of zinc and 
magnesium could provide long lasting protection against odour due to 
perspiration.”). The evidence of record, however, shows that both 
magnesium hydroxide and zinc oxide were known options for deodorant 
antimicrobials, and claim 14 does not require a minimal level of 
effectiveness such that the combination of magnesium hydroxide and zinc 
oxide would need to outperform any other combination including the 
mixture of zinc and magnesium hydroxides. See e.g., Ex. 1003, 3:39–42; 
Ex. 1004; see also In re Fulton, 391 F.3d 1195, 1200 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (“Our 
case law does not require that a particular combination must be the 
preferred, or the most desirable, combination[.]”). Here, we also credit the 
testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn that “POSA would understand that the 
water-based vs. anhydrous distinction is not relevant, as a POSA would 
understand that magnesium hydroxide would still function as an 
antimicrobial in anhydrous compositions such as those disclosed by 
Lesniak.” Ex. 1086 ¶ 9 (citing Ex. 1072, 1–2, 5 (disclosing deodorants 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
36 
 
without added water and with zinc oxide and/or magnesium hydroxide)). 
Accordingly, we are persuaded by Petitioner that “[a] POSA would have 
been motivated to incorporate known improvements to odor protection, 
particularly where the known improvement also was known to maintain the 
‘natural’ composition intended by Lesniak. Pet. 27 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 95). 
 
Ultimately, however, it does not matter whether Phinney teaches a 
composition that contains water. “[I]t is not necessary that [two pieces of 
prior art] be physically combinable to render obvious” the claimed subject 
matter. Allied Erecting and Dismantling Co., Inc. v. Genesis Attachments, 
LLC, 825 F.3d 1373, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (quoting In re Sneed, 710 F.2d 
1544, 1550 (Fed. Cir. 1983)). Rather, the question is “whether the claimed 
inventions are rendered obvious by the teachings of the prior art as a whole.” 
In re Etter, 756 F.2d 852, 859 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (noting that whether one 
prior art reference can be incorporated into another is “basically irrelevant.”) 
Lesniak and Phinney undisputedly teach that magnesium hydroxide and zinc 
oxide were known ingredients in personal care products including 
deodorants. Ex. 1003, 3:39–42; Ex. 1004. The inclusion of magnesium 
hydroxide and zinc oxide into a single product therefore represents, absent 
evidence to the contrary, “a combination of familiar elements according to 
known methods that does no more than yield predictable results.” Agrizap, 
Inc. v. Woodstream Corp., 520 F.3d 1337, 1344 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
For the reasons discussed above, we conclude that Petitioner has 
proved by a preponderance of evidence that the combined teachings of 
Lesniak and Phinney render obvious claim 14. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
37 
 
3. Ground 3: Obviousness over Lesniak, Bianchi ’254, Phinney, 
Anconi (Claim 15, 16, 18, 19) 
Petitioner asserts that the combination of Lesniak, Bianchi ’254, 
Phinney, and Anconi renders obvious claims 15, 16, 18, and 19. Pet. 
29–35. Claims 15–16 and 18–19 recite deodorant sticks comprising a list of 
certain ingredients, including triethyl citrate and starch. 
Petitioner primarily relies on Lesniak to teach the limitations of claims 
15, 16, 18, and 19 Petitioner but acknowledges that, “[w]hile Lesniak 
describes formulating deodorant compositions with antimicrobials such as 
zinc oxide, it does not expressly teach the use of triethyl citrate.” Id. at 
29–30. For that element, Petitioner relies on Anconi and contends that 
Anconi discloses deodorant formulations containing antimicrobials and 
identifies triethyl citrate as an ingredient with known antibacterial and 
deodorant properties. Id. at 30 (citing Ex. 1057 ¶¶ 8–10, 27; Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 103–104). Petitioner further contends that triethyl citrate was known to 
prevent the degradation of liquid triglycerides, which are core components 
of Lesniak’s formulations. Id. at 30–31. 
Similar to arguments asserted in Ground 1, Patent Owner contends 
that “[a] POSA would have either recognized that Lesniak alone created a 
complete and efficacious deodorant stick with zinc oxide as an antimicrobial 
(Ground 1, Petition at 20-21), or that Lesniak’s zinc oxide was ineffective 
for deodorants and should include additional antimicrobials such as triethyl 
citrate (Ground 3, Petition at 29-31; Ex. 2011 at ¶ 110.)” PO Resp. 47. 
Patent Owner also reiterates that the fragility of Lesniak’s compositions 
would not have provided a reasonable expectation of success in making the 
modifications to arrive at the formulations of claims 15–16 and 18–19. Id. at 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
38 
 
47–48. Patent Owner also points to the different types of formulations for 
Lesniak and Anconi for a lack of reason to combine the teachings of these 
references with a reasonable expectation of success. Id. at 46. 
 
We have addressed these arguments previously in Ground 1 and found 
them similarly unpersuasive here. We credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s 
testimony supporting Petitioner’s positions set forth above. See Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 102–140. For example, we credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony 
concerning the inclusion of starch in Lesniak’s formulation with a 
reasonable expectation of success because starches such as 
tapioca/arrowroot had been successfully used in natural deodorants before. 
See Id. ¶ 109. We credit also Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony concerning 
the use of triethyl citrate in Lesniak’s formulation to improve the ability to 
combat odor, and that “[a] POSA further would have been motivated to 
include triethyl citrate in Lesniak’s deodorant compositions because . . . 
those compositions contain liquid triglyceride, and triethyl citrate was 
known to prevent the degradation of triglycerides in compositions for topical 
use.” Id. ¶ 114. 
Accordingly, having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of 
record, summarized above, we determine that a POSA would have been 
motivated to make the combination of Lesniak, Phinney, Bianchi ’254, and 
Anconi to arrive at the claimed inventions of claims 15, 16, 18, and 19 of the 
’752 patent with a reasonable expectation of success. Thus, we determine 
that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that these 
claims would have been obvious over the combination of Lesniak, Phinney, 
Bianchi ’254, and Anconi. 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
39 
 
4. Ground 4: Obviousness over Lesniak, Bianchi ’254, Phinney, 
Anconi, and Easy Homemade (Claim 17) 
Claim 17 depends from claim 15 and adds a requirement that the 
starch is arrowroot powder. Petitioner argues claim 17 would have been 
obvious by adding Easy Homemade to the combination of Lesniak, Bianchi 
’254, Phinney, and Anconi, discussed above. Pet. 35–38. Petitioner 
contends that Easy Homemade describes natural deodorant formulations 
specifically using magnesium hydroxide and arrowroot powder. Id. at 35. 
Petitioner argues Lesniak teaches starches generally, and Easy Homemade 
specifically highlights arrowroot powder for moisture absorption in natural 
deodorants. Id. at 36. Petitioner contends that a POSA would have looked 
to arrowroot for its known moisture-absorbing and thickening properties, 
making it an obvious alternative to the starches mentioned in Lesniak. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 142–144). 
First, Patent Owner contends that Petitioner has not sufficiently 
established that Easy Homemade is prior art printed publication. PO 
Resp. 50–51. We disagree and determine that Petitioner has shown by a 
preponderance of the evidence that Easy Homemade was publicly 
accessible. A reference is considered publicly accessible if it is “made 
available to the extent that persons interested and ordinarily skilled in the 
subject matter or art, exercising reasonable diligence, can locate it.” Jazz 
Pharms., Inc. v. Amneal Pharms., LLC, 895 F.3d 1347, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 
2018). To “determine whether an interested researcher would have been 
sufficiently capable of finding the reference and examining its contents,” we 
“must consider all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the 
disclosure.” In re Lister, 583 F.3d 1307, 1312 (Fed. Cir. 2009); see also In re 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
40 
 
Klopfenstein, 380 F.3d 1345, 1350 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (explaining that a 
determination of whether a reference qualifies as a printed publication 
“involves a case-by-case inquiry into the facts and circumstances 
surrounding the reference’s disclosure to members of the public”). 
Patent Owner’s main argument appears to be that Soap Deli News 
was not indexed. See PO Resp. 50–51. As Petitioner points out, 
however, such evidence is not necessarily required in all cases. Pet. Reply 
25 (citing Voter Verified, Inc. v. Premier Election Soln’s, 698 F.3d 1374, 
1380 (Fed. Cir. 2012)). Rather, absent evidence of indexing, testimony 
indicating that the particular online publication or website on which the 
reference was published was well-known to the community interested in 
subject matter of the reference, and that, upon accessing the website, those 
interested would have found the reference using the website’s own search 
functions can support the ultimate determination that a given reference was 
publicly accessible. Id. at 11–12 (citing Voter Verified, 698 F.3d at 1380–
81). To that point, Petitioner presents evidence from the Wayback Machine 
for the Easy Homemade Blogpost, see Ex. 1009, 1–2, in addition to three 
other Soap Deli News posts, see Exs. 1017–1019. Dr. Mishniak-
Kohn testifies “Easy Homemade was widely accessible, being part of a 
series of related ‘Soap Deli News’ articles dedicated to deodorant 
formulations with significant engagement from individuals 
globally.” Ex. 1002 ¶ 187 (citing Ex. 1009; Exs. 1016–
1018). Dr. Mishniak-Kohn also testifies that “a POSA would have 
appreciated that such websites from independent formulators striving for 
more natural options present an indication of consumer preferences, which a 
POSA would desire to meet in formulating new commercial products.” Id. 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
41 
 
We credit Dr. Mishniak-Kohn’s testimony here, and determine that Easy 
Homemade was publicly accessible and qualifies as a printed publication. 
Next, Patent Owner responds that a POSA would not have had a 
reason to modify Lesniak as Petitioner asserts Lesniak is “a complete 
deodorant stick” and “does not identify any deficiency in Lesniak that would 
have motivated a POSA to introduce arrowroot powder for ‘thickening and 
absorbing properties.’” PO Resp. 51. We have addressed these arguments 
previously in Ground 1 and found them similarly unpersuasive here. We 
also credit Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony supporting Petitioner’s positions 
set forth above. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 141–47. For example, we credit 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn’s testimony concerning the inclusion of arrowroot starch 
in Lesniak’s formulation with a reasonable expectation of success because 
starches such as arrowroot had been successfully used in natural deodorants 
before for its “well-known thickening and absorbing.” Id. ¶ 145 (citing 
Ex. 1068, 62; Ex. 1016, 5 (discussing “arrowroot powder to help keep you 
dry”)); see also Almirall, 28 F.4th at 273 (obvious to “substitute one known” 
option for another). Accordingly, we determine that Petitioner has shown by 
a preponderance of the evidence that claim 17 is rendered obvious by the 
combination of Lesniak, Bianchi ’254, Phinney, Anconi, and Easy 
Homemade. 
D. The Native Grounds (Grounds 5–8) 
Petitioner presents four grounds that rely on Native to teach the 
majority of the limitations of the asserted claims in Grounds 5 through 8. 
Pet. 38–63. For Ground 5, Petitioner asserts that claims 1 and 4–14 of the 
’752 patent would have been obvious over Native and Bianchi ’254. 
Pet. 38–50. For Ground 6, Petitioner asserts that claims 2–3 would have 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
42 
 
been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy Homemade. Pet. 50–54. 
For Ground 7, Petitioner asserts that claims 15 and 17–19 would have been 
obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, Anconi, and Stoia. 
Pet. 54–60. For Ground 8, Petitioner asserts that claim 16 would have been 
obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, Anconi, Stoia, and 
Millet. Pet. 60–63. To support its contentions, Petitioner provides detailed 
claims charts and/or discussion for each of these grounds explaining how 
each claim limitation is disclosed in the asserted references and how the 
claims recite deodorants formulated by combining well-known deodorant 
ingredients with obvious design choices. See Pet. 41–50 (Ground 5), 53–54 
(Ground 6), 57–60 (Ground 7), 63 (Ground 8). Petitioner further supports its 
assertions with the testimony of Dr. Michniak-Kohn. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 148–244. 
After considering all of the arguments and cited evidence of record, 
we determine that Petitioner has shown that the preponderance of the 
evidence supports the conclusion that claims 1–19 would have been obvious 
over Lesniak in combination with Bianchi ’254, Phinney, Anconi, and Easy 
Homemade. Our reasoning follows. 
1. Ground 5: Obviousness over Native and Bianchi ’254 
(Claims 1, 4–14) 
a) Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner contends that Native 
discloses features of deodorant stick compositions claimed in the 
’752 Patent; however, it does not expressly teach the percentage 
of each ingredient used, including the percentage of liquid 
triglyceride (carrier oil). Native also does not disclose the 
hardness of the deodorant stick. Bianchi ’254 describes 
antiperspirant stick compositions, which establish that the 
claimed concentrations of ingredients were conventional and that 
the claimed hardness range was standard. Accordingly, it would 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
43 
 
be obvious to formulate a deodorant stick such as the stick 
disclosed by Native using ingredient concentrations and 
hardnesses as taught by Bianchi ’254. 
Pet. 39 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 148–49). 
b) Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner provides four reasons why the combination of Native 
and Bianchi ’254 fails. First, Patent Owner asserts that Native’s deodorant 
stick was “a known leader in the field,” and Native discloses only positive 
reviews for Native’s deodorant stick. PO Resp. 24. Consequently, Patent 
Owner asserts, “[w]ith this level of consumer acceptance and praise, and no 
identified issues or concerns, there was simply no reason for a POSA to have 
sought to modify Native.” Id. at 52 (citing Ex.2011 ¶ 119). Any such 
modification, Patent Owner asserts, is impermissibly based on hindsight 
using the ’752 patent as a roadmap. Id. at 52, 60. 
Second, Patent Owner points to the differences in the Native’s 
aluminum-free product containing natural ingredients and Bianchi ’254’s 
formulation containing volatile silicon and aluminum. PO Resp. 53. Patent 
Owner concludes that a “POSA would not have been motivated to consider 
the teachings of Bianchi-254 in combination with Native, as Bianchi-254’s 
prominent use of non-natural ingredients and aluminum would defeat the 
core objective of Native to provide aluminum-free, natural deodorant 
products.” Id. (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 118). 
Third, Patent Owner contends that, “[j]ust like the Lesniak-based 
grounds, Petitioner fails to show its Native combinations disclose the 
hardness range required by all claims.” Id. Similar to its arguments 
rebutting the Lesniak-based grounds, Patent Owner argues that “Bianchi-
254’s hardness measurements result from use of a 100-g total load needle 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
44 
 
assembly, which is twice the total load used by the ’752 Patent’s needle 
assembly.” Id. at 54. 
Fourth, Patent Owner again points to the differences between the 
Native and Bianchi ’254 formulations concluding: 
The Petition does not explain what would have motivated a 
POSA to have implemented the weight-percentages from a non-
natural antiperspirant stick into the natural, aluminum-free stick 
of Native (if it is even possible), or what a POSA would have 
substituted for aluminum and volatile silicones in order to 
preserve the same weight percentages without the presence of 
the aluminum active and silicones. 
PO Resp. 54 (citing Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 119). 
c) Petitioner Reply 
Petitioner responds that it is not necessary that Native itself identify 
any deficiencies for a POSA to be motivated to modify it, and also points to 
Easy Homemade as providing explicit motivation to modify Native. See Pet. 
Reply 18 (citing KSR Int’l, 550 U.S. 398, 418–21). Petitioner also responds 
that the differences between the formulations of Native and Bianchi ’254 
would not prevent a POSA from combining the teachings because 
Native already achieved a silicone and aluminum-free deodorant 
stick, so a POSA therefore would not have to draw on Bianchi-
254’s teachings for those features. Ex. 1002, 69-72. Native 
further discloses the relative amounts of each ingredient in that 
stick. Id. Bianchi-254 simply provides a POSA with guidance 
on the quantitative amounts of those ingredients and preferred 
hardness. 
Pet. 20. Petitioner points out that the Specification of the ’752 patent in fact 
“incorporates references disclosing aluminum-containing antiperspirants for 
their disclosure of ‘suitable’ structurants, emulsifiers, antimicrobials, and 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
45 
 
other ingredients.” Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 1001, 16:16–19, 19:19–26; 
Ex. 1041; Ex. 1083; Ex. 1081, 46:22–52.22). 
d) Patent Owner Sur-reply 
Patent Owner reiterates that the differences in formulations between 
Native and Bianchi ’254 indicate a POSA would need to use impermissible 
hindsight to arrive at the claimed inventions. PO Sur-Reply 23–24. Patent 
Owner explains that “Petitioner ignores that Bianchi-254’s ‘guidance’ on the 
quantitative amounts of the ingredients in question is influenced and scaled 
by the presence of over 50% aluminum and silicone in Bianchi’s sticks.” Id. 
e) Discussion 
Petitioner asserts that Native’s natural, aluminum-free deodorant stick 
is comprised of the following ingredients—caprylic/capric triglyceride, 
baking soda, stearyl alcohol, hydrogenated castor oil, polyglycerol-3 
beeswax, and jojoba esters—although the percentage of each ingredient is 
not disclosed. See Pet. 41–50 (citing Ex. 1007, 5, 11).4 Dr. Michniak-Kohn 
testifies that “[i]n the absence of express teachings on these points, a POSA 
would have looked to other publications in the field with suitable examples.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 150. 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn notes that Native’s primary structurant is a fatty 
alcohol as in Bianchi ’254’s antiperspirant stick compositions. Ex. 1002 
¶ 151. Dr. Michniak-Kohn also notes that “Bianchi ’254 singles out stearyl 
alcohol as a ‘widely used’ structurant ‘of particular interest’ for deodorant.” 
Id. ¶¶ 72, 169 (citing Ex. 1008 ¶¶ 1, 58). Dr. Michniak-Kohn concludes that 
“[w]hen formulating a natural, aluminum-free deodorant stick based on the 
 
4 Dr. Michniak-Kohn notes that aluminum salts and synthetic fragrances are 
not included in Native’s composition. See Ex. 1002 ¶ 150. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
46 
 
composition in Native, a POSA would have looked at publications 
describing other stick compositions, like Bianchi ’254, for information 
regarding the amount of ingredients.” Id. ¶ 152. We credit Dr. Michniak-
Kohn’s testimony as consistent with the record evidence, and further find 
unpersuasive Dr. Lochhead’s testimony to the contrary. 
First, we note that Petitioner looks to the teachings of Bianchi ’254 to 
inform the appropriate amount for the ingredients described in Native, not to 
alter Native’s formulation. See Pet. 39 (stating “it would be obvious to 
formulate a deodorant stick such as the stick disclosed by Native using 
ingredient concentrations as taught by Bianchi ’254”). Therefore, Patent 
Owner’s argument that the praise for the Native product would not 
incentivize a POSA to change the Native formulation misses the mark. 
Petitioner does not seek to change Native’s formulation, but verify the 
amount of the listed ingredients. Id. In any event, as Petitioner notes, a 
reason to arrive at a claimed invention does not have to come from a 
particular identification of deficiencies in Native itself; as the Supreme 
Court noted in KSR such motivation may come from “any need or problem 
known in the field of endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the 
patent.” 550 U.S. at 420; Pet. Reply 18. 
As Petitioner notes, both Native and Bianchi ’254 are in the same 
field as the ’752 patent—personal care compositions, including deodorants 
and/or antiperspirants. Pet. 43 (citing Ex. 1001, Abstract, 1:10–2:57, 
9:65–10:4; Ex. 1007, 5–8, 11; Ex. 1008, Abstract, ¶¶ 10–21; Ex. 1002 
 ¶ 155). There is nothing in the record that we have found, nor has Patent 
Owner pointed us to any such evidence, to distinguish natural, aluminum-
free deodorants from antiperspirants containing aluminum in such a way that 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
47 
 
ingredients of one would not be used for the same purpose in the other. As 
the Supreme Court noted in KSR, “[t]he combination of familiar elements 
according to known methods is likely to be obvious when it does no more 
than yield predictable results.” 550 U.S. at 416. In fact, as Petitioner points 
out, the ’752 patent “incorporates references disclosing aluminum-
containing antiperspirants for their disclosure of ‘suitable’ structurants, 
emulsifiers, antimicrobials, and other ingredients.” Pet. at 21 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 16:16–19, 19:19–26; Ex. 1041; Ex. 1083; Ex. 1081, 46:22–52:22). 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn persuasively asserts on the record before us that 
when looking at particular ingredients of a formulation, a POSA would look 
to other references in the same field—personal care compositions, including 
deodorants and/or antiperspirants—to determine how much of each 
ingredient should be used. We are not persuaded by the testimony of 
Dr. Lochhead to the contrary. Dr. Lochhead testifies that: 
In my opinion, a POSA seeking to develop an aluminum-free and 
silicone-free deodorant stick would not have been motivated to 
implement the weight percentages disclosed in Bianchi-254, 
which describes and claims antiperspirant formulations 
containing about 50% or more by weight of aluminum and 
volatile silicones. The Petition does not mention Bianchi-254’s 
inclusion of these ingredients, despite its sole reason for 
combining Native and Bianchi-254 hinging on it: “In making a 
natural, aluminum-free deodorant stick composition, a POSA 
would have looked to existing compositions, such as Native” and 
would look at other “suitable examples” such as Bianchi-254, 
which “would have been of particular use for a POSA looking 
for percentages to use for Native’s formulation.” (Petition at 39-
40.) 
Bianchi-254 does not disclose a “natural, aluminum-free 
deodorant stick.” The Petition does not explain what would have 
motivated a POSA to have implemented the weight percentages 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
48 
 
from a non-natural antiperspirant stick into the natural, 
aluminum-free stick of Native, or what a POSA would have 
substituted for aluminum and volatile silicone in order to 
preserve the same weight percentages without the presence of the 
aluminum active and silicones. The Petition also does not explain 
how a POSA would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success in implementing Bianchi-254’s teachings while 
maintaining a stable composition. 
Ex. 2011 ¶¶ 128–129. 
 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn provides a convincing rationale for a POSA to 
look to Bianchi-254 for weight-percentages for the ingredients of Native 
even though Bianchi-254 is not a “natural” deodorant. Dr. Michniak-Kohn 
notes that Native’s primary structurant is stearyl alcohol, a fatty alcohol, and 
Bianchi ’254 “is a publication in the field which describes ‘fatty-alcohol 
containing antiperspirant stick compositions’ and methods related thereto.” 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 151 (citing Ex. 1008, Abstract, ¶¶ 10–12, 21). 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn further persuasively testifies that the combination 
of Native and Bianchi ’254 teaches the “at least 25% (or 40%) by weight 
liquid triglyceride” limitations. Dr. Michniak-Kohn states: 
Bianchi ’254 describes an antiperspirant stick with 40-80% oil. 
In Bianchi ’254, part of the oil carrier (20-40% of the total) is a 
natural oil such as a liquid triglyceride. Ex. 1008, ¶¶ [0017], 
[0050]. Bianchi ’254 also describes that the antiperspirant stick 
further comprised 20-40% of silicone oil. Id., ¶ [0016]. A POSA 
would have understood that silicone oil and liquid triglyceride 
both functioned as “carrier oils” that, among other things, 
solubilize and disperse other ingredients (id., ¶¶ [0015], [0023], 
cl. 17, 18), and therefore would have been motivated to use even 
more liquid triglyceride when formulating a natural deodorant 
stick (like in Native) that did not include, e.g., silicone oil, to 
meet what the ’752 Patent admits was an existing consumer 
preference (Ex. 1001, 1:10-24). 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
49 
 
Thus, in my opinion, a POSA would have been motivated to use 
from about 25% to 50% of a liquid triglyceride in a deodorant 
stick, and would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
doing so, inasmuch as (i) Bianchi ’254 already suggests the same 
with its 20-40% amount, (ii) a POSA would have, based on 
Bianchi ’254’s overall oil teachings, used even more of the liquid 
triglyceride when making a stick with only that oil carrier (as 
taught by Native). 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 178–179. We agree with this assessment of the combination of 
the teachings of Bianchi ’254 and Native. A POSA would have increased 
the amount of liquid triglyceride in Bianchi ’254 in the 40 to 80% range for 
the total amount of oil disclosed in Bianchi ’254 when applied to the Native 
formulation that is natural and does not contain any silicone oil to arrive at 
the at least 25% to 40% by weight liquid triglyceride. 
 
We also agree that this conclusion is supported by the overlapping 
ranges for oil disclosed in Bianchi ’254 and the challenged claims. See 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 180. Further, we agree with Dr. Michniak-Kohn that 
there was nothing critical or unexpected about the claimed range 
relative to Bianchi ’254’s ranges. As a POSA would have 
understood, the minor deviations in the ranges yield predictable 
variations in degree and do not produce a different kind of result. 
For example, using more liquid triglyceride generally yields a 
softer stick, merely changing the degree of hardness. 
Id. ¶ 180. Patent Owner offered no rebuttal to this assessment that changing 
the amount of liquid triglyceride is merely a variation in degree and not 
result. See KSR, 550 U.S. at 416 (stating “combination of familiar elements 
according to known methods is likely to be obvious when it does no more 
than yield predictable results”). 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
50 
 
 
We determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1–13 would have been obvious over Native and 
Bianchi ’254. 
2. Ground 6: Obviousness over Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy 
Homemade (Claims 2–3) 
Petitioner asserts that claims 2 and 3 would have been obvious over 
Native in view of Bianchi ’254 and Easy Homemade. Pet. 50–54. Petitioner 
relies on the explanation of how the limitation of claim 1 are met by the 
teachings of Native and Bianchi ’254, but notes that Native does not teach “a 
deodorant stick composition (1) substantially free of baking soda (Native’s 
antimicrobial); or (2) comprising antimicrobials with a water solubility of at 
most about 50 or 90 g/L at 25°C.” Pet. 50. Petitioner asserts that Native’s 
antimicrobial, baking soda, was known to cause skin irritation for some 
users, and Easy Homemade explains that magnesium hydroxide with a water 
solubility within the claimed range is an antimicrobial that works just as well 
as baking soda. Pet. 50–51 (citing Ex. 1009, 6, 9). 
Many of the issues raised by Patent Owner in response to Ground 6 
were also raised with regard to Grounds 4 and 5. For example, as in Ground 
4, Patent Owner challenges the public accessibility of Easy Homemade and 
whether Easy Homemade teaches the removal and substitution of baking 
soda. See PO Resp. 60. We rely on our analysis set forth in Grounds 4 and 
5 and provide the following additional analysis. 
 
Patent Owner asserts that Petitioner misreads Easy Homemade as 
teaching the removal and substitution of baking soda, but, 
Rather, the Easy Homemade hobbyist tells her followers to 
purchase a pre-made baking soda-free deodorant base—a base 
Petitioner’s expert could not identify the ingredients of—and add 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
51 
 
some magnesium hydroxide powder to it. As Petitioner’s expert 
confirms, Easy Homemade “doesn’t talk about removing any 
ingredients from these sticks; she’s talking about adding 
ingredients.” 
PO Resp. 60 (citing Ex. 1009, 7, Ex. 1012, 120:6–8, 121:1–9; Ex. 2011 
¶ 132). 
 
Petitioner responds that using prior art elements according to their 
established functions is obvious. Pet. Reply 21–22 (citing KSR, 550 U.S. at 
417; Intel Corp. v. PACT XPP Schweiz AG, 61 F.4th 1373, 1380-81 (Fed. 
Cir. 2023)). Therefore, Petitioner asserts that 
A known antimicrobial for deodorants, baking soda, caused 
irritation for some users, and another known antimicrobial for 
deodorants, magnesium hydroxide, ameliorated that issue when 
substituted for baking soda. ‘Nothing more is required to show 
a motivation to combine under KSR.’” 
Id. at 22 (citing Intel, 61 F.4th at 1381). We agree. 
 
Dr. Michniak-Kohn points to evidence that a POSA would have 
known that deodorants containing baking soda could cause skin irritation for 
some users and Easy Homemade confirms what POSA would have known—
namely, that magnesium hydroxide was a known substitute for baking soda 
that avoided skin irritation. Ex. 1002 ¶ 186 (citing Ex. 1009, 6, 9). 
Petitioner further notes that Easy Homemade expressly discusses 
substituting magnesium hydroxide for baking soda because Easy Homemade 
states that “baking soda can easily be swapped for magnesium hydroxide.” 
Reply 22 (citing Ex. 1009, 6, 9). We agree with Petitioner that “Easy 
Homemade just directs the POSA to substitute one known antimicrobial for 
another.” Id. 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
52 
 
 
Based on the full record before us, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 2 and 3 would have 
been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, and Easy Homemade. 
3. Ground 7: Obviousness over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy 
Homemade, Anconi, and Stoia (Claims 15, 17–19) 
Petitioner asserts that claims 15 and 17–19 would have been obvious 
over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, Anconi, and Stoia. Pet. 54–60. 
Petitioner states: 
While Native teaches a deodorant stick composition comprising 
an antimicrobial and various plant compounds, it does not teach 
a deodorant stick comprising (1) triethyl citrate; or (2) sunflower 
seed oil. But a POSA would have found it obvious to use these 
compounds in Native’s deodorant based on Anconi and Stoia. 
Pet. 54–55 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 196). 
 
Petitioner contends that Anconi teaches triethyl citrate as having 
antibacterial and deodorant properties, and that a POSA would have reason 
to use it instead of baking soda that may cause skin irritation with a 
reasonable expectation of success. Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1057 ¶ 27). Petitioner 
cites Stoia for teaching tocopherols that have antioxidant properties are 
abundant in sunflower seeds and that sunflower seed oil may be used as an 
emollient that a POSA would have been motivated to use for its “positive 
skin effects” with a reasonable expectation of success. Pet. 56 (citing 
Ex. 1058, 45; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 197–200). 
 
Similar to arguments raised in the Lesniak grounds, Patent Owner 
emphasizes the differences in the composition of Native and Anconi (Native 
is an anhydrous, wax-structured composition with a triglyceride-based 
carrier system, like Lesniak, but Anconi is an aqueous propylene glycol- 
and/or alcohol-based mixture solidified by sodium sterate) to support its 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
53 
 
argument that a POSA would not have reason to reformulate Native with 
teachings from a “different stick technology.” PO Resp. 63. 
 
We rely on our previous analysis for these issues, and determine that a 
POSA would have had reason to use triethyl citrate in lieu of or addition to 
the baking soda of Native, and also would have had reason to add sunflower 
seed oil for its antioxidant properties and positive skin effects. We find that 
these additions to the Native formulation to be merely a combination of 
familiar elements according to known methods that yield predictable results, 
and therefore, would have been obvious. See KSR, 550 U.S. at 416. 
Based on the full record before us, we determine that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 15 and 17–19 would 
have been obvious over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, Anconi, and 
Stoia. 
4. Ground 8: Obviousness over Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy 
Homemade, Anconi, Stoia, Millet (Claim 16) 
Petitioner asserts that claim 16 is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 
as obvious over the combination of Native, Bianchi ’254, Easy Homemade, 
Anconi, Stoia, and Millet. Claim 16 depends from claim 15 and further 
requires that the recited deodorant stick of claim 15 also include tapioca 
starch. Petitioner contends that Millet teaches starch as an “effective filler in 
deodorants capable of absorbing sweat and moisture and that tapioca starch 
is specifically preferable.” Pet. 60–61 (citing Ex. 1044, ¶¶ 38, 39, 42). 
Accordingly, Petitioner alleges it would have been obvious to use tapioca 
starch in the Native deodorant stick, as taught by Millet. Id. (citing Ex. 1002 
¶ 238). 
 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
54 
 
Patent Owner contends that “Petitioner has not identified any problem 
with Native that would have motivated a POSA to reformulate it” by 
substituting tapioca starch for Native’s arrowroot powder. PO Resp. 66–67. 
Patent Owner further contends that Petitioner’s reason for adding starch falls 
short because Native teaches the use of arrowroot powder, which serves the 
stated function of absorbing moisture and sweat. Id. (citing Ex. 2011 ¶ 147). 
Patent Owner also points to alleged instability issues as we addressed for the 
Lesniak grounds. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we agree with Petitioner’s position, which we adopt as 
our own. Pet. 60–63; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 238–44; see also Almirall, 28 F.4th at 273 
(obvious to “substitute one known” option for another). Accordingly, we 
determine that Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claim 16 is rendered obvious by the combination of Native, Bianchi ’254, 
Easy Homemade, Anconi, Stoia, and Millet. 
E. Squatch/Sturgis Ground (Ground 9 – Claims 15–19) 
Petitioner asserts that claims 15–19 of the ’752 Patent would have 
been obvious over Squatch and Sturgis. Pet. 67–72. Petitioner asserts that 
Sturgis is prior art because “claims 15–19 are not entitled to a priority date 
before the November 3, 2022, filing date” of the ’752 patent. Pet. 63. 
Petitioner also asserts that Squatch is a printed publication because it “is a 
website excerpt disclosing known aluminum-free deodorant formulations 
that comprise caprylic-capric triglyceride, arrowroot powder, stearyl alcohol, 
and magnesium hydroxide,” that “published on a well-known website, which 
received over 12.5 million views in November 2020.” Id. 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
55 
 
We agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner has not shown sufficiently 
that Squatch is a printed publication. As described above, Petitioner relies 
on Squatch as a “website excerpt” placed on its site at the relevant time, but 
has not produced a screen shot of the website to show that it ever existed. 
See Ex. 1059. Petitioner provides internal documents that purport to 
describe what would have been on Dr. Squatch’s website at the relevant 
time, but falls short of establishing what was on the website for the 
interested consumer to view. Thus, we determine that this ground fails. 
III. 
CONCLUSION5 
Based on the fully developed trial record, Petitioner has demonstrated 
by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–19 of the ’752 patent are 
unpatentable. 
 
5 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
56 
 
In summary: 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–13 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi 
’254 
1–13 
 
14 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi 
’254, Phinney 
14 
 
15,16, 18, 
19 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi 
’254, Phinney, 
Anconi 
15, 16, 18, 19 
 
17 
103 
Lesniak, Bianchi 
’254, Phinney, 
Anconi, Easy 
Homemade 
17 
 
1, 4–14 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254 
1, 4–14 
 
2–3 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254, Easy 
Homemade 
2–3 
 
15, 17–19 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254, Easy 
Homemade, 
Anconi, Stoia 
15, 17–19 
 
16 
103 
Native, Bianchi 
’254, Easy 
Homemade, 
Anconi, Stoia, 
Millet 
16 
 
15–19 
103 
Squatch and 
Sturgis 
 
15–19 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–19 
 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
57 
 
ORDERED that claims 1–19 of the ’752 patent have been shown to be 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to this proceeding seeking judicial review of our decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2024-01498 
Patent 11,844,752 B2 
58 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Justin Oliver 
Sarah Brooks 
VENABLE LLP 
joliver@venable.com 
ssbrooks@venable.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
David Maiorana 
Marlee Hartenstein 
Jesse Wynn 
JONES DAY 
dmaiorana@jonesday.com 
mhartenstein@jonesday.com 
jwynn@jonesday.com