--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 48 
571-272-7822 
Date: April 22, 2024 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
BLUEBIRD BIO, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
SLOAN KETTERING INSTITUTE FOR CANCER RESEARCH, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
 
 
Before SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, JAMES A. WORTH and 
CYNTHIA M. HARDMAN, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
SNEDDEN, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
DECISION 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6. We issue this Final Written 
Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73 in an inter 
partes review involving bluebird bio, Inc. (“Petitioner”) and Sloan Kettering 
Institute for Cancer Research (“Patent Owner”). Based on the record before 
us, we conclude that Petitioner has not demonstrated, by a preponderance of 
the evidence, that claims 1, 2, 5–8, 11, and 15 (the “Challenged Claims”) of 
U.S. Patent No. 8,058,061 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’061 patent”) are 
unpatentable. 
A. 
Background 
Petitioner filed a filed a Petition requesting an inter partes review of 
claims 1, 2, 5–8, 11, and 15 of the ’061 patent. Paper 1 (“Petition” or 
“Pet.”). Patent Owner filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 5. We instituted 
an inter partes review of all claims and all grounds asserted in the Petition 
on April 24, 2023. Paper 8. Following institution, Patent Owner filed a 
Response to the Petition (Paper 27, “PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to 
Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 35, “Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a 
Sur-reply (Paper 41, “Sur-reply”). 
On January 24, 2024, the parties presented arguments at an oral 
hearing. The transcript of the hearing has been entered into the record. 
Paper 46 (“Tr.”). 
B. 
Related Matters 
Petitioner and Patent Owner identify San Rocco Therapeutics, LLC v. 
bluebird bio, Inc., et al., No. 1-21-cv-01478 (D. Del.)1 as a related district 
 
1 Patent Owner captions this case “Errant Gene Therapeutics, LLC v. 
Bluebird Bio, Inc., 1-21-cv-01478, (D. Del. October 21, 2021).” Paper 4, 2. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
3 
court litigation. Pet. 2–3; Paper 4, 2–3. Patent Owner also identifies Errant 
Gene Therapeutics, LLC v. Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and 
Sloan Kettering Institute of Cancer Research, 1-21-cv-08206 (S.D.N.Y.) as 
a related litigation involving the ’061 patent. Paper 4, 3. 
The parties further identify IPR2023-00070, challenging certain 
claims of U.S. Patent No. 7,541,179 B2 (“the ’179 patent”), as a related 
matter. Pet. 2–3; Paper 4, 2–3. The ’061 patent issued from a divisional 
application of U.S. application number 10/188,22 (“the ’221 application”), 
which issued as the ’179 patent. Ex. 1001, code (62). 
C. 
The ’061 Patent 
The ’061 patent relates to a recombinant vector, e.g., a lentiviral 
vector, incorporating a functional globin gene and large portions of the β-
globin locus control region (“LCR”). Ex. 1001, 1:50–53. The Specification 
defines the “recombinant lentiviral vector” as “an artificially created 
polynucleotide vector assembled from a lentiviral-vector and a plurality of 
additional segments as a result of human intervention and manipulation.” Id. 
at 2:40–43. The Specification defines “functional globin gene” as “a 
nucleotide sequence the expression of which leads to a globin that does not 
produce a hemoglobinopathy phenotype, and which is effective to provide 
therapeutic benefits to an individual with a defective globin gene.” Id. at 
2:44–48. “The functional globin gene may encode a wild-type globin,” “a 
mutant form of globin,” “α-globin, β-globin, or γ-globin.” Id. at 2:48–56. 
The recombinant lentiviral vector is used as a gene therapy vector to provide 
“therapeutically meaningful levels of human globin for sustained periods of 
time.” Id. at 1:41–46. 
The Specification describes the recombinant vector as including 
“large portions of the locus control region (LCR) which include DNase I 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
4 
hypersensitive sites HS2, HS3 and HS4.” Id. at 2:57–59. The Specification 
defines “large portions” as “portions of the locus control region which 
encompass larger portions of the hypersensitive sites as opposed to 
previously tested fragments including only the core elements.” Id. at 2:63–
67. In a specific vector, designated TNS9, the LCR is 3.2 kilobases (“kb”) 
in size and “consists of an 840 [base pair (‘bp’)] HS2 fragment (SnaBI-
BstXI), a 1308 bp HS3 fragment (HindIII-BamHI) and a 1069 bp HS4 
fragment (BamHI-BanII).” Id. at 3:26–28. Figure 1, reproduced below, 
illustrates the TNS9 vector. 
 
Figure 1 illustrates the TNS9 vector with the exons represented by filled 
boxes and the introns represented by open boxes. Id. at 3:16–18. The TNS9 
vector includes, from the 5ʹ end to the 3ʹ end, a splice donor (SD), packaging 
region (Ψ), rev-response element (RRE), splice acceptor (SA), 3'-β-globin 
enhancer (E), β-globin gene, human β-globin promoter (P), and LCR 
(including HS2, HS3, and HS4). Id. at 3:18–21. The 5ʹ and 3ʹ ends include 
long terminal repeat (LTR) sequences. See id. at Fig. 1. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
5 
D. 
Illustrative Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1, 2, 5–8, 11, and 15 of the ’061 patent. 
Claims 1 and 11, set forth below, are the only independent claims and are 
illustrative of the claimed subject matter. 
1. An isolated mammalian hematopoietic progenitor cell or an 
isolated mammalian stem cell comprising a recombinant 
lentiviral vector which comprises a nucleic acid encoding a 
functional globin operably linked to a 3.2-kb nucleotide fragment 
which consists essentially of three contiguous nucleotide 
fragments obtainable from a human β-globin locus control region 
(LCR), the three fragments being a BstXI and SnaBI, HS2-
spanning nucleotide fragment of said LCR, a BamHI and 
HindIII, HS3-spanning nucleotide fragment of said LCR, and a 
BamHI and BanII, HS4-spanning nucleotide fragment of said 
LCR, said vector providing expression of the globin in a mammal 
in vivo. 
11. A method for making a mammalian hematopoietic progenitor 
cell or a mammalian stem cell composition which comprises 
 (a) preparing a recombinant lentiviral vector comprising a 
nucleic acid encoding a functional globin operably linked 
to a 3.2-kb nucleotide fragment which consists essentially 
of three contiguous nucleotide fragments obtainable from 
a human β-globin locus control region (LCR), the three 
fragments being a BstXI and SnaBI, HS2-spanning 
nucleotide fragment of said LCR, a BamHI and HindIII, 
HS3-spanning nucleotide fragment of said LCR, and a 
BamHI and BanII, HS4-spanning nucleotide fragment of 
said LCR, said vector providing expression of the globin 
in a mammal in vivo; and 
 (b) obtaining hematopoietic progenitor cells or stem cells from 
the mammalian individual, and transducing the cells with 
the recombinant vector. 
Ex. 1001, 11:56–67, 12:61–13:10. Dependent claim 2 recites the 
hematopoietic progenitor cell or stem cell of claim 1 being a human cell. Id. 
at 12:1–2. Claims 5–8 recite that the functional globin of claim 1 is a mutant 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
6 
globin (claim 5), wild-type globin (claim 6), β-globin (claim 7), and human 
β-globin (claim 8 depending from claim 7). Id. at 12:10–15, 55–56. Claim 
15 recites that the functional globin of claim 11 is human β-globin. Id. at 
14:7–8. 
E. 
Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 5–8, 11, and 15 are unpatentable on 
the following seven grounds: 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1, 2, 6, 7, 11 
102 
May Thesis3 
5 
103 
May Thesis, Himanen4 
1, 2, 6, 7, 11 
102 
May Article5,6 
1, 2, 6, 7, 11 
103 
May Article 
5 
103 
May Article, Himanen 
1, 2, 6–8, 11, 15 
103 
May Abstract7 
5 
103 
May Abstract, Himanen 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112–29, 125 
Stat. 284 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective March 16, 
2013. Because the application from which the ’061 patent issued has an 
effective filing date before that date, the pre-AIA version of §§ 102 and 103 
apply. 
3 May, Therapeutic Hemoglobin Synthesis in Beta-Thalassemic Mice 
Expressing Lentivirus-Encoded Human Beta-Globin, Cornell University 
(2001) (Ex. 1004, “May Thesis”). 
4 Himanen, et al., A Recombinant Sickle Hemoglobin Triple Mutant with 
Independent Inhibitory Effects on Polymerization, 271(41) J. BIOL. CHEM. 
25152–56 (1996) (Ex. 1047, “Himanen”). 
5 May, et al., Therapeutic Haemoglobin Synthesis in β-Thalassaemic Mice 
Expressing Lentivirus-Encoded Human β-globin, 406 NATURE 82–86 (2000) 
(Ex. 1005, “May Article”). 
6 In the Preliminary Response, Patent Owner refers to Exhibit 1005 as the 
“Nature Article.” See Prelim. Resp. 1. 
7 May, et al., Lentiviral-Mediated Transfer of the Human β-Globin Gene and 
Large Locus Control Region Elements Permit Sustained Production of 
Therapeutic Levels of β-Globin in Long-Term Bone Marrow Chimeras, 1(5) 
MOL. THERAPY S248–49 (2000) (Ex. 1006, “May Abstract”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
7 
Petitioner also relies upon the Declarations of Jörg Bungert, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 1002) and Ingrid Hsieh-Yee, Ph.D.8 (Ex. 1036). 
Patent Owner relies upon the Declarations of James Riley, Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2002, Ex. 2056); Michel Sadelain, M.D., Ph.D. (Ex. 2006); Chad May, 
Ph.D. (Ex. 2007); Stefano Rivella, Ph.D. (Ex. 2008); and Lucio Luzzatto, 
M.D., Ph.D. (Ex. 2009).9 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. 
Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
The level of skill in the art is a factual determination that provides a 
primary guarantee of objectivity in an obviousness analysis. Al-Site Corp. v. 
VSI Int’l Inc., 174 F.3d 1308, 1323 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (citing Graham v. John 
Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966); Ryko Mfg. Co. v. Nu-Star, Inc., 
950 F.2d 714, 718 (Fed. Cir. 1991)). 
Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) 
“at the time of the alleged invention would have had: (1) at least an 
advanced degree (e.g., a Master’s or Ph.D.) in biochemistry, biotechnology, 
protein chemistry, genetics, molecular and structural biology, 
bioengineering, or similar disciplines.” Pet. 18–19 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 14–
15). Petitioner further asserts that a POSA would have had “(2) several 
years of post-graduate training or related experience in one or more of these 
areas” and “(3) an understanding of vector design and the effect of LCR 
 
8 Petitioner relies on the declaration of Dr. Hsiey-Yee, a librarian, to address 
authenticity and public availability of the cited references. Ex. 1036 ¶ 16. 
9 Patent Owner relies on the declarations of Drs. Sadelain, May, Rivella, and 
Luzzatto to address inventorship and, in some instances, conception and 
reduction to practice allegations. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
8 
fragments on gene expression, including experience with how the LCR 
regulates gene expression.” Id. 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s description of the level of 
ordinary skill in the art. See PO Resp. Because Petitioner’s uncontested 
definition of one of ordinary skill in the art is reasonable and consistent with 
the ’061 patent and the prior art of record, we adopt Petitioner’s definition 
for purposes of this Decision. 
B. 
Claim Construction 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard that would be 
used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 
37 C.F.R. § 100(b) (2019). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally 
given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 
415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc) (quoting Vitronics Corp. 
v. Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1582 (Fed. Cir. 1996)). “In determining 
the meaning of the disputed claim limitation, we look principally to the 
intrinsic evidence of record, examining the claim language itself, the written 
description, and the prosecution history, if in evidence.” DePuy Spine, Inc. 
v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 469 F.3d 1005, 1014 (Fed. Cir. 2006) 
(citing Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312–17). 
Petitioner states that “that no term of the ’061 patent requires 
construction to resolve the challenges in this Petition.” Pet. 25 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 50–51) (footnote omitted). Patent Owner does not argue for any 
express claim constructions. See PO Resp. 
Based upon our review of the current record, we determine that no 
claim terms require express construction for purposes of this Decision. See 
Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
9 
1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (Only those terms that are in controversy need be 
construed, “and only to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.”). 
C. 
Grounds 1 and 2: Anticipation and Obviousness Based on the 
May Thesis 
Petitioner asserts that the May Thesis anticipates claims 1, 2, 6, 7, and 
11. Pet. 26–33. Petitioner asserts also that the combination of the May 
Thesis and Himanen renders obvious dependent claim 5. Id. at 33–34. 
Patent Owner contends that the May thesis does not qualify as prior art and 
further that “Petitioner’s Reply makes clear that Petitioner has effectively 
conceded” this ground. PO Resp. 1; Sur-reply 1. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, we 
determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of 
evidence that claims 1, 2, 6, 7, and 11 are anticipated by the May Thesis, or 
that the combination of the May Thesis and Himanen renders obvious 
dependent claim 5. 
1. 
May Thesis 
The May Thesis describes therapeutic hemoglobin synthesis in β-
thalassemic mice expressing lentivirus-encoded human beta-globin. Ex. 
1004, 3. The May Thesis discloses recombinant lentivirus vector TNS9. Id. 
at 74. The TNS9 vector is illustrated in Figure 4.01(b), reproduced below: 
 
Figure 4.01(b) illustrates the TNS9 vector with exons represented by 
filled boxes and introns represented by open boxes. Id. The TNS9 vector 
includes, from the 5ʹ end to the 3ʹ end, a splice donor (SD), packaging region 
(Ψ), rev-response element (RRE), splice acceptor (SA), 3'-β-globin enhancer 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
10 
(E), β-globin gene, human β-globin promoter (P), and LCR (including HS2, 
HS3, and HS4). Id. The 5ʹ and 3ʹ ends include long terminal repeat (LTR) 
sequences. See id. at Fig. 4.01(b). May Thesis discloses that the TNS9 LCR 
element (Fig. 4.01b) includes an 840 bp HS2 fragment (SnaBl-BstXI), a 
1308 bp HS3 fragment (HindUI-BamHI Banll), and a 1069 bp HS4 fragment 
(BamHI-Banll) to generate a 3.2 kb LCR element. Id. at 75. 
2. 
Himanen 
Himanen describes an effort to map important regions of sickle 
hemoglobin that are involved in forming polymer fibers causing sickle cell 
disease. Ex. 1047, 25152. “Sickle cell anemia results from a single point 
mutation in the gene encoding β-globin, whereby the Glu-6(β) residue in 
hemoglobin A (HbA) is substituted by Val in sickle hemoglobin (HbS).” Id. 
Himanen identified two additional mutation sites, Lys-95 and Leu-88, that 
are involved in gelling (polymerizing) polymer fibers. Id. 
To examine these sites, Himanen designed and tested recombinant 
hemoglobin “having both K95I(β) and L88A(β) in addition to the Val-6(β) 
mutation in order to measure whether the influence of the two substitutions 
on gelation is additive.” Id. Himanen discloses that the L88A and K95I 
mutations to sickle hemoglobin inhibit polymerization in a nonadditive 
manner. Id. at 25155. Accordingly, “[t]he results indicate that amino acid 
replacements at Leu-88(β) and Lys-95(β) act independently in inhibiting 
polymerization, i.e. certain sites can influence the overall prevention of 
polymerization to a greater extent than others.” Id. at 25156. 
3. 
Discussion 
Petitioner asserts that the May Thesis is dated May 2001 and “was 
also publicly available on ProQuest by at least November 26, 2001.” Pet. 19 
(citing Ex. 1004, cover; Ex. 1036 ¶¶ 1–26). 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
11 
We determine that Patent Owner has shown that the May Thesis 
represents the inventors’ own work, and thus the May Thesis is not prior art 
to the ’061 patent. PO Resp. 14–15. The May Thesis is authored by Chad 
May, who is a listed inventor of the ’061 patent. Id.; Ex. 1004, 3; Ex. 1001, 
code (75). Thus, the May Thesis represents the work of one of the ’061 
inventors and is therefore ineligible as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a) 
based on the July 1, 2002 priority date. See, e.g., In re Katz, 687 F.2d 450, 
454–455 (CCPA 1982) (a prior publication by inventors or a subset of the 
inventors does not qualify as prior art under 102(a)). 
With respect to 35 U.S.C. § 102(b), we find that the May Thesis is 
ineligible as prior art, even assuming that the Challenged Claims are not 
entitled to receive benefit of an earlier filing date. Petitioner provides 
evidence that the May Thesis was publicly available as of November 26, 
2001. Pet. 17 (citing Ex. 1036 ¶¶ 1–26; Ex. 1002 ¶ 60). Patent Owner does 
not dispute that evidence. Based on the undisputed November 26, 2001 
public availability date, the May Thesis represents a disclosure less than one 
year before the asserted effective filing date, i.e., July 1, 2002. Based on 
that timing and because the disclosure was made by the inventor, the May 
Thesis is not available as prior art to the Challenged Claims under 35 U.S.C. 
§102(b). 
Petitioner has not established that the May Thesis is prior art to claims 
1, 2, 6, 7, and 11. Consequently, Petitioner has not demonstrated by a 
preponderance of evidence that claims 1, 2, 6, 7, and 11 are unpatentable in 
view of the May Thesis, or that claim 5 is unpatentable in view of the May 
Thesis and Himanen. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
12 
D. 
Ground 3: Anticipation Based on the May Article 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 6, 7, and 11 are anticipated by the 
May Article. Pet. 35–45. Patent Owner raises multiple counterarguments. 
PO Resp. 37–40. Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of 
record, we determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a 
preponderance of evidence that claims 1, 2, 6, 7, and 11 are anticipated by 
the May Article. Our analysis follows. 
We first summarize aspects of the May Article, also referred to by 
Patent Owner as “the Nature Article.” Id. 
1. 
May Article 
The May Article describes therapeutic haemoglobin synthesis in β-
thalassemic mice expressing lentivirus-encoded human β-globin. Ex. 1005, 
82. The May Article describes constructing two recombinant lentiviruses 
carrying β-globin transcription units. Id. The lentiviruses include: (1) RNS1 
containing “a minimal LCR comprising previously tested core elements of 
HS2, HS3 and HS4,” and (2) TNS9 containing “large fragments 
encompassing HS2, HS3 and HS4.” Id. The TNS9 vector is shown in 
Figure 1b, reproduced below: 
 
Figure 1b illustrates the TNS9 vector with exons represented by filled 
boxes and introns represented by open boxes. Id. The TNS9 vector 
includes, from the 5ʹ end to the 3ʹ end, a splice donor (SD), packaging region 
(Ψ), rev-response element (RRE), splice acceptor (SA), 3'-β-globin enhancer 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
13 
(E), β-globin gene, human β-globin promoter (P), and LCR (including HS2, 
HS3, and HS4). Id. The 5ʹ and 3ʹ ends include long terminal repeat (LTR) 
sequences. See id. at Fig. 4.01(b). The May Article discloses that “TNS9 
was generated by replacing the core HS2 element of RNS1 with an 840-bp 
HS2 fragment, the core HS3 element with a 1,308-bp HS3 fragment, and the 
core HS4 element with a 1,069-bp HS4 fragment.” Id. 
2. 
Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner asserts that the May Article discloses each element of 
claims 1, 2, 6–7, and 11. See Pet. 35–45. Specifically, Petitioner asserts that 
the May Article discloses a recombinant vector, TNS9, including a nucleic 
acid encoding a β-globin gene, e.g., a human β-globin gene, operably linked 
to an LCR consisting of large segments, which are composed of three 
fragments (HS2, HS3, and HS4) that are adjacent, i.e., contiguous to each 
other. Id. at 35–36, 41 (citing Ex. 1005, 82–84). Petitioner asserts further 
that the May Article explains that the three fragments were “generated by 
replacing the core HS2 element . . . with an 840-bp HS2 fragment, the core 
HS3 element . . . with a 1,308-bp HS3 fragment, and the core HS4 element . 
. . with a 1,069-bp HS4 fragment.” Id. at 37 (citing Ex. 1005, 82) (emphasis 
omitted, alterations in original). Additionally, Petitioner asserts that the May 
Article discloses that the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments “sum up to 3217 bp, 
or roughly 3.2 kb.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 140). Petitioner also asserts that 
the May Article discloses that the vector “increased globin expression in 
vivo.” Id. at 41. 
Petitioner contends that the May Article “teaches the restriction sites 
bounding the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments as recited in claim 1” by: 
(a) disclosing the lengths of those fragments in the TNS9 vector as 840 bp, 
1308 bp, and 1069 bp; and (b) depicting the fragments on a “drawn to scale” 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
14 
map of the LCR with a comparison, in size and placement, to previously 
published fragments for the core elements of HS2, HS3, and HS4 in a RNS1 
vector. Id. at 37 (citing Ex. 1005, 82, Fig. 1(a); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 142–157). 
Petitioner asserts that “[b]y July 1, 2002, the entire map of the LCR region 
was available to a POSA in the GenBank database under accession numbers 
‘HUMHBB,’ ‘U01317,’ and ‘NG_000007.1.’” Id. at 38 (citing Ex. 1016, 
14903–05, Fig. 2; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 143–144). Petitioner notes that Patent Owner 
recognized the knowledge in the art at the time of the invention during 
prosecution. Id. at 38–39 (citing Ex. 1032, 301) (explaining that the 
sequences provided by the GenBank Accession numbers “are the reference 
sequences for the human β-globin region and are well known to those of 
skill in the art”). 
Additionally, Petitioner asserts that “by July 1, 2002, a finite number 
of restriction enzymes, including BstX1, SnaBI, BamHI, HindIII, and BanII, 
were available for sale through commercial sources.” Id. at 39 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶ 145).10 Petitioner asserts that the specific sequences that these 
restriction enzymes recognized were also known at the time of the invention. 
Id. According to Petitioner, a skilled artisan would “have been able to map 
 
10 We recognize that the ’061 patent was filed as a divisional application of 
the ’221 application filed on July 1, 2002, and thus Petitioner’s analysis is 
predicated on the ’061 patent not being entitled to its provisional priority 
claims. Because we determine that the May Article would not have rendered 
obvious any of the Challenge Claims even assuming a July 1, 2002 effective 
filing date, we need not address the issue of whether the ’221 application is 
entitled to claim priority to US provisional application 60/301,861, filed 
June 29, 2001, and US provisional application 60/302,852, filed on July 2, 
2001. For the purposes of this discussion, we assume that May Article, 
published July 6, 2000, is prior art to the ’061 patent under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(b) based on the July 1, 2002 filing date. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
15 
all of the possible restriction sites in the regions flanking the cores of HS2, 
HS3, and HS4.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 146–149). Petitioner contends that, 
based on the disclosures in the May Article regarding the size and location 
of TNS9’s HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments, “a POSA would have placed 
these fragments onto the restriction-site map of the LCR they would have 
had available at the time.” Id. at 39–40 (Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 149–151). Petitioner 
asserts that “[i]n doing so, a POSA would have identified only six possible 
combinations of restriction enzyme fragments, one of which is recited in 
claim 1.” Id. at 40 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 151–156). Thus, Petitioner contends 
that, based on the May Article disclosures, a POSA would have “‘at once 
envisage[d]’ a limited class of restriction fragments.” Id. (citing 
Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 1376, 1381–83 
(Fed. Cir. 2015) (“Thus, substantial evidence supports the Board’s 
conclusion that [the prior-art reference] effectively teaches 15 combinations, 
of which one anticipates pending claim 1.”)) (alteration in original). 
3. 
Patent Owner’s Response 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner has not met its burden to show 
that claims 1, 2, 6–7, and 11 are anticipated by the May Article. PO Resp. 
37–40. Patent Owner asserts that the May Article does not expressly or 
inherently disclose all of the elements of the challenged claims. Id. In 
particular, Patent Owner asserts that the May Article does not disclose the 
claimed restriction sites surrounding the hypersensitive sites—the “BstXI 
and SnaBI HS2-,” “BamHI and HindIII HS3-,” or “BamHI and BanII HS4-” 
spanning nucleotide fragments. Id. at 37–38. Patent Owner asserts that “the 
[May] Article does not even disclose the use of restriction enzymes at all,” 
and therefore “it cannot inherently disclose every possible restriction site 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
16 
surrounding the hyper-specific sites.” Id. at 39 (citing Ex. 2002 ¶¶ 105–117; 
Ex. 1005). 
4. 
Discussion 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, 
summarized above, we determine that the May Article fails to disclose the 
restriction sites surrounding the BstXI and SnaBI HS2-, BamHI and HindIII 
HS3-, or BamHI and BanII HS4-spanning nucleotide fragments, as required 
by the challenged claims. According to Petitioner, that limitation is 
inherently disclosed by the May Article’s description of the lengths of the 
HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments in the TNS9 vector and its depiction of those 
fragments on a map of the LCR. Pet. 28. To support its inherency 
argument, Petitioner relies on knowledge in the art, i.e., the availability of 
the entire map of the LCR region, and the availability of restriction enzymes, 
including BstX1, SnaBI, BamHI, HindIII, and BanII. Id. at 39–40 (citing 
Kennametal, 780 F.3d at 1381–83). Based on that combined information, 
Petitioner contends that a POSA would “have been able to map all of the 
possible restriction sites in the regions flanking the cores of HS2, HS3, and 
HS4.” Id. Petitioner asserts further that “[g]iven the May Article’s 
disclosure regarding the size and location of TNS9’s HS2, HS3, and HS4 
fragments, a POSA would have placed these fragments onto the restriction-
site map of the LCR” that was available at the time, and would have 
identified only six possible combinations of restriction enzyme fragments, 
including the one recited in claim 1. Id. 
Upon closer inspection, however, we appreciate from the testimony of 
Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Bungert, that the process involved in arriving at 
those six possible combinations is predicated on numerous assumptions 
guiding a number of exacting steps to be performed in order to achieve the 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
17 
claimed LCR fragment. According to Dr. Bungert, the process for making 
the claimed LCR fragment would have involved the steps of (a) placing 
fragments that are the disclosed size of the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments 
from the TNS9 vector in the May Article onto the known restriction-site 
map of the LCR; (b) comparing those fragments to the “‘drawn to scale’ 
map” in the May Article; and then (c) identifying various fragments and 
determining which ones are consistent with the May Article’s description 
and match up with the fragments on the May Article’s drawn to scale map. 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 143–156. 
To identify the fragments consistent with the May Article’s 
description, it was necessary for Dr. Bungert to use certain assumptions that 
exclude unfavorable enzymes, such as using a range of ± 20 bp in order to 
identify fragments with lengths that are within 20 bp of the fragments 
reported in the May Article. Id. In view of the number of assumptions and 
steps required to get from what is disclosed in the May Article to arrive at 
the alleged “six possible LCRs (i.e., combination of HS2, HS3, and HS4 
fragments based on the TNS9 LCR disclosed in the May Article)—including 
the LCR recited in claim 1,” Ex. 1002 ¶ 156, we do not find that Petitioner 
has demonstrated that fragments having the restriction sites recited in claim 
1 would have been “at once envisaged” by a skilled artisan as argued by 
Petitioner. Pet. 39–40. 
Moreover, as is further discussed below in the context of Petitioner’s 
obviousness challenge over the May Article, we find merit in Patent 
Owner’s argument that “a POSA at the time would understand such 
fragments could be made in multiple different ways, including through 
amplification by polymerase chain reactions [‘PCRs’], cutting from genomic 
DNAs using restriction enzymes, or otherwise.” PO Resp. 38 (citing 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
18 
Ex. 2002 ¶¶ 89, 106–115). Thus, Petitioner’s assertion that a skilled artisan 
would have immediately envisaged fragments having the restriction sites in 
claim 1 is further undermined because there would have been more than one 
method of making the fragments disclosed in the May Article, one of which 
did not involve using restriction enzymes. 
Accordingly, for at least the foregoing reasons, we determine that 
Petitioner has not established by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 
1, 2, 6, 7, and 11 are anticipated by the May Article. 
E. 
Grounds 4 and 5: Obviousness Based on the May Article 
As an alternative to Ground 3, Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 6, 7, 
and 11 are rendered unpatentable as obvious over the May Article. Pet. 45–
48. Specifically, Petitioner contends that the May Article discloses all of the 
limitations of independent claims 1 and 11 and dependent claims 2 and 6–7, 
“[h]owever, to the extent that the May Article is found not to disclose [the 
BstXI and SnaBI HS2-, BamHI and HindIII HS3-, or BamHI and BanII 
HS4- spanning nucleotide fragments limitation], that limitation nonetheless 
would have been obvious in view of the teachings of May Article and the 
knowledge of a POSA at the time of the alleged invention.” Id. at 45. 
Additionally, Petitioner asserts that claim 5 is rendered obvious by the 
combination of the May Article and Himanen. Id. at 48–49. 
Patent Owner raises multiple counterarguments, which we find 
credible and supported by the evidence of record. PO Resp. 40–52. Thus, 
having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, we 
determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of 
evidence that claims 1, 2, 5–7, and 11 would have been obvious over the 
May Article or the combination of the May Article and Himanen. Our 
analysis follows. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
19 
1. 
Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner asserts that, to the extent the May Article is not considered 
to disclose “the three fragments being a BstXI and SnaBI, HS2-spanning 
nucleotide fragment of said LCR, a BamHI and HindIII, HS3-spanning 
nucleotide fragment of said LCR, and a BamHI and BanII, HS4-spanning 
nucleotide fragment of said LCR,” as recited by claim 1, “that limitation 
nonetheless would have been obvious in view of the teachings of the May 
Article and the knowledge of a POSA at the time of the alleged invention.” 
Pet. 45. Petitioner relies on the same disclosures discussed for the 
anticipation challenge and asserts that a POSA would have similarly “used 
the disclosures in the May Article regarding TNS9’s LCR, especially given 
the general knowledge of the map of the LCR to identify the claimed 
restriction sites, and narrowed the options to a finite list of possibilities for 
HS2, HS3, and HS4.” Id. at 46. 
Petitioner asserts that a skilled artisan would have had a good reason 
to make the TNS9 vector disclosed in the May Article based on the findings 
therein that “the larger LCR fragments . . . increased globin expression in 
vivo and, furthermore, suggested that TNS9 is more resistant to 
transcriptional silencing.” Id. at 47 (quoting Ex. 1005, 84; citing Ex. 1002 
¶ 193). Petitioner contends that a POSA would have reasonably expected 
that combining the teachings of the May Article with known elements in the 
field would have achieved the claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments “given 
the accessibility of the LCR map and the known commercially available 
restriction enzymes.” Id. at 48 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 195). Moreover, 
Petitioner asserts that a POSA would have reasonably expected to succeed in 
making a recombinant vector with the claimed fragments as the method for 
doing so was well-known. Id. (citing Ex. 1018, 6; Ex. 1002 ¶ 195). 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
20 
Further to that point, Dr. Bungert testifies how a skilled artisan would 
have used the known restriction-site LCR map as a tool for engineering the 
vector disclosed by the May Article. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 143–156. Dr. Bungert 
explains a detailed process for how “a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have envisaged only six possible LCRs (i.e., combination of HS2, 
HS3, and HS4 fragments based on the TNS9 LCR disclosed in the May 
Article)—including the LCR recited in claim 1.” Id. ¶ 156. 
2. 
Patent Owner’s Contentions 
Patent Owner contends that Dr. Bungert’s proposed step-wise process 
for the selection of restriction enzymes is hindsight-driven and ignores 
certain complications that a POSA would have had to overcome to arrive at 
the exact combination of the BstXI and SnaBI HS2-, BamHI and HindIII 
HS3-, or BamHI and BanII HS4- spanning nucleotide fragment recited by 
the claims. PO Resp. 40–52. First, Patent Owner criticizes Petitioner’s 
assertion that a skilled artisan would have necessarily used a genomic map 
of the LCR in combination with restriction enzymes to map the possible 
restriction sites for HS2, HS3, and HS4 by arguing that “PCR would have 
been a viable method[, if not a preferred method], for a POSA to clone the 
claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments (instead of cutting from genomic 
DNAs using restriction enzymes).” Id. at 40–41 (citing Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 44–52, 
136–144). More specifically, Patent Owner contends that a 
POSA would have known that PCR can be used to join DNA 
fragments using a technique called splicing by overlap extension 
(“SOE”). (Ex. 2068 at 39–40; Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 49, 144.) As Dr. Riley 
explains, Dr. Bungert’s reasons for avoiding PCR when cloning 
the LCR fragments, are inconsistent and contradicted by the 
knowledge of a POSA. (Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 139–44.) Even Dr. Bungert 
routinely used PCR when cloning LCR and other fragments. 
(See, e.g., Ex. 2052, 2054; Ex. 2064 at 3063.) 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
21 
PO Resp. 41; see also Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 44–52, 136–144 (Dr. Riley opining that, 
at the time of the invention, PCR was a preferred method for cloning DNA 
fragments with many advantages over the conventional techniques of 
recombinant DNA technology that rely on restriction enzymes); compare 
Ex. 2055, 26:25–27:10 (Dr. Bungert testifying that “a POSA . . . would have 
excluded using PCR to generate an LCR fragment that drives high ß-globin 
expression”). Moreover, Patent Owner contends that, 
[T]he Nature Article, along with the state of the art, would have 
taught away from the use of restriction enzymes. As even Dr. 
Bungert recognized in his declaration and confirmed at 
deposition, after comparing the known restriction enzymes 
against the entire map of the LCR region that was available at 
that time, a POSA would have recognized that there were no 
combinations of restriction enzymes that can provide the 
claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 LCR fragments with the actual 
fragment size (i.e., 840 bp for HS2, 1308 bp for HS3, and 1069 
bp for HS4, respectively) disclosed in the Nature Article. (See, 
e.g., Ex. 2055 at 155:4–155:8.) This clear obstacle should have 
been the end of the decision tree process, foreclosing a POSA 
from choosing a path of cloning the claimed fragments using 
restriction enzymes, especially since other methods of cloning, 
i.e., PCR technology, were just as routine, available, and more 
efficient . . . . 
PO Resp. 41–42. 
Additionally, Patent Owner contends that the absence of any 
identifiable combinations of restriction enzymes to produce the claimed 
HS2, HS3, and HS4 LCR fragments is the reason “that Dr. Bungert had to 
arbitrarily apply a size variability of +/- 20 bp to the fragment sizes, without 
citing to any scientific authority to support this number.” Id. at 43 (citing 
Ex. 2055, 214:20–215:6). Additionally, Patent Owner explains that 
Dr. Bungert stated at his deposition that he was able to find a 
fragment within +/- 15 bp, but that he then used a +/- 20 bp size 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
22 
variation to be “conservative.” (Ex. 2055 at 214:6-8.) However, 
the +/- 15 bp does not cover the “BstXI and SnaBI HS2-spanning 
fragment” recited in claims 1 and 11 of the ’061 patent, because 
the actual fragment size of the BstXI and SnaBI HS2-spanning 
fragment is 857 bp, which is 17 bp larger than 840 bp disclosed 
by the Nature Article. In order to ensure that the claimed BstXI 
and SnaBI HS2-spanning fragment with a 17 bp size variation 
would fit within his analysis, Dr. Bungert arbitrarily added 
another 5 bp to this size variation without any scientific basis 
other than his necessity to try to get his numbers to work. In fact, 
Dr. Bungert further admitted at deposition that he could not 
provide any reasonable explanation as to why a POSA would not 
instead use a +/- 21 bp or +/- 22 bp size variation, although he 
admitted a fragment within a +/- 21 bp or +/- 22 bp size variation 
“will likely not create a difference.” 
Id. at 43 (citing Ex. 2055, 232:16–18.) 
Patent Owner also contends that Dr. Bungert’s method for arriving at 
the claimed restriction enzyme nucleotide fragments relies on a set of 
conditions he created but was unable to follow to achieve the recited set of 
enzymes. Id. at 44–45. Specifically, Patent Owner contends that, according 
to his own criteria, Dr. Bungert “should have excluded enzymes that cleave 
the LCR too frequently; however, for HS4 he still used BanII (an enzyme 
recited in claim 1 or 11 of the ’061 patent), which cuts HS4 internally 4 
times.” Id. at 45 (citing Ex. 2056 ¶ 165 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 115)). 
Patent Owner notes that Dr. Bungert stated that “a POSA would prefer 
restriction enzymes that generate sticky ends and would prefer not to use 
those that generate blunt ends (Ex. 2055 at 59:11–16), but for HS2 he still 
used SnaBI – a blunt end cutter that is recited in claim 1 or 11 of the ’061 
patent.” Id. (citing Ex. 2055, 241:10–21). Patent Owner notes that 
Dr. Bungert stated that 
a [POSA] would prefer not to use restriction enzymes like BglI, 
which have undefined nucleotides as part of their recognition 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
23 
sequence 
(the 
recognition 
sequence 
for 
BglI 
is 
GCCNNNNNGGC, where N can be any nucleotide). (Ex. 2055 
at 124-126). But the restriction enzyme BstXI recited in claim 1 
of 
the 
’179 
patent 
has 
a 
recognition 
sequence—
CCANNNNNNTGG—with undefined nucleotides that a POSA, 
according to Dr. Bungert, would purportedly prefer not to use. 
(Ex. 2056 at ¶167.) 
Id.11 Thus, according to Patent Owner, “[t]hat claim 1 recites three 
restriction enzymes (BanII, SnaBI, and BstXI) that Dr. Bungert states a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have excluded or avoided is a clear 
demonstration of the use of hindsight knowledge.” Id. 
Patent Owner contends that Dr. Bungert’s approach is “fundamentally 
flawed” additionally because he “omitted many commercially available 
enzymes that could be used to generate HS fragments meeting the size and 
relative position requirements when using his +/- 20 bp variability analysis.” 
Id. at 46. Specifically, 
for HS2, Dr. Bungert omitted at least the MaeII, TaiI, SacI, 
EcoICRI, EarI, and BpmI restriction enzymes, for HS3, he 
omitted the BlpI, Bpu10I, XmnI, BsgI, and StyI restriction 
enzymes, and for HS4, he omitted the BsgI, AclWI, and PstI 
restriction enzymes. 
Id. (citing Ex. 2056 ¶ 168). Considering these additional enzymes, Dr. Riley 
was able to find “at least 9 HS2 fragments . . . meet[ing] the requirements of 
fragment size (840 +/- 20 bp) and relative position with respect to RNS1 
HS2 core element,” “at least 6 HS3 fragments . . . meet[ing] the 
requirements of fragment size (1308 +/- 20 bp) and relative position with 
respect to RNS1 HS3 core element,” and “at least 10 HS4 fragments . . . 
meet[ing] the requirements of fragment size (1069 +/- 20 bp) and relative 
 
11 We understand this argument to apply equally to independent claims 1 and 
11 of the ’061 patent. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
24 
position with respect to RNS1 HS4 core element.” Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 171–174; 
see also PO Resp. 47–52 (summarizing Dr. Riley’s analysis). Thus, “Dr. 
Riley calculates the number of possible fragment combinations to be at least 
540.” PO Resp. 46 (citing Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 139–175, 183–188). 
3. 
Petitioner’s Reply 
Petitioner contends that the May Article is silent as to whether the 
disclosed construct was made using PCR or restriction enzymes, and 
therefore cannot teach away from the use of restriction enzymes. Reply 12–
14; see also id. at 13 (“Dr. Riley confirmed a POSA ‘could make [that 
vector] either using PCR or with restriction enzymes.’” (alteration in 
original)) (citing Ex. 1052, 78:20–23, 67:13–20; Pet. 30–32; Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 116–117). 
Petitioner contends that Dr. Bungert’s opinion that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would allow for +/- 20bp when analyzing the 
fragment lengths reported in the May Article does not reflect a “hindsight-
based approach,” but rather reflects the need for “minor changes in fragment 
length” to accurately achieve the “reported lengths.” Id. at 15 (citing PO 
Resp. 46–47; Ex. 1002 ¶ 152). Petitioner further contends: 
As Dr. Bungert explained, a POSA attempting to make the vector 
described in the May Article would not have encountered 
fragments that either matched the exact reported lengths, or that 
were present within +/-5bp or +/-10bp. (Ex. 2055, 128:24–
129:8, 131:12–132:8, 138:5–23, 233:8–234:2; Ex. 1002, ¶113.) 
Because a POSA would have been able to identify a fragment 
within +/-15bp, Dr. Bungert then allowed for an additional +/-
5bp (for a total of +/-20bp) to mimic the POSA’s “conservative” 
approach in assessing fragment lengths reported in the prior art. 
(Ex. 2055, 133:8–14, 136:5–11, 138:20–25, 169:5–13.) As such, 
a POSA analyzing the May Article, unless directed to more 
precise restriction sites, would have used +/-20bp based on the 
known variability in reported fragment lengths. (Ex. 2055, 128:4 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
25 
129:8 (explaining possibility of “slightly different numbers from 
the same restriction fragments”); id., 130:5–19, 131:22–132:8, 
135:15–136:4, 138:5–23, 227:6–228:9, 233:4–234:2, 236:15–
19, 237:21–238:9.) 
Id. at 15–16. 
Regarding Dr. Bungert’s restriction enzyme selection criteria, 
Petitioner contends that Patent Owner ignores why certain exceptions were 
applied. Id. at 17–18. For example, Patent Owner contends that 
“Dr. Bungert should not have used BanII because it ‘cuts HS4 internally 4 
times,’”12 but Dr. Bungert “explained that a POSA would have used BanII 
(as well as SacI) because of the lack of other options for the HS4 fragment.” 
Id. at 17 (citing Ex. 2055, 157:24–158:19, 154:3–155:8; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 36–37, 
106, 115–116, 131). 
In reply to Patent Owner’s contention that “Dr. Bungert should not 
have used SnaBI because it is a ‘blunt end cutter’ ([PO Resp.] 45),”13 
Petitioner asserts that Dr. Bungert explained that a POSA would not have 
excluded blunt end cutters, and that SnaBI produces a fragment within 20 bp 
of the length disclosed in the May Article and is consistent with the location 
of the HS2 fragment on the May Article’s “drawn to scale” map. Id. at 17–
18 (citing Ex. 2055, 30:24–31:24, 240:15–241:21; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 36–37, 145, 
154–155, 192). 
 
12 Patent Owner made this argument with reference to Dr. Bungert’s 
assertion that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have excluded 
enzymes that cleave the LCR too frequently. See Ex. 1002 ¶ 149 (“a person 
of ordinary skill in the art would have excluded those restriction enzymes 
that . . . cleave the LCR too frequently, which would prevent one from 
generating fragments of sufficient length”); Ex. 2056 ¶ 174. 
13 Patent Owner made this argument with reference to Dr. Bungert’s 
preference to avoid enzymes that generate blunt ends. Ex. 2055, 59:11–16. 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
26 
Petitioner contends that Patent Owner “is incorrect that Dr. Bungert 
excluded restriction enzymes that have ‘undefined nucleotides as part of 
their recognition sequence’ like BglI and BstXI.” Id. at 18 (citing PO Resp. 
45–4614). Rather, Dr. Bungert explain that “a POSA would have considered 
these types of restriction enzymes (Ex. 2055, 126:2–19), and BglI does not 
appear in the analysis only because it does not allow for a HS fragment 
described in the May Article.” Id. 
Petitioner also asserts that Patent Owner is incorrect that Dr. Bungert 
“omitted many commercially available enzymes,” and provides a summary 
of Dr. Bungert’s rationale for omitting certain enzymes. Id. at 18–24 
(quoting PO Resp. 46). For example, Petitioner explains that, with regard to 
the HS4 fragment, Dr. Bungert “omitted ‘BsgI, AclWI,’ [because] both 
‘cleave the DNA outside the restriction site,’ as Dr. Riley admitted.” Id. at 
18 (citing Ex. 1052, 154:20–155:4, 155:23–156:4; Ex. 1026, 4; Ex. 2055, 
48:13–25, 53:10–12, 54:9–14). For the HS2 fragment, Petitioner responds 
to the alleged omission of SacI by noting that a SnaBI-SacI fragment is 819-
bp, which is outside of the applied +/-20 bp range. Id. at 21. Regarding the 
alleged omission of MaeII, TaiI, and EcoICRI for the HS2 fragment, 
Petitioner contends 
MaeII and TaiI cut in the same location as SnaBI, and EcoICRI 
cuts in the same location as SacI. (Ex.1026, 8–10 (referring to 
the enzymes SRT identified as “isoschizomers”); Ex.1002, 
¶¶113–114.) Dr. Bungert’s inclusion of SnaBI and SacI in his 
analysis (Ex.1002, ¶¶113-14) therefore provide the same 
fragments as those [Patent Owner] alleges he omitted . . . . 
 
14 Patent Owner made this argument with reference to Dr. Bungert’s 
preference to avoid restriction enzymes that have undefined nucleotides as 
part of their recognition sequence. Ex. 2055, 124:20–126:9 (“I would not 
prefer that but I would consider it”). 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
27 
Id. at 22. 
Petitioner concludes that, after removing fragments identified by 
Patent Owner and Dr. Riley “that are duplicates, cut outside the restriction 
site, or are too large,” as explained by Dr. Bungert, Patent Owner’s proposed 
540 combinations is “reduced to only 8 combinations (i.e., 1 HS2 x 4 HS3 x 
2 HS4).” Id. at 23 (citing PO Resp. 51); Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 164–188 (Dr. Riley’s 
analysis concluding that “there should be at least 540 possible combinations 
of restriction enzymes for HS2, HS3, and HS4”). 
4. 
Patent Owner’s Sur-reply 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Bungert’s analysis “relies on Fig. 1a in 
the Nature Article as a precision guide and [is a] hindsight-driven approach.” 
Sur-reply 13. Patent Owner notes that at the time of the invention “a POSA 
would have recognized that there were no combinations of restriction 
enzymes that can provide the claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 LCR fragments 
with the actual fragment size (i.e., 840 bp for HS2, 1308 bp for HS3, and 
1069 bp for HS4, respectively) disclosed in the Nature Article.” Id. at 12. 
Further, Patent Owner argues that “Petitioner refused to consider PCR—a 
widely used, routine, and more efficient cloning technique that provides 
significant flexibility to clone HS fragments of a desired size and/or 
incorporate desired flanking restriction sites.” Id. at 12–13 (citing Ex. 2056 
¶ 32; PO Resp. 42). 
Patent Owner argues that Dr. Bungert’s use of the May Article as “a 
precision guide is misplaced.” Id. at 13. Patent Owner notes that one 
inventor, Dr. Sadelain, explained “Fig. 1a [of the May Article] is a cartoon 
merely to show proportionality between the HS fragments of the RNS1 
vector and those of the TNS9 vector.” Id. Patent Owner argues that 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
28 
Dr. Riley also explained that Fig. 1a is only a “cartoon” and “due 
to the substantial size discrepancies of over 200 bp in Fig. la, a 
POSA would at best view Fig. 1a as provid[ing] a . . . rough 
guideline” (emphasis added). (Ex. 1052, 143:3–4, 9–13). 
Petitioner cannot deny that it is not reasonable to use a cartoon 
as depicted in Fig. 1a that has “substantial size discrepancies of 
over 200 bp” to identify HS fragments within ± 20 bp – an 
unsupported, arbitrary size variability set by Dr. Bungert. 
Id. at 14. Patent Owner further contends that 
In an attempt to reduce the hundreds of possible 
combinations of HS fragments identified by Dr. Riley, Petitioner 
simply eliminated the possible HS fragments having restriction 
sites that have undefined nucleotides as part of their recognition 
sequence, cut outside the recognition site, or cut frequently 
unless such an enzyme is recited in the claims. (Reply, 20–23). 
Clearly, Dr. Bungert’s arbitrary application of his own criteria to 
arrive at the claimed invention is hindsight-driven. 
Id. at 16; see also id. at 14 (“Petitioner arbitrarily awards itself some leeway, 
± 20 bp, to the sizes disclosed in the Nature Article—just enough to cover 
through hindsight the 17 bp size discrepancy of the claimed the HS2 
fragment.”). 
Patent Owner contends that while 
Dr. Riley[] conclusively showed in Opposition that the Nature 
Article would have presented the POSA with upwards of 560 
combinations of restriction enzyme choices, Petitioner attempts 
to pare down these options without supporting their attorney 
arguments with a declaration by their scientific expert, 
Dr. Bungert. 
Id. at 17. Patent Owner further contends 
Petitioner[’]s unsupported analysis of the HS fragments 
identified by Dr. Riley, in addition to eliminating HS fragments 
by arbitrarily excluding restriction enzymes, also makes 
numerous errors. For HS2 fragments, Petitioner is incorrect that 
“SnaBI-SacI is 819-bp.” (Reply, 21). SnaBI cleaves at position 
804, and SacI cleaves at position 1631, resulting in a fragment of 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
29 
828 bp, which is within ± 20 bp size variability as applied. 
(Ex. 2056, Appendix C, 177, see, e.g., combination No. 241). 
Id. at 20; see also id. at 20–23 (Patent Owner summarizing additional 
asserted errors resulting in the exclusion of certain enzymes). 
Patent Owner contends that “Petitioner is incorrect that ‘MaeII and 
TaiI cut in the same location as SnaBI, and EcoICRI cuts in the same 
location as SacI’ by incorrectly assuming that isoschizomers must cut in the 
same location.” Id. at 20. For example, Patent Owner contends that the 
MaeII cut location is A↓CGT, whereas the SnaBI cut location is TAC↓GTA. 
Id. at 20–21 (citing Ex. 1026, 8, 10). As such, “[b]ecause these restriction 
enzymes cut in different locations, the resulting fragments do not have 
identical fragment lengths as asserted by Petitioner.” Id. at 21. 
5. 
Discussion 
Based on our consideration of the entire record, we determine that 
Petitioner has failed to show by a preponderance of the evidence that the 
Challenged Claims are rendered obvious by the May Article. While we 
appreciate that the May Article discloses an LCR construct that drives ß-
globin expression, we find that the May Article lacks sufficient detail to 
teach or suggest the very specific LCR fragment encompassed by the 
Challenged Claims, specifically, the LCR fragment comprising the recited 
BstXI and SnaBI H52-spanning nucleotide fragment, BamHI and HindIII 
H53-spanning nucleotide fragment, BamHI and BanII H54-spanning 
nucleotide fragment. 
To begin, it is undisputed that the May Article does not disclose 
whether its LCR fragment was made using PCR or restriction enzymes. 
Further, while we agree with Petitioner that the May Article does not teach 
away from the use restriction enzymes to make the May Article fragment, 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
30 
we note also the lack of any teaching in the May Article directing a person 
of ordinary skill in the art towards the use of restriction enzymes or, 
likewise, away from the use of PCR as a method of manufacture. Pet. 30 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 106). As Petitioner acknowledges, the May Article is 
silent on whether the disclosed LCR fragment was made using PCR or 
restriction enzymes. Reply 13. 
The record demonstrates that a person of ordinary skill in the art may 
have used PCR as a possible method of manufacture. This created numerous 
pathways for achieving an LCR fragment matching the disclosure of the 
May Article, which is not sufficiently accounted for in the Petition or in Dr. 
Bungert’s analysis. We credit the testimony of Dr. Riley and other evidence 
of record that PCR would have been a viable approach to make the LCR 
fragment disclosed by the May Article. Ex. 2056 ¶¶ 44–52, 119 (“multiple 
methods of manufacture of each fragment could be used, including through 
PCR”), 136–144, 209–212; Ex. 2068, 9–10, 34. For example, 
As Newton & Graham (1997) confirms, “[b]y virtue of the speed, 
sensitivity, specificity, and inherent simplicity of the PCR, it has 
become the method of choice for the above applications in most 
laboratories,” which includes cloning. (Ex. 2068 at 9–10.) This 
reference further explains that “[a]lmost any DNA sequence can 
be engineered and clones screened using PCR as a replacement 
for the conventional techniques of recombinant DNA 
technology, with considerable savings in time, effort and 
expense.” (Id. at 34.) 
PO Resp. 41 (alterations in original); see also Ex. 2056 ¶ 138 (same). Even 
acknowledging known issues from using PCR on genomic DNA (see, e.g., 
Ex. 2055, 32:24–33:25, 34:13–35:6, 42:12–43:12 (Dr. Bungert testifying 
that PCR requires “many more steps”); Ex. 1052, 71:24–25 (Dr. Riley 
testifying that “[m]utations can occur any time you’re doing cloning, . . . in 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
31 
PCR as well”); Ex. 1066, 41:3–4 (Dr. Sadelain testifying that “PCR is 
imperfect and can make a mistake”)), we find the evidence of record shows 
that PCR was a viable option to those in the art attempting to clone genomic 
DNA (see, e.g., Ex. 1066, 40:14–19 (Dr. Sadelain testifying that PCR 
requires “that everything would be sequenced”); Ex. 2056 ¶ 142 (“a POSA 
would understand sequencing can be used to verify sequences of PCR 
products and identify the clones without mutations”); Sur-reply 12–13 
(references cited therein). 
We have considered Petitioner’s argument that the “astronomical” 
number of possible fragments from using a PCR-driven approach would 
have discouraged its use and perhaps steered a person of ordinary skill in the 
art to the restriction enzyme-based approach. Reply 13; Tr. 33:16–22. 
Rather than support a conclusion that a POSA would have necessarily 
chosen the restriction enzyme-based approach, however, we find that 
argument to again highlight the lack of sufficient detail in the May Article to 
adequately guide a POSA to the claimed construct. To that point, we find 
that the May Article also lacks sufficient detail to guide a POSA to use 
restriction enzymes. Again, the May Article does not disclose how the 
disclosed LCR fragment was created, and there are no combinations of 
restriction enzymes that could achieve the claimed HS2, HS3, and HS4 LCR 
fragments based on the actual fragment sizes disclosed by the May Article. 
PO Resp. 13, 42; Ex. 2002 ¶¶ 88–89; Reply 15–16; Sur-reply 12. We note 
also that the lack of corroborating detail in the May Article forced 
Dr. Bungert to make certain assumptions, such as to assume a +/- 20 bp 
margin of error for which to choose restriction enzymes producing the 
recited fragment sizes. We are not persuaded, however, that a person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have deviated from the May Article’s 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
32 
teachings in the exact manner outlined by Dr. Bungert given the natural 
discrepancies between the fragment sizes disclosed in the May Article and 
the fragment sizes achieved by Dr. Bungert’s preferred enzymes. 
More specifically, we are not persuaded that a person of ordinary skill 
in the art would have assumed that the LCR fragment disclosed by the May 
Article was necessarily produced using restrictions enzymes. Even if 
artisans at the time of the invention would have selected the restriction 
enzyme-based approach in an attempt to recreate the May Article’s LCR 
fragment, that is insufficient to support Petitioner’s contention that “a POSA 
would have identified only six possible combinations of restriction enzyme 
fragments.” Pet. 31. As discussed above, PCR would have been a viable 
alternative for the creation to May Article’s LCR fragment, which greatly 
expands the number of possibilities for an LCR construct driving ß-globin 
expression conforming to the specifications disclosed in the May Article. 
See also Ex. 2002 ¶ 107 (“A POSA would appreciate that unlike directly 
cutting genomic DNA using restriction enzymes, which are limited to 
restriction sites available on the LCR, the PCR method is not limited to 
restriction sites and can be used to cleave at any base pair. . . . Thus, for each 
fragment, hundreds of, if not thousands of, different options existed.”). 
Furthermore, even assuming PCR would not have been a viable 
alternative, we find that the evidence of record fails to support Petitioner’s 
conclusion that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood 
that only six combinations of fragments were possible using the restriction 
enzyme approach as asserted by Petitioner and Dr. Bungert. Pet. 31; 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 143–156. Here, we credit Patent Owner’s argument and Dr. 
Riley’s analysis that certain enzymes were not accounted for by Dr. Bungert, 
and when those enzymes are accounted, the number of possible 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
33 
combinations is greater than the six asserted by Petitioner. For example, the 
evidence of record supports Patent Owner’s assertion that Dr. Bungert’s 
exclusion of MaeII because it cuts in the same location as SnaBI was 
incorrect, and as such, additional combinations were unaccounted for in Dr. 
Bungert’s analysis. Sur-reply 20–21 (citing Ex. 1026, 8, 10). As Patent 
Owner demonstrates, MaeII and SnaBI cut in different locations, and thus, 
while potentially equivalent, create different fragments. See id.; Ex. 1026, 8, 
10. Accordingly, Dr. Bungert has not demonstrated a persuasive reason to 
exclude the MaeII restriction enzyme from his analysis. 
Taken together, while we appreciate that Dr. Bungert’s analysis 
resulted in six possible combinations of restriction enzyme fragments 
(Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 143–156), that analysis involved a number of steps, where each 
step required certain assumptions to be made, the first of which would have 
been whether to use PCR or restriction enzymes as the method of 
manufacture. Each assumption made adds a branch to a decision tree that, 
while potentially leading to the creation of an LCR fragment, would greatly 
increase the number of possible combinations. Thus, we determine that, 
only with the benefit of hindsight, would a person of ordinary skill in the art 
have followed the path articulated by Dr. Bungert such that the exact LCR 
fragment encompassed by the claim would have been achieved. 
Accordingly, we determine that Petitioner has failed to establish that a 
person of ordinary skill in the art, using the May Article as a guide, was 
provided “a finite number of identified, predictable solutions” from which to 
achieve the claimed restriction enzyme fragments of the Challenged Claims. 
KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 421 (2007). For at least the 
foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has not established by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 2, 6, 7, and 11 are rendered 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
34 
unpatentable as obvious by the May Article, and that claim 5 is rendered 
unpatentable as obvious by the combination of the May Article and 
Himanen.15 
F. 
Grounds 6 and 7: Obviousness Based on the May Abstract 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 6–8, 11, and 15 are rendered 
unpatentable as obvious by the May Abstract. Pet. 49–59. Additionally, 
Petitioner asserts that claim 5 is rendered unpatentable as obvious by the 
combination of the May Abstract and Himanen. Id. at 59. Patent Owner 
raises multiple counterarguments. PO Resp. 49–59. 
Having considered the parties’ positions and evidence of record, we 
determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of 
evidence that claims 1, 2, 6–8, 11, and 15 would have been obvious over the 
May Abstract. Our analysis follows. 
1. 
May Abstract 
The May Abstract describes producing therapeutic levels of β-globin 
by lentiviral-mediated transfer of the human β-globin gene and large locus 
control region elements in long-term bone marrow chimeras. Ex. 1006, 
S248. The May Abstract describes using recombinant lentiviruses to 
efficiently transfer and faithfully integrate “the human ß-globin gene 
together with large segments (3.2 kb) of its locus control region (LCR).” Id. 
The May Abstract discloses the TNS9 vector that includes large LCR 
segments encompassed by hypersensitive sites 2, 3, and 4. Id. The “large 
LCR fragments incorporated into the TNS9 lentiviral vector increased the 
probability and level of globin expression in vitro and in vivo.” Id. at S249. 
 
15 Petitioner relies on Himanen for its disclosure of a K95I globin mutation 
to address the elements of claim 5 and not to cure the deficiencies of the 
May Article with regard to claims 1, 2, 6, 7, and 11. Pet. 48. 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
35 
2. 
Petitioner’s Contentions 
Petitioner asserts that the May Abstract describes isolated mouse 
(mammalian) bone marrow cells, containing hematopoietic progenitor cells 
and stem cells, that are transduced with the TNS9 vector (claim element 
1.pre). Pet. 49 (citing Ex. 1006, S249; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 205–209; Ex. 1013, 
4102, 4108). Petitioner asserts that the TNS9 vector is a recombinant 
lentiviral vector (claim element 1.a) that includes a nucleic acid encoding 
human β-globin operably linked to a 3.2 kb nucleotide fragment which 
consists essentially of three contiguous nucleotide fragments obtainable 
from a human β-globin locus control region (LCR) (claim element 1.b). Id. 
at 49–51 (citing Ex. 1006, S248; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 213–216). Petitioner also 
asserts that May Abstract discloses that the vector provides expression of the 
globin in a mammal in vivo, as required by the challenged claims. Id. at 54 
(citing Ex. 1006, S249). 
Petitioner acknowledges that the May Abstract does not expressly 
disclose the recited HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments (claim element 1.c). See 
id. at 51. Instead, Petitioner asserts that the May Abstract “teaches or 
suggests the restriction sites bounding the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments as 
recited in claim 1, especially in light of what a POSA would have known at 
the time of the alleged invention.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 217–237). 
Specifically, Petitioner asserts that “a POSA would have made use of the 
well-known LCR map and then-commercially available restriction enzymes 
to identify HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments that fit a 3.2 kb LCR.” Id. at 51–
52 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 222–231, Appendices A–D). 
Petitioner asserts here again that the entire map of the LCR was 
available as early as 1985 in the Genbank database. Id. at 38, 51 (citing 
Ex. 1016, 14903–05, Fig. 2; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 143–144). Petitioner further asserts 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
36 
that “by July 1, 2002, a finite number of restriction enzymes, including 
BstX1, SnaBI, BamHI, HindIII, and BanII, were available for sale through 
commercial sources such as New England Biolabs.” Id. at 39, 51 (citing 
Ex. 1019, r192–93, r198–99, r207; Ex. 1002 ¶ 145). 
According to Petitioner, applying conventional techniques, “a POSA 
would have grouped fragments having substantially similar flanking 
sequences into ‘clusters’ of fragments expected to lead to comparable levels 
of globin expression.” Id. at 52 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 226–227). As a result, 
Petitioner asserts that “a POSA would have identified 135 possible 
combinations of HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragment clusters—one of which 
includes the fragments recited in claim 1, and all of which would have been 
reasonably expected to provide globin expression in a mammal in vivo.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 231, Appendix D). 
Patent Owner argues that the May Abstract does not teach or suggest 
“the three fragments being a BstXI and SnaBI HS2-spanning nucleotide 
fragment of said LCR, a BamHI and HindIII HS3-spanning nucleotide 
fragment of said LCR and a BamHI and BanII HS4-spanning nucleotide 
fragment of said LCR,” as recited in claim 1. PO Resp. 52. Patent Owner 
contends that the May Abstract suffers from the same deficiencies as the 
May Article, with the added deficiency of lacking certain disclosure as to the 
nature of the disclosed HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments. Id. at 52–53. More 
specifically, Patent Owner contends that 
the May Abstract does not disclose (i) whether or not the large 
LCR segment additionally contains HS1, HS5, or both; (ii) 
whether or not the large LCR segment contains one or more 
copies of HS1, HS2, HS3, HS4, or HS5 (e.g., two copies of HS1, 
HS2, HS3, HS4, or HS5); (iii) whether or not HS1, HS2, HS3, 
HS4, or HS5 overlaps entirely or partially with each of their core 
elements; (iv) how HS2, HS3, and HS4 are arranged, such as 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
37 
whether HS2, HS3, and HS4 are arranged in the order of HS2-
HS3-H4 or other order (e.g., HS3-HS2-HS4); and (v) the size of 
each of the HS fragments. (See Ex. 2056 at ¶193.) 
Id. at 53. 
Based on our consideration of the record, we agree with Patent Owner 
that Petitioner has not shown that a skilled artisan would have been 
motivated with a reasonable expectation of success in arriving at the claimed 
invention based on the teachings and suggestions of the May Abstract. As 
acknowledged by Petitioner, the May Abstract does not disclose the 
restriction sites bounding the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments as recited in 
claim 1. Pet. 51–52. Unlike the May Article, the May Abstract also does 
not disclose the length for the HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments. As a result, 
Petitioner argues here that “a POSA would have made use of the well-
known LCR map and then-commercially available restriction enzymes to 
identify HS2, HS3, and HS4 fragments that fit a 3.2 kb LCR.” Id. (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 222–231, Appendices A–D). To narrow those results, Petitioner 
asserts that “a POSA would have grouped fragments having substantially 
similar flanking sequences into ‘clusters’ of fragments expected to lead to 
comparable levels of globin expression.” Id. at 52 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 226–
227). Without providing much more detail, Petitioner concludes that “a 
POSA would have identified 135 possible combinations of HS2, HS3, and 
HS4 fragment clusters—one of which includes the fragments recited in 
claim 1, and all of which would have been reasonably expected to provide 
globin expression in a mammal in vivo.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 231). 
In view of the limited disclosures in the May Abstract, we agree with 
Patent Owner that Petitioner’s rationale that it would have been obvious to 
make three different nucleotide fragments having the exact same restriction 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
38 
sites as recited in claim 1 based on the May Abstract disclosure that the 
entire LCR region is 3.2 kb in length appears to be based on impermissible 
hindsight. PO Resp. 52. Further, as Patent Owner asserts, Petitioner and 
Dr. Bungert fail to adequately explain and support their methodology for 
arriving at their identified 135 possible combinations of HS2, HS3, and HS4 
fragment clusters, which include the fragments recited in claim 1. See id. at 
56–59. Accordingly, for at least the foregoing reasons, we find that 
Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of evidence that claims 1, 2, 6–
8, 11, and 15 are rendered obvious by the May Abstract. 
For dependent claim 5, Petitioner relies on the combination of May 
Abstract and Himanen. The addition of Himanen does not address the 
deficiencies discussed regarding the May Abstract. Indeed, Petitioner relies 
on Himanen only for its disclosure of the anti-sickling K95I mutant to 
address the additional limitation recited in claim 5 that the “functional globin 
[recited in claim 1] is a mutant globin.” Ex. 1001, 12:9–10. Accordingly, 
Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of evidence that dependent 
claim 5 is rendered obvious by a combination of the May Abstract and 
Himanen for the same reasons discussed above. 
 
 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
In summary: 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. § Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 6, 7, 11 
102 
May Thesis 
 
1, 2, 6, 7, 11 
5 
103 
May Thesis, 
Himanen 
 
5 
1, 2, 6, 7, 11 
102 
May Article 
 
1, 2, 6, 7, 11 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
39 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. § Reference(s)/ 
Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 6, 7, 11 
103 
May Article 
 
1, 2, 6, 7, 11 
5 
103 
May Article, 
Himanen 
 
5 
1, 2, 6–8, 11, 
15 
103 
May Abstract 
 
1, 2, 6–8, 11, 
15 
5 
103 
May Abstract, 
Himanen 
 
5 
Overall Outcome 
 
1, 2, 5–8, 11, 
15 
 
VI. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 1, 2, 5–8, 11, and 15 of the ’061 patent are 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2023-00074 
Patent 8,058,061 B2 
40 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Naveen Modi 
Eric Dittmann 
Daniel Zeilberger 
PAUL HASTINGS LLP 
naveenmodi@paulhastings.com 
ericdittmann@paulhastings.com 
danielzeilberger@paulhastings.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Michael Glynn 
Joe Chen 
Howard Suh 
James McConnell 
Wanda French-Brown 
FOX ROTHSCHILD LLP 
mglynn@foxrothschild.com 
joechen@foxrothschild.com 
hsuh@foxrothschild.com 
jmcconnell@foxrothschild.com 
wfrench-brown@foxrothschild.com