--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 39 
571.272.7822 
Date: February 5, 2026 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
GENEOSCOPY, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
EXACT SCIENCES CORPORATION, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
Before RYAN H. FLAX, DAVID COTTA, and JAMIE T. WISZ, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
FLAX, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Exact Sciences Corporation (“Patent Owner”) is the owner of U.S. 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’746 patent”). Paper 4, 2. 
Geneoscopy, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting an inter partes 
review of claims 1–4 and 12–19 of the ’746 patent. Paper 1 (“Pet.”). 
Paper 1. Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response identified that claims 1 and 
2 of the ’746 patent had been disclaimed. Paper 9 (“Prelim. Resp.”), 2; 
Ex. 2041 (disclaimer). Therefore, only claims 3, 4, and 12–19 of the ’746 
Patent are at issue in this inter partes review, which we instituted on 
February 14, 2024. Paper 10 (“Institution Decision” or “DI”). On May 30, 
2025, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition (Paper 19, “Response” 
or “Resp.”), which was followed by Petitioner’s Reply (Paper 22, “Reply”), 
which was followed by Patent Owner’s Sur-reply (Paper 30, “Sur-reply”). 
Oral argument was heard at a hearing held on November 20, 2025, and a 
transcript of the hearing is of record. See Paper 38 (“Hr’g Tr.”). 
Petitioner bears the burden of proving unpatentability of the 
challenged claims and this ultimate burden of persuasion never shifts to 
Patent Owner. Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 
1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). As we address the parties’ positions, it is 
always in the context of this burden. To prevail, Petitioner must prove 
unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e) 
(2018); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d) (2023). After considering the parties’ arguments 
and supporting evidence, as discussed in detail below, we conclude that 
Petitioner proves by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged 
claims of the ’746 patent are unpatentable. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
3 
A. 
REAL PARTIES-IN-INTEREST 
Petitioner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Pet. 3. Patent 
Owner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Paper 4, 2. Neither party 
contests or objects to the other’s identification in this proceeding. 
B. 
RELATED MATTERS 
The parties each identify Exact Sciences Corp. v. Geneoscopy, Inc., 
No. 24-cv-00583-MN (D. Del.) as involving the ’746 Patent, which was 
consolidated with case No. 23-cv-1319-MN (D. Del.). Pet. 3–4; Paper 4, 2. 
In IPR2024-00459 (“the -459 IPR”), Petitioner successfully challenged the 
claims of U.S. Patent 11,634,781 (“the ’781 Patent”),1 which is the parent of 
the ’746 Patent. See Ex. 1031 (Petition in that proceeding); Ex. 1087 (Final 
Decision in that proceeding). Patent Owner has appealed the Final Decision 
in the -459 IPR to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. See 
IPR2024-00459, Paper 40. 
C. 
THE ’746 PATENT 
The ’746 patent, titled “Fecal Sample Processing and Analysis 
Comprising Detection of Blood,”2 was filed as U.S. Application 18/179,945 
on March 7, 2023, and claims priority to a series of continuation 
applications, including U.S. Application 17/936,335 (“the ’335 
Application”), and U.S. Provisional Application 61/149,581 (“the ’581 
 
1 During the prosecution before the Office leading to the issuance of the ’746 
patent, Patent Owner filed a Terminal Disclaimer with respect to the ’781 
patent to overcome a non-statutory, obviousness-type double patenting 
rejection. Ex. 1019, 8. 
2 The ’746 patent uses both “fecal” and “faecal,” which refer to the same 
thing (solid body waste), but the former is the American spelling of the term 
and the latter is the British spelling. We use the American spelling herein. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
4 
Provisional”), which was filed on February 3, 2009. Ex. 1001, codes (54), 
(21), (22), (63), (60), 1:8–19. Thus, the earliest possible effective filing date 
of the ’746 patent is February 3, 2009. There is no dispute in this 
proceeding that the ’746 patent is entitled to this priority date and we apply 
this priority date in our analysis here. 
The ’746 patent relates to methods and kits for analysis of fecal 
samples. Id. at 1:31–32. Its Abstract states that the invention relates to: 
A method of processing a fecal sample from a human subject 
comprising combining a first portion of a collected fecal sample 
with a stabilizing buffer, combining a second portion of the 
sample with a solution that prevents denaturation or 
degradation of blood proteins found in a fecal sample. 
Embodiments comprise testing nucleic acid extracted from the 
first portion of the fecal sample for an amount of a human 
nucleic acid, and testing the second portion of the fecal sample 
for the presence of human blood. 
Id. at Abstr. According to the Specification, colorectal cancer (“CRC”) is a 
leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Id. at 1:41–43. Mass 
screening of asymptomatic patients is the cornerstone for detecting and 
eliminating precursor lesions to reduce the risk of CRC. Id. at 1:51–55. 
Colonoscopy is the primary screening test for CRC because of its high 
sensitivity and specificity and the ability to contemporaneously remove 
polyps if found. Id. at 1:65–2:1. 
That procedure, however, is invasive, costly, and has certain risks, 
such as infection and perforation of the bowel. Id. at 2:1–3. Fecal occult 
blood testing (“FOBT”), which tests for blood in the stool as a CRC screen, 
is commonly used, and is less invasive and expensive than colonoscopy. Id. 
at 2:4–12. But, because occult blood in stool can be indicative of different 
gastrointestinal disorders, further testing is necessary to confirm CRC. Id. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
5 
There are two types of FOBT: guaiac FOBT (“gFOBT”), which detects 
peroxidase activity of hemoglobin in fecal blood, and immunochemical 
FOBT (“iFOBT” or “FIT”), which uses anti-human hemoglobin (Hb) 
antibodies to detect fecal blood. Id. at 2:13–34. Although the 
immunochemical procedure is comparatively more complicated and 
expensive, iFOBT is more sensitive than gFOBT. Id. at 2:25–40. 
The Specification explains that developments in testing also look 
specifically for mutations in DNA that are characteristic of colorectal 
neoplasia, which are detectable in exfoliated epithelial cells in stool. Id. 
at 2:44–47. The Specification explains that increased DNA methylation is 
an epigenetic alteration that is common in human cancers. Id. at 3:5–7. 
Aberrantly methylated DNA has also been proposed as a potential tumor 
marker for CRC detection. Id. at 3:7–9. 
The ’746 patent explains that, although combined assays for detecting 
CRC have been described, their approaches target either multiple protein 
markers or multiple DNA alterations. Id. at 3:41–43. According to the 
Specification, “[t]o date, immunochemical tests and DNA tests for CRC 
detection have been evaluated and compared on a separate basis only.” Id. 
at 3:43–45. 
The ’746 patent states that the invention “aims to improve the positive 
and negative predictive value and also the sensitivity and specificity of 
detection of colorectal cancer through non-invasive means.” Id. at 6:52–55. 
Accordingly, the invention is based on a combination of tests for detecting 
proteins and epigenetic modification markers in the same fecal sample. Id. 
at 6:59–62. 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
6 
The ’746 patent concludes with 19 claims. Id. at 45:56–48:36. 
Petitioner challenges claims 3, 4, and 12–19 of the ’746 patent (as noted 
above, claims 1 and 2 are disclaimed). Claim 3 is illustrative of the 
challenged claims; it depends from the sole independent claim 1, which was 
disclaimed, but claim 1’s recited subject matter remains incorporated into 
the dependent claims. Claims 1 and 3 are reproduced below: 
1. A method of processing a freshly-collected fecal 
sample without freezing, the method comprising: 
a) collecting a fecal sample from a human subject, 
wherein the fecal sample is collected at home by the human 
subject; 
b) in a sealable vessel, combining a first portion of the 
fecal sample with a stabilizing buffer, and sealing the sealable 
vessel; and 
c) in a sealable container, combining the second portion 
of the fecal sample with a solution that prevents denaturation or 
degradation of blood proteins found in a fecal sample, and 
sealing the sealable container. 
 
3. A method of processing a fecal sample, the method 
comprising: 
a) obtaining a pair of portions of a fecal sample collected 
from a human subject, the pair of portions comprising: 
i) a sealed sealable vessel containing a first portion 
of a fecal sample and a stabilizing buffer; and 
ii) a sealed sealable container containing a second 
portion of a fecal sample and a solution that prevents 
denaturation or degradation of blood proteins found in a 
fecal sample, 
wherein the pair of portions are obtained by the 
method of claim 1; 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
7 
b) extracting nucleic acid from the first portion of the 
fecal sample; 
c) testing nucleic acid extracted from the first portion of 
the fecal sample for an amount of a human nucleic acid; and 
d) testing the second portion of the fecal sample for an 
amount of a blood protein present in the second portion of the 
fecal sample. 
Ex. 1001, 45:56–46:57, 46:64–47:15. Claims 4 and 12–19 depend, either 
directly or indirectly, from claim 3. Claims 4, 12, and 13 recite further 
limitations for testing nucleic acid, and claims 14–19 recite further 
limitations for testing for an amount of a blood protein. Id. at 47:17–18, 
48:6–36. 
D. 
PATENT OWNER’S COLOGUARD PRODUCT 
For context, according to the evidence of record, the ’746 patent is, as 
of 2021, one of 59 U.S. patents that Patent Owner indicates cover its 
Cologuard product, approved for use by the U.S. FDA on August 11, 2014. 
Ex. 1026, 1; Ex. 1027; Ex. 2026, 4, 10. As of its annual 10-K report in 2014 
introducing this Cologuard product, Patent Owner identified that, at that 
time, it had “intellectual property rights pertaining to sample type, sample 
preparation, sample preservation, biomarkers, and related methods and 
formulations,” protected then by 12 issued U.S. patents, as well as 
(potentially) 30 pending U.S. patent applications. Ex. 2026, 10. 
According to Patent Owner’s published “Instruction for Use” for the 
Cologuard product, 
Cologuard is intended for the qualitative detection of colorectal 
neoplasia associated DNA markers and for the presence of 
occult hemoglobin in human stool. Cologuard is for use with 
the Cologuard collection kit and the following instruments: 
BioTek ELx808 Absorbance Microplate Reader; Applied 
Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR; Hamilton 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
8 
Microlab® STARlet; and the Exact Sciences System Software 
with Cologuard Test Definition. 
Ex. 1081, 6. “Cologuard is designed to analyze patients’ stool for the 
presence of 11 molecular markers, including hemoglobin and DNA markers, 
which may indicate the presence of colorectal cancer or advanced adenomas. 
Because cellular exfoliation of DNA into stool occurs continuously, 
Cologuard can detect pre-malignant neoplasia at early onset of abnormality.” 
Ex. 1080, 3; see also Ex. 1073; Ex. 1076, 1. 
The Cologuard collection kit, referred to above, “includ[es] a stool 
sample for DNA testing (Container) and a stool sample for Hemoglobin 
testing (Tube).” Ex. 1081, 15. Patent Owner’s Cologuard Patient Guide 
provides a labeled illustration of this kit, which we reproduce below: 
 
 
Ex. 1076, 8. The illustration is titled “What is Inside the Cologuard 
Collection Kit,” and shows a shipping box, a sample container, a bracket that 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
9 
appears to be shaped to hold the sample container, a bottle of liquid 
preservative, a tube, sample labels, and patient instructions. The Patient 
Guide states that the “bottle of liquid contains a preservative (less than 10% 
EDTA in Tris buffered solution),” and “[t]he tube contains a 10% albumin in 
Tris buffered detergent solution with an antimicrobial agent.” Id. 
E. 
ASSERTED GROUNDS OF UNPATENTABILITY 
Petitioner asserts that claims 3, 4, and 12–19 of the ’746 patent would 
have been unpatentable on the following grounds:3 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §4 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
3, 4, 14–19 
103 
Lenhard,5 Vilkin,6 Itzkowitz7 
2 
12, 13 
103 
Lenhard, Vilkin, Itzkowitz, 
Kanaoka8 
 
3 Petitioner’s Ground 5 is omitted here because it is moot in view of Patent 
Owner’s disclaimer of claims 1 and 2. 
4 Because the ’746 Patent has an effective filing date before March 16, 2013, 
the pre-AIA version of § 103 applies. Our decision, however, would be the 
same under either version of the statute section. 
5 Lenhard et al., Analysis of Promoter Methylation in Stool: A Novel Method 
for the Detection of Colorectal Cancer, 3 CLIN. GASTROENTEROL. & 
HEPATOL. 142–49 (2005) (Ex. 1004, “Lenhard”). 
6 Vilkin et al., Performance Characteristics and Evaluation of an 
Automated-Developed and Quantitative, Immunochemical, Fecal Occult 
Blood Screening Test, 100 AM. J. GASTROENTEROL. 2519–25 (2005) 
(Ex. 1005, “Vilkin”). 
7 Itzkowitz et al., Improved Fecal DNA Test for Colorectal Cancer 
Screening, 5 CLIN. GASTROENTEROL. & HEPATOL. 111–17 (2007) (Ex. 1006, 
“Itzkowitz”). 
8 S. Kanaoka, US 2006/0216714 A1, pub. Sept. 28, 2006 (Ex. 1007, 
“Kanaoka”). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
10 
Ground 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §4 
Reference(s)/Basis 
3 
3, 4, 14–19 
103 
Shuber,9 Vilkin 
4 
12, 13 
103 
Shuber, Vilkin, Kanaoka 
6 
3, 4, 14–19 
103 
Inbar,10 Vilkin, Shuber 
7 
12, 13 
103 
Inbar, Vilkin, Shuber, 
Kanaoka 
See Pet. 12. Petitioner relies, inter alia, on the Declarations of Duncan 
Whitney, Ph.D. Ex. 1002; Ex. 1086. Patent Owner relies, inter alia, on the 
Declarations of Vadim Backman, Ph.D. Ex. 2001; Ex. 2044. The 
qualifications of these witnesses to testify as to the subject matter of their 
declarations is not disputed in this proceeding. 
II. 
DISCUSSION 
A. 
LEGAL STANDARDS 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never 
shifts to Patent Owner.11 See Dynamic Drinkware, 800 F.3d at 1378. 
 
9 Shuber et al., WO 2005/113769 A1, pub. Dec. 1, 2005 (Ex. 1008, 
“Shuber”). 
10 Inbar et al., WO 97/25925, pub. July 24, 1995 (Ex. 1009, “Inbar”). 
11 Although we may refer to Patent Owner’s arguments as “not persuasive,” 
this is in the context of assessing the record and the parties’ arguments; we 
do not shift the ultimate burden from Petitioner. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
11 
The Supreme Court in KSR International Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 
U.S. 398 (2007), reaffirmed the framework for determining obviousness set 
forth in Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1 (1966). The KSR Court 
summarized the four factual factors set forth in Graham (383 U.S. at 17–18) 
that are applied in determining whether a claim is unpatentable as obvious 
under 35 U.S.C. § 103 as follows: (1) determine the scope and content of the 
prior art; (2) ascertain the differences between the prior art and the claims at 
issue; (3) resolve the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) consider 
objective evidence indicating obviousness or non-obviousness. KSR, 550 
U.S. at 406. 
“The combination of familiar elements according to known methods 
is likely to be obvious when it does no more than yield predictable results.” 
Id. at 416. “[C]ase law is clear that obviousness cannot be avoided simply 
by a showing of some degree of unpredictability in the art so long as there 
was a reasonable probability of success.” Pfizer, Inc. v. Apotex, Inc., 480 
F.3d 1348, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (citing In re Corkill, 771 F.2d 1496, 1500 
(Fed. Cir. 1985)). “[W]hen the question is whether a patent claiming the 
combination of elements of prior art is obvious,” the answer depends on 
“whether the improvement is more than the predictable use of prior art 
elements according to their established functions.” KSR, 550 U.S.at 417. 
KSR explains that ‘“if a technique has been used to improve one 
device, and a person of ordinary skill in the art would recognize that it would 
improve similar devices in the same way, using the technique is obvious 
unless its actual application is beyond his or her skill.”’ Intel Corp. v. PACT 
XXP Schweiz AG, 61 F.4th 1373, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2023) (quoting KSR, 550 
U.S. at 417; and Intel Corp. v. Qualcomm Inc., 21 F.4th 784, 797 (Fed. Cir. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
12 
2021)). If addressing a known problem, the prior art combination need not 
be “the best option, only . . . a suitable option.” Id. at 1380 (quoting Intel, 
21 F.4th at 800 (emphasis original)).” 
“[O]bjective indicia of non-obviousness play an important role as a 
guard against the statutorily proscribed hindsight reasoning in the 
obviousness analysis,” and “may often be the most probative and cogent 
evidence in the record.” WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1328 
(Fed. Cir. 2016); see also Graham, 383 U.S. at 36 (“[Objective indicia] may 
also serve to guard against slipping into use of hindsight, and to resist the 
temptation to read into the prior art the teachings of the invention in issue.” 
(internal quotation marks and citation omitted)). “In order to accord 
substantial weight to [objective indicia of non-obviousness, also called] 
secondary considerations[,] in an obviousness analysis, the evidence of 
secondary considerations must have a nexus to the claims, i.e., there must be 
a legally and factually sufficient connection between the evidence and the 
patented invention.” Fox Factory, Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 1373 
(Fed. Cir. 2019) (citing Henny Penny Corp. v. Frymaster LLC, 938 F.3d 
1324, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 2019)). “The patentee bears the burden of showing 
that a nexus exists.” Id. 
B. 
ORDINARY SKILL IN THE ART 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time 
of the invention (which Petitioner calls a “POSA”) would have had “a Ph.D. 
in chemistry, biochemistry, biology, or a related field and at least five years 
of experience designing and performing diagnostic assays on fecal samples.” 
Pet. 12 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 9–13). 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
13 
Patent Owner disagrees and asserts that the ordinarily skilled artisan 
would have had “a doctoral degree in medicine, chemistry, biochemistry, 
biology, or a related field and 1–2 years of experience in the processing and 
analysis of biological samples, including fecal samples.” Resp. 20 (citing 
Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 2–9, 51–53, 56–57). Patent Owner also indicates that such a 
person could have been an individual or a member of a team of scientists 
addressing fecal sample processing and analysis. Id. Patent Owner notes 
that Petitioner’s proposal in the Petition is significantly different from the 
proposal in its ex parte reexamination request of the related ’781 patent, 
which merely required a bachelor’s degree and several years of experience 
processing biological samples. Resp 20 (citing Ex. 2042, 7 (Request for 
Reexamination); Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 51–53).12 
As explained in our Institution Decision (at 7–8) in this proceeding, as 
well as in our Final Decision in the -459 IPR (see Ex. 1087, 12–14), we do 
not discern much of a substantive difference between the parties’ respective 
definitions in this proceeding beyond the number of years of experience after 
obtaining a doctoral degree. Compare Pet. 12, with Prelim. Resp. 21; see 
also Resp. 20 (“No matter which of the three different levels of skill is 
applied . . . .”). For purposes of this Final Decision, we adopt Patent 
Owner’s definition as it appears to be reasonable and falls between 
Petitioner’s definitions asserted in the Petition and in its request for 
reexamination of the related ’781 patent. Moreover, this definition appears 
to be consistent with the prior art’s demonstration of the level of ordinary 
 
12 On occasion, we cite to exhibit page numbers as added by Patent Owner. 
However, we endeavor herein to cite to the original page numbers of 
exhibits, where possible. 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
14 
skill in the art at the time of the invention. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 
F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific findings regarding 
ordinary skill level are not required “where the prior art itself reflects an 
appropriate level and a need for testimony is not shown” (quoting Litton 
Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 
1985))). 
C. 
CLAIM CONSTRUCTION 
The Board interprets claim terms in an inter partes review using the 
same claim construction standard that is used to construe patent claims in a 
civil action in federal district court. 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). In construing 
claims here, similar to district courts, we by default give claim terms their 
ordinary and customary meaning, which is “the meaning that the term would 
have to a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the 
invention.” Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 
2005) (en banc). 
Petitioner does not explicitly address claim construction in the 
Petition. See generally Pet. Similarly, Patent Owner states that it “does not 
believe that claim construction is necessary to resolve patentability.” 
Resp. 20. Each party has taken the position in this proceeding that the 
recited sample collection, sample portioning, and respective combining with 
stabilizing buffer/solution steps (recited in claim 1) are performed at home. 
See, e.g., Hr’g Tr. 7:11–8:7, 35:10–19. The patent disclosure supports the 
parties’ common understanding (see, e.g., Ex. 1001, 10:24–28, 11:51–67, 
18:4–19:37, 25:18–47), thus, we adopt the parties’ position. 
“[W]e need only construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and only to 
the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” Nidec Motor Corp. v. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
15 
Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) 
(quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 
(Fed. Cir. 1999)). Other than our acknowledging and adopting the parties’ 
common position regarding the claimed steps that occur at home, we agree 
with the parties that no other construction of any claim term is necessary for 
purposes of our Final Decision. 
D. 
PETITIONER’S ASSERTED PRIOR ART 
We review and summarize the relevant disclosures of Petitioner’s 
asserted prior art references below. Petitioner asserts each is prior art and 
Patent Owner does not contest that any are prior art with respect to the 
challenged claims. Pet. 11–12; see generally Resp. 
1. 
Lenhard (Ex. 1004) 
Lenhard is a journal article titled “Analysis of Promoter Methylation 
in Stool: A Novel Method for the Detection of Colorectal Cancer,” that 
indicates it was published in the journal Clinical Gastroenterology and 
Hepatology in 2005; it is prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102. Ex. 1004, 142. 
Lenhard identifies that “[c]olorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the 
leading causes of cancer-related morbidity and mortality,” and “[d]etection 
of early disease and precancerous adenomatous lesions leads to a decrease of 
CRC-related mortality. Therefore, there is a strong rationale for screening 
programs.” Id. Of several screening techniques, Lenhard identifies 
colonoscopy as one, but notes that “[c]ompliance with endoscopic screening 
is not satisfactory.” Id. According to Lenhard, the detection of tumor-
derived genetic changes in stool was a promising approach for CRC 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
16 
screening, and the use of fecal occult blood testing (FOBT),13 alone or in 
combination with endoscopy, was recommended. Id. Lenhard states that, 
“FOBT, when applied regularly, can decrease CRC mortality by only 15–
33%.” Id. 
Lenhard discloses using the gene hypermethylated in cancer 1 
(“HIC1”) promoter methylation as a stool-based DNA marker to screen for 
CRC. Id. at 143; see also id. (also identifying SFRP2, SFRP5, and PGR as 
tested markers). According to Lenhard, the promoter of HIC1 frequently is 
methylated in CRC, but not in normal or aging colonic tissue. Id. Lenhard 
states that it has shown that “HIC1 promoter methylation can be detected 
frequently and with high specificity in stool samples from patients with 
CRCs.” Id. 
Moreover, Lenhard states, “[t]he combination of HIC1 methylation 
analysis with FOBT allowed for detection of two thirds of CRCs.” Id. 
at 147. According to Lenhard, “[t]he combination of both assays resulted in 
increased detection rates for CRCs.” Id.; see also id. at 146 (Table 4) 
(providing data for positivity rates of HIC1 assay, FOBT assay, and 
combination of the tests). Lenhard further states that “[a]lthough the 
 
13 As discussed above, and as also described in the ’746 patent, there are two 
types of FOBT identified in the record: gFOBT and iFOBT. Ex. 1005, 
2519. gFOBT refers to “guaiac fecal occult blood test.” Id. This test is 
based on a chemical reaction between heme and guaiac, a compound 
isolated from Guaiacum trees, causing a color change. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 51–52. 
iFOBT (sometimes called FIT, for fecal immunochemical test) refers to 
“immunochemical, fecal occult blood test,” which is “specific for human 
Hb,” i.e., human hemoglobin; the test is based on antibody detection of 
hemoglobin. Ex. 1005, 2519; see also Ex. 1002 ¶ 53; Hr’g Tr. 22:18–21 
(iFOBT and FIT are interchangeable terms). 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
17 
combined test detected all localized cancers, no increase in sensitivity for 
adenoma was seen.” Id. 
Lenhard states that stool samples were collected preoperatively from 
patients with verified CRCs and before colonoscopy for patients with 
adenomas larger than one centimeter. Id. Samples were received within ten 
hours after defecation at the laboratory, subjected to gFOBT (color change 
test) immediately on receipt, and then stored at -80oC until analyzed for 
methylated DNA. Id. at 143, 145. 
Lenhard expressly suggests performing FOBT in combination with 
another screening technique, i.e., colonoscopy and DNA testing. See 
generally id. Upon testing by combining FOBT with gene methylation 
analysis Lenhard found the combination effective to detect 2/3 of cancer 
instances. Id. at 146–47. The studied FOBT worked as well as reported in 
the past and the HIC1 was slightly better (more sensitive, detected some 
other types of cancer better). Id. at 147. Using both tests “resulted in 
increased detection rates.” Id. Lenhard praises the combination of FOBT 
and HIC1 detection as a “highly sensitive, specific, and easily analyzable” 
process. Id. Finally, Lenhard urges the “[e]valuation of other genes known 
to be methylated in CRC such as hMLH1 and HPP1, [and the] identification 
of other useful methylation markers.” Id. at 148. 
2. 
Vilkin (Ex. 1005) 
Vilkin is a journal article titled “Performance Characteristics and 
Evaluation of an Automated-Developed and Quantitative, Immunochemical, 
Fecal Occult Blood Screening Test,” that indicates it was published in the 
American Journal of Gastroenterology in 2005; it is prior art under 
35 U.S.C. § 102. Ex. 1005. 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
18 
Focusing on the use of FOBT screening for CRC (as a threshold for 
conducting colonoscopy), Vilkin explains that gFOBT is faulted for its low 
sensitivity for significant colorectal neoplasia (i.e., CRC and advanced 
adenomatous polyps (“AAP”)), and low specificity due to nonspecificity for 
human hemoglobin (“Hb”). Id. at 2519. Vilkin explains that the 
introduction of central laboratory and office-developed iFOBT, specific for 
human Hb, improved specificity. Id. Vilkin describes a colonoscopy-
controlled study for a detailed evaluation of an automated desktop 
instrument for quantitative, immunochemical determination of fecal occult 
blood. Id. at 2523. 
For use in an iFOBT CRC screening procedure, Vilkin describes a 
fecal test sampling device shaped like a small test tube with a fecal probe 
that is inserted into the stool and then pushed back into the tube, through a 
membrane, into a sample cup that includes an Hb stabilizing buffer. Id. at 
2520. Vilkin’s labeled photograph (Figure 1) of this sampling device and 
the diagnostic hardware is reproduced below: 
 
 
Vilkin’s Figure 1 depicts and labels a fecal sample storage tube (above left) 
having a sample cup part, a filter, a scraper, and a cap with a prong and a 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
19 
spiral groove and also shows a desktop instrument (above right) for 
performing iFOBT analysis (along with several containers on the countertop 
in front of the instrument). Id. Vilkin states: 
The fecal test sampling device is shaped like a small test tube 
with the fecal probe inserted into it and sealing it. The probe 
has a serrated tip, which is poked into the stool and then pushed 
back into the tube, past a scrapper, and through a membrane 
into the sample cup. These remove most of the excess feces 
and leave the stool collected (about 10 mg) into the serrations 
(Fig. 1). The tip is then put in a closed amount of Hb 
stabilizing buffer. 
Id. Vilkin explains that the samples are double-closed in ziplock bags and 
kept in the refrigerator until returned to the laboratory where they are kept at 
4oC until testing. Id. Vilkin explains that “[t]he instrument,” called an OC-
Sensor (from Eiken, Japan)14 and shown in Figure 1, above-right, “is self-
contained” and “automatically mixes the fecal buffer solution with the latex-
antihuman HbA antibody reagent,” and “is used for developing and 
quantification of the I-FOBT.” Id. 
Vilkin discloses that iFOBT screening provides high sensitivity 
(76.5%) and acceptable specificity (95.3%; better than gFOBT); identifying 
six of six CRC patients, twenty of 28 advanced adenomatous polyp patients, 
and 26 of 34 neoplasia patients. Id. at 2522–23. Vilkin suggests a need to 
preserve the sample with buffer, no need to freeze, and stability for shipping 
to lab (3 weeks just refrigerated). Id. at 2523–24. 
Vilkin discloses that iFOBT was already proven effective in Japan and 
Hong Kong, and had the advantages of convenience, cost-reduced screening, 
 
14 The ’746 patent describes using the same or a similarly named instrument, 
i.e., “[t]he OC-Hemodia ‘Eiken’ . . . to detect faecal occult blood,” in its 
Example 1. See Ex. 1001, 28:60–62. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
20 
and not requiring dietary restrictions. Id. at 2519. In Vilkin’s methodology, 
three iFOBT tests were conducted (3 samples, annually); however, Vilkin 
discloses that iFOBT collection in Japan, the United States, and Australia is 
conducted over 2-days (2 samples) annually, and in Italy over 1 day (1 
sample) annually. Id. at 2524. Vilkin suggests that the use of iFOBT 
screening, using a sample stability buffer solution and refrigeration (rather 
than freezing), would be conducted with at-home sample collection in an 
improved toilet-disposable device and packaging. Id. 
3. 
Itzkowitz (Ex. 1006) 
Itzkowitz is a journal article titled “Improved Fecal DNA Test for 
Colorectal Cancer Screening” that indicates it was published in the journal 
Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology in 2007; it is prior art under 
35 U.S.C. § 102. Ex. 1006. Several of Itzkowitz’s authors were identified 
as employees of Exact Sciences Corporation. Id. at 111. 
Itzkowitz explains that several studies have shown the feasibility of 
detecting colon tumor-specific products (i.e., colorectal cancer or CRC) in 
patient stool for cancer screening. Id. The markers for CRC in these studies 
represent alterations of genes. Id. Itzkowitz teaches that pilot studies 
showed that several technical and conceptual advances could improve fecal 
DNA testing sensitivity. Id. For example, adding a DNA-stabilizing buffer 
to the stool immediately after defecation (sample collection) was shown to 
prevent DNA degradation for several days and enhance the performance of a 
DNA integrity assay (“DIA”). Id. Also, Itzkowitz explains that promoter 
methylation has become recognized as a key pathway by which colon 
cancers develop and a marker for CRC. Id. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
21 
Itzkowitz describes a two-phase study. Id. at 112. Phase 1 involved 
analyzing stool samples from approximately 50 patients with CRC and 200 
patients with normal colonoscopy to define suitable DIA cut-off values and 
to determine optimal markers for the assay. Id. Phase 2, which was then 
ongoing, was designed as a validation set in which an additional 125 patients 
with CRC and 200 patients with normal colonoscopy would be analyzed 
using the optimal marker panel from phase 1. Id. 
Itzkowitz explains that subjects (patients) were given a special stool 
collection kit to be mounted on a toilet bowl for sample collection. Id. 
Immediately after defecation (in the kit), the subject added 250 ml of a 
DNA-stabilizing buffer to the stool specimen and then shipped the specimen, 
at room temperature, overnight, to a laboratory for processing and analyzing. 
Id. Itzkowitz describes this as “a noninvasive screening test that is 
convenient, safe, and easy to perform at home.” Id. at 115. The lab 
processed and tested “for 22 specific mutations,” performed “DIA integrity 
assay,” and processed for vimentin and Helicase like Transcription Factor 
(HLTF).” Id. at 112. 
Itzkowitz discloses that fecal DNA testing was known to have 
advantages over existing fecal occult blood tests, that the ability to ship/mail 
samples for testing removes geographic access barriers, and that if a DNA 
preservation buffer is used, samples can be preserved, even at room 
temperature, for shipping to lab. Id. at 115. Itkowitz discloses that the 
observed improved sensitivity relating to the use of a DNA-preserving 
buffer and the related techniques was at the expense of a minor decrease in 
specificity, but that the “improved DNA preservation and extraction” 
technique was still “a better screening test.” Id. at 116. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
22 
Itzkowitz discloses that, relating to its DNA sampling and 
preservation technique, “[i]nherent in the success of any screening test is 
patient acceptance,” and the authors’ experience was “a very high degree of 
patient satisfaction.” Id. at 115–17 (93% of patients reported they “felt very 
comfortable” with the testing and 84% indicated they were willing to repeat 
the test). Itzkowitz concludes that “the assay complexity can be reduced 
significantly, thereby decreasing cost and facilitating the development of an 
assay kit that could be managed by local clinical laboratories,” and the goal 
is “to get patients screened who might otherwise avoid an invasive screening 
test.” Id. at 117. 
4. 
Kanaoka (Ex. 1007) 
Kanaoka, titled “METHOD OF DETECTING COLON CANCER 
MARKER,” is the September 28, 2006, publication of U.S. Application 
10/549,389, which was filed on September 19, 2003; Kanaoka is prior art 
under 35 U.S.C. § 102. Ex. 1007, codes (10), (43), (21), (22), (45). 
Kanaoka discloses that its invention relates to the following: 
It is intended to provide a non-invasive and convenient method 
of detecting a tumor marker for diagnosing colon cancer which 
is superior in sensitivity and specificity to the existing fecal 
occult blood test. More specifically speaking, a method of 
detecting a tumor marker for diagnosing colon cancer which 
comprises collecting biological sample which is immediately 
frozen using liquid nitrogen in some cases, homogenizing the 
sample in the presence of an inhibitor of an RNA digesting 
enzyme to give a suspension, extracting RNA from the obtained 
suspension, subjecting the extracted RNA to reverse 
transcription to give cDNA, amplifying the obtained cDNA and 
then detecting the thus amplified cDNA. This method is 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
23 
characterized by involving no procedure of separating cell 
components from the biological sample. 
Id. at Abstr. Kanaoka states that, “[t]he tumor marker used in the present 
invention is COX-2, matrixmetalloprotease (MMP), c-met, CD44 variants, 
EGF-R, EF-1, Wnt-2, Bradeion, SKP2, KPC-1, KPC-2, PRL-3, Angiogenin, 
Integrin, Snail, Dysadherin, or the like, and is preferably COX-2.” Id. ¶ 44. 
Kanaoka discloses that “[t]he biological samples of the present 
invention . . . preferably are human feces,” and “[t]he biological samples of 
the present invention can be used as they are, or, in some cases, after 
frozen.” Id. ¶¶ 40–41. Kanaoka recognizes that RNA is less stable than 
DNA, and so discloses the use of RNase inhibitors to stabilize RNA and the 
use of liquid nitrogen for sample freezing for preservation. Id. ¶¶ 11, 39–43, 
claims 1, 2, 7, 8. 
In one example, Kanaoka discloses that feces samples were obtained, 
separated into 1 g parts in 5 ml tubes, and then frozen. Id. ¶ 57. These 
samples were tested to measure human hemoglobin (Hb) by immunological 
fecal occult blood testing to obtain a comparison reference value. Id. Next, 
after homogenization, RNA was extracted from the samples and cDNA 
transcribed, and then amplified by PCR. Id. ¶¶ 57–58. Then, using primers 
designed for COX-2, CEA (carcinoembryonic antigen protein) and COX-2 
were detected. Each of CEA, COX-2, and blood via the iFOBT were 
detected in patients with colon cancer (almost every time). Id. ¶¶ 63–66. 
5. 
Shuber (Ex. 1009) 
Shuber, titled “Method for Stabilizing Biological Samples for Nucleic 
Acid Analysis,” is the December 1, 2005, published version of International 
Application PCT/US2005/017046; Shuber is prior art under 35 U.S.C. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
24 
§ 102. Ex. 1009, codes (12), (21), (43), (54). Shuber indicates its applicant 
is Exact Sciences Corporation. Id. at code (71). 
Shuber states, “[d]isclosed is a method for preparing nucleic acid 
containing biological samples for a nucleic acid integrity assay and/or 
multiple mutation analysis by incubating the biological sample with a 
stabilization solution that includes a buffer, a chelating agent and a salt.” Id. 
at Abstr. According to Shuber, such a method is used “for colon cancer 
detection from stool.” Id. at 6:9–11. 
Shuber discloses methods for preparing nucleic acid-containing 
biological samples for an assay to detect nucleic acid markers indicative of 
cancer. Id. at 1:11–13. According to Shuber, contacting a patient sample 
with a stabilization solution stabilizes the DNA so that intact nucleic acids 
indicative of diseased cells are more effectively detected in a nucleic acid 
integrity assay. Id. at 2:7–9. Shuber explains that a stabilization solution 
“may be particularly useful when samples are not refrigerated or frozen” and 
if a sample “is obtained at a remote location and mailed or delivered to a 
testing center.” Id. at 10:10–14; see also id. at 7:10–21. 
In one aspect of the Shuber invention, a stool sample may be directly 
deposited into a sealable container and a stabilization solution may be added 
to the container, after which the container may be sealed for 
storage/shipping to a test lab. Id. at 29:8–19. Shuber also discloses “a 
sample (e.g., a stool sample) may be directly deposited into a container (e.g., 
a sealable con[ta]iner) that already contains stabilization solution. The 
amount of solution may be sufficient to cover the sample or a portion 
thereof.” Id. at 30:8–11. 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
25 
6. 
Inbar (Ex. 1009) 
Inbar, titled “Collection and Transportation of a Pasty Material 
Sample,” is the July 24, 1997, published version of International Application 
PCT/IL97/00017, filed on January 13, 1997; it is prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102. Ex. 1009, codes (43), (54). 
Inbar relates to a system for collecting, storing, and transporting 
“pasty” material, such as stool. Id. at Abstr. Inbar discloses a system with 
multiple separate sealable containers, each containing unique preservation 
media corresponding to laboratory assays. Id. at Abstr., 1:2–12, 3:48, 4:18–
5:22; 9:7–30, Figs. 1–4; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 138–142). Inbar allows for the 
specimen to be preserved and sealed within each container, for an extended 
time, to allow for shipment to a laboratory for testing. See Ex. 1009, Abstr., 
3:18–32. 
To achieve different assays of the same sample material, which likely 
requires different media, Inbar describes at least two containers each holding 
a different preservation medium corresponding to each assay. Id. at 4:13–
18. Further, Inbar explains the containers are sealed by both a pierceable 
membrane and a closure arrangement for sealing the container after sample 
collecting member insertion. Id. at 8:1–25; Fig. 1. 
Inbar shows a two-container apparatus at Figure 1, reproduced below: 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
26 
 
 
According to Inbar, “Fig. 1 is an exploded view of a system of the invention 
comprising two containers and a sampling device with two corresponding 
collecting members.” Id. at 7:18–20. Figure 1 shows system 10 having two 
containers 12, 12′, base member 14, receptacles 16, 16′, sampling device 20 
with handle 22 and two collecting members 24, 24′. Id. at 8:2–8. 
Containers 12, 12′ hold media 26, 26′, which may be the same or different, 
for preserving the samples (e.g., bacteria or parasites). Id. at 8:9–11. 
Collecting members 24, 24′ are used for inserting into a sample, e.g., stool, 
where the sample is retained thereon; thereafter the collecting members 24, 
24′ are inserted through membranes 28, 28′ into containers 12, 12′, which are 
closed for shipping to a laboratory. Id. at 9:7–30. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
27 
Although Inbar focuses most on the preservation of microorganisms, 
it also indicates that stool may be collected for “detection of cryptic blood, 
[and the] preparation of a biochemical profile.” Id. at 1:7–10. The stool 
may itself be collected using “a collecting member for collecting an excreted 
stool sample” with “attachment of members for attachment to a toilet seat.” 
Id. at claim 12, Fig. 7. 
E. 
OBJECTIVE INDICIA OF NON-OBVIOUSNESS 
This decision ultimately considers all Graham factors, but, because 
each of Petitioner’s Grounds for unpatentability invokes the same objective 
indicia considerations argued by Patent Owner, we address those 
considerations at the outset. In opposition to each of Petitioner’s Grounds 
for unpatentability, Patent Owner argues that objective indicia of non-
obviousness (which Patent Owner refers to as “secondary considerations”), 
in the form of commercial success, failures of others, long-felt and unmet 
need, industry praise, and copying, provide evidence of the claims’ 
patentability. Resp. 51–64. 
Petitioner argues, inter alia, that Patent Owner’s position on objective 
indicia of non-obviousness fails because Patent Owner does not establish 
that a nexus exists between the evidence and the challenged claims. Reply 
21–26.15 
 
15 Here, as explained below, and as in related IPR2024-00459, Petitioner is 
correct. See Ex. 1087, 23–34 (Final Decision in IPR2024-00459 addressing 
the issue). In the related -459 IPR, oral argument was heard on this issue on 
May 1, 2025. See IPR2024-00459, Paper 38 at 21:23–31:26, 49:9–53:3, 
67:2–9. Patent Owner’s Response in this proceeding was filed almost a 
month after that hearing, which addressed the issues of objective indicia of 
non-obviousness, nexus, and the evidence of record (id.); Patent Owner’s 
Response here presents essentially the same arguments and evidence as in 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
28 
1. 
Nexus 
As noted above, a nexus is critical to objective indicia of non-
obviousness, and the Federal Circuit instructs that “[t]he patentee bears the 
burden of showing that a nexus exists.” Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1373 
(quoting WMS Gaming Inc. v. Int’l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1359 (Fed. 
Cir. 1999)). And, the Federal Circuit further instructs that, “[t]o determine 
whether the patentee has met that burden, we consider the correspondence 
between the objective evidence and the claim scope.” Id. (quoting Henny 
Penny, 938 F.3d at 1332). 
A rebuttable presumption of nexus between the asserted evidence of 
objective indicia of non-obviousness and a patent claim is established if the 
patent owner shows that evidence is tied to a specific product, which “is the 
invention disclosed and claimed,” i.e., the product “‘embodies the claimed 
features, and is coextensive with them.’” Demaco Corp. v. F. Von 
Langsdorff Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 1988) (emphasis 
added); Polaris Indus., Inc. v. Arctic Cat, Inc., 882 F.3d 1056, 1072 (Fed. 
Cir. 2018) (quoting Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. v. Philip Morris 
Inc., 229 F.3d 1120, 1130 (Fed. Cir. 2000)). “Although we do not require 
the patentee to prove perfect correspondence to meet the coextensiveness 
 
the prior proceeding, which we found to be unpersuasive. Compare Resp. 
51–64 (and Patent Owner’s cited evidence: Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 344–345; Ex. 1006; 
Ex. 1020; Ex. 1029; Ex. 1042; Ex. 1076; Ex. 2019 ¶¶ 21–26, 29–32, 36–39; 
Ex. 2021; Exs. 2024–2025; Ex. 2029; Ex. 2031; Exs. 2033–2040; Ex. 2044 
¶¶ 29–39, 196, 199–213, 216–221, 225–228, 230–231, 233–235, 238–246; 
Ex. 2051) with IPR2024-00459 Paper 20 at 50–66 (PO Response and Patent 
Owner’s cited evidence: Ex. 1006; Ex. 1024; Ex. 1043; Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 29–36, 
39, 143–157, 167, 169–170, 172–174, 177–185; Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 21–26, 29–32, 
35–39; Ex. 2024 ¶¶ 52–66; Ex. 2029; Exs. 2031–2032; Exs. 2034–2040; 
Exs. 2042–2046; Exs. 2048–2050; Exs. 2052–2053). 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
29 
requirement, what we do require is that the patentee demonstrate that the 
product is essentially the claimed invention.” Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1374 
(emphasis added). 
Patent Owner points to the Cologuard product for the nexus required 
of its objective indicia of non-obviousness evidence. Resp. 52–56; see also 
supra Section I.D (discussing this product). More specifically, Patent 
Owner (as in IPR2024-00459) walks through the disclosure of the 
Cologuard Patient Guide (Ex. 1076) and maps it to the limitations of claims 
1 and 3 to establish that the product embodies the claims and is coextensive 
therewith. Resp. 52–56 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1076, 8, 24–28, 30–31; 
Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 199–213). Patent Owner argues that the claimed invention “is 
not a subcomponent of the entire product––it is Cologuard’s fundamental 
workflow.” Id. at 52. 
Although Patent Owner does not overlook that “Cologuard [is] 
covered by other patents,” Patent Owner’s position is simply not supported 
in view of the record’s evidence of dozens of other U.S. patents that Patent 
Owner lists as covering the Cologuard product and Patent Owner’s express 
statements to the Office that some of these patents’ (or, then, applications’) 
claims covering subject matter patentably different than that of the claims 
here, are critical to Cologuard. Id. at 54–55; see also Exs. 1026, 1027 
(Patent Owner’s listing of Cologuard patents); Ex. 1029, 7–9 (Patent Owner 
advocating that other patent/application claims covering subject matter 
critical to FDA approval and Cologuard’s success where others failed); see 
also infra at 32–33 (reproducing the list of Cologuard patents). We discuss 
this further below. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
30 
As one example, regarding commercial success, Patent Owner asserts 
that Cologuard sales have grown over the years to the millions of tests and 
hundreds of millions and, now, billions of dollars in revenue. Resp. 56–58 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 2019 ¶¶ 29–31, 36–38; Ex. 2021, 11; Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 216–221). 
Regarding the failures of others and the satisfaction of a long-felt and 
previously unmet need, Patent Owner points to CRC screening testing 
available (or not) before Cologuard, the introduction of Cologuard, and its 
success. Id. at 58–61 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 2044 ¶ 231). As for evidence of 
industry praise, again Patent Owner identifies that Cologuard has repeatedly 
been the subject of awards and praise. Id. at 62–63 (citing, inter alia, 
Ex. 2019 ¶ 26). Finally, regarding copying, Patent Owner asserts that 
Petitioner’s “ColoSense Collection Kit contains the same elements as Exact 
Science’ successful Cologuard Collection Kit.” Id. at 63–64 (citing, inter 
alia, Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 238–246). Thus, all of Patent Owner’s evidence of 
objective indicia of non-obviousness and arguments thereover relies on the 
Cologuard product embodying the challenged claims. 
We have no reasonable doubt that aspects of the Cologuard product 
practice the invention of the ’746 patent’s claims 1 and 3, which are most 
generally directed to steps of collecting two portions of a fecal sample at 
home, and combining a respective buffer stabilizer/preservative with each of 
the portions for claim 1, and then processing those fecal samples by testing 
for blood and nucleic acids (e.g., DNA) for claim 3 (without freezing). 
These appear to be nearly the most basic steps for using the Cologuard kit. 
See generally Ex. 1076. And, these steps do illustrate a certain ease of use 
and consumer-friendliness that may be a contributing factor in Cologuard’s 
success. See, e.g., Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 200–202, 214–215, 219. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
31 
However, Petitioner argues that a nexus cannot be presumed to exist 
between the claims and the Cologuard product and, furthermore, that Patent 
Owner has not otherwise demonstrated a nexus, because Cologuard is 
“clearly not coextensive with the claimed method.” Reply 21–22 (citing 
Ex. 1086 ¶¶ 129–132). Petitioner argues that Cologuard is a multi-faceted 
product of which the components and processes covered by the ’746 patent 
are but a part, which is decisively illustrated by the fact that Patent Owner 
has marked the Cologuard product with dozens of other patents. Id. at 22–
23 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 335–347; Ex. 1086 ¶¶130–131; Ex. 1077, 1295; 
Ex. 1079); see infra at 33–34 (listing such patents). 
Petitioner identifies that Patent Owner has publicly attributed 
Cologuard’s diagnostic success “to the DNA marker and algorithm 
components of the test,” which is not part of the ’746 patent’s claims. Id. at 
24 (citing Ex. 1077, 1295). Petitioner also identifies that Patent Owner itself 
has expressly stated that Cologuard’s success can be attributed “to a later-
invented ‘combination of markers and methods for extracting the marker 
DNA,’” which is also not claimed in the ’746 patent. Id. (citing Ex. 1029, 9 
(Patent Owner arguing to the Office in an “After Final Amendment” dated 
July 31, 2015 in U.S. application 14/145,082, which issued as US 9,163,278 
B2 (“the ’278 patent”)16 on Oct. 20, 2015, that these separately-claimed 
inventions were the reasons for Cologuard’s success and satisfaction of the 
long-felt need)). 
We agree with Petitioner and are persuaded by its arguments. 
 
16 Office records show the ’278 patent includes claims to “[a] system for 
isolating a target human DNA from a human stool sample.” 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
32 
The Federal Circuit addressed facts similar to those before us here in 
Fox Factory, which dealt extensively with the issue of nexus and objective 
indicia of non-obviousness (which the Federal Circuit there called 
“secondary considerations”). Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1372. At the outset, 
the Court identified that “[i]n order to accord substantial weight to secondary 
considerations in an obviousness analysis, ‘the evidence of secondary 
considerations must have a ‘nexus’ to the claims, i.e., there must be ‘a 
legally and factually sufficient connection’ between the evidence and the 
patented invention.’” Id. at 1373 (quoting Henny Penny, 938 F.3d at 1332). 
The Fox Factory decision also addressed coextensiveness, a question of fact, 
stating that it is the cornerstone of the nexus requirement, that it is rarely 
shown by “perfect correspondence between the claimed invention and the 
product,” but that nexus is not present where “the patented invention is only 
a component of a commercially successful machine or process.” Id. 
at 1373–74. 
Fox Factory involved two patents, each with claims directed to 
aspects of bicycle chainrings (i.e., the gears turned by a bike’s pedals) and 
the configuration of teeth thereon, and a product called X-sync asserted to be 
the embodiment of the invention(s). Id. at 1369–70. The record of Fox 
Factory evidenced that the X-sync product indisputably included features 
that were “critical” and “more than an insignificant feature,” but not claimed 
in the first patent. Id. at 1374–75. These features of X-sync, unclaimed in 
that first patent, were touted by patentee as claimed in the second patent. Id. 
The patentee, in two separate proceedings before the Board over these two 
separate patents, had held up the X-sync product as evidencing objective 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
33 
indicia of non-obviousness for separate features of the product, which were 
claimed separately in the two different patents. 
The Federal Circuit held that there was no nexus on such evidence 
(although the patentee would be given a chance to prove nexus on remand). 
Id. at 1378. In so deciding, the Federal Circuit held that when there are 
features not claimed in a patent that materially impact the functionality of 
the product, nexus is not presumed. Id. at 1376. In later decisions, the 
Federal Circuit has clarified that critical unclaimed features are of particular 
importance. See Teva Pharmas. Int’l GmbH v. Eli Lilly and Co., 8 F.4th 
1349, 1362–63 (Fed. Cir. 2021). Moreover, when analyzing the 
coextensiveness required for nexus, it cannot be reduced to “an inquiry into 
whether the patent claims broadly cover the product;” the product must be 
“the invention disclosed and claimed,” and not “only a component of a 
commercially successful machine or process.” Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 
1377 (quoting Demaco, 851 F.2d at 1392). 
Fox Factory involved evidence of only two patents covering a single 
product. Here, there are dozens of patents, in addition to the ’746 patent, 
identified as covering Cologuard. See Ex. 1026 (Exact Sciences’s website 
marking Cologuard patents). Exhibit 1026 states: 
The Cologuard® test and its use are covered by one or more of 
the following patents, associated pending patent applications, or 
non-U.S. international equivalents: U.S. 8,361,720, 8,673,555, 
8,715,937, 8,722,330, 8,916,344, 8,969,046, 8,980,107, 
8,993,341, 8,999,176, 9,000,146, 9,024,006, 9,057,098, 
9,121,070, 9,121,071, 9,127,318, 9,163,278, 9,169,511, 
9,211,112, 9,212,392, 9,290,797, 9,315,853, 9,376,721, 
9,399,800, 9,631,228, 9,637,792, 9,657,330, 9,750,482, 
9,783,856, 9,803,249, 9,845,491, 9,856,515, 9,982,308, 
10,000,817, 10,047,390, 10,093,987, 10,106,844, 10,138,524, 
10,144,953, 10,196,676, 10,253,358, 10,265,054, D849,266, 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
34 
10,435,753, 10,450,614, 10,486,158, 10,519,510 10,590,489, 
10,604,793, 10,626,465, 10,702,250, 10,704,083, 10,808,286, 
10,822,639, 10,870,893, 10,889,867, 10,894,256, 11,634,781, 
11,845,991, and 11,970,746. This product and its use are also 
covered by patents pending in the U.S. and around the world. 
Ex. 1026, 1 (emphasis added to highlight the’746 patent challenged here, the 
’781 patent challenged in IPR2024-00459, and the ’278 patent identified by 
Patent Owner as claiming particularly important elements of the Cologuard 
Product). 
Furthermore, during prosecution of the ’278 patent (see list above), 
Patent Owner expressed that elements of Cologuard not covered by the ’746 
patent or the ’781 patent, but covered by the ’278 patent (i.e., “a particular 
combination of markers and methods for extracting the marker DNA,” 
“particular combination of ‘genes of interest,’” the “particular combination 
of reagents,” and also, potentially (there is no direct evidence this is covered 
by another patent), the diagnostic accuracy provided by “the DNA marker 
and algorithm components of the test”), are reasons for Cologuard’s 
successes where others failed.17 See Ex. 1029, 6–9 (note, this exhibit at page 
7 cites the following Exhibit 2008 as evidence supporting Patent Owner’s 
prosecution arguments); Ex. 1077, 1294–95; see also IPR2024-00495, Paper 
38 (Hr’g Tr.) 44:12–45:4 (Patent Owner argued at that Final Hearing that 
 
17 Patent Owner expressed that these unclaimed (by the ’746 patent) features 
“addressed [the] long-felt need and succeeded where others had failed, as 
evidenced by the first-ever FDA approval for the product containing these 
components.” Ex. 1029, 9. The fact that other patented inventions (of the 
’278 patent), not at issue in this proceeding, met the long-felt need and were 
the reason for success (of Cologuard) supports our giving little weight to 
Patent Owner’s arguments on long-felt need and failures of others/success of 
Patent Owner. 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
35 
“detection of adenomas . . . is a critical feature” of Cologuard––one not 
recited in any claim of the ’746 patent). 
Thus, even though aspects of the Cologuard product appear to 
embody claims of the ’746 patent, the product has features not covered by 
the ’746 patent’s claims, some of which are critical unclaimed elements 
according to Patent Owner. Accordingly, Cologuard is not coextensive with 
the challenged claims, and no nexus between the product and the challenged 
claims is shown on this record. 
Other than mapping claims 1 and 3 to aspects of Cologuard, which we 
explained above is not indicative of the complete product and all features 
identified by Patent Owner as important or critical to the product, and 
asserting that Cologuard embodies such claimed features to establish a 
nexus, Patent Owner does not substantively address its many other patents 
that purportedly cover Cologuard, or its prior statements to the Office 
regarding important elements of Cologuard covered by the claims of other 
patents. Resp. 51–64; Sur-reply 20–26. 
Although there is no nexus established here, for completeness we 
address Patent Owner’s specific asserted objective indicia arguments below. 
Patent Owner asserts commercial success, satisfaction of a long-felt need 
(others failed), praise, and copying (Resp. 55–66), and we discuss below the 
flaws in Patent Owner’s positions, including why Patent Owner has not 
persuasively established coextensiveness with the claims of the ’746 patent 
sufficient to establish a nexus for these indicia. 
2. 
Commercial Success, Long-Felt Need (and Failures), Praise, 
and Copying 
Where a party is not entitled to a presumption of nexus, it bears the 
burden of showing that the success of the product is “a direct result of 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
36 
unique characteristics of the claimed invention.” Fox Factory, Inc., 944 
F.3d at 1373–74. Patent Owner does not show here that success is the 
“direct result of unique characteristics of the claimed invention.” For each 
of the alleged objective indicia, we address whether the evidence supports 
the existence of a nexus even absent a presumption. 
Regarding commercial success, Patent Owner asserts that the billions 
in revenue from sales of Cologuard (through 2023), due to the “diagnostic 
accuracy and uptake” of the product, are reflected in the ’746 patent’s 
claims, particularly the recited addition of buffers to the sample portions and 
the recited “at-home collection,” and are evidence of the non-obviousness of 
the challenged claims. Resp. 56–58. We agree that Cologuard sales have 
been substantial. See, e.g., Ex. 2021, 11. However, the record does not 
support that Cologuard’s sales are due to the invention claimed in the ’746 
patent. 
Petitioner points out that the Cologuard product had and has market 
exclusivity (provided by, e.g., other patents and FDA approval), and that 
Patent Owner has publicly stated that it spent over $3 billion on sales and 
marketing for Cologuard. Reply 25–26 (citing Ex. 2019 ¶ 13); see also 
Ex. 1029, 9 (identifying Cologuard as the “first-ever FDA approval for the 
product containing . . . components” claimed by another patent). Patent 
Owner itself argues that it embarked on an education campaign for 
Cologuard, where it “expended substantial resources on this education effort 
with marketing focused on the availability, advantages, and ease of use of 
Cologuard”; Patent Owner, however, does not account for how influential 
the substantial investment in education and marketing was in the success of 
Cologuard compared to its features claimed in the ’746 patent. See Resp. 58 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
37 
(citing Ex. 2019 ¶¶ 31–32); see also Hr’g Tr. 48:1–4 (“JUDGE FLAX: I 
mean, to be fair, your client has sold billions of dollars worth of a product 
that requires a scraping, right? MS. HABERNY: Well, part of those sales 
are, you know, a result of education and things like that.”). “[T]here may be 
many reasons a product is commercially successful; it is only where the 
success is due to the claimed invention that commercial success can show 
nonobviousness,” and here there is evidence that factors other than the ’746 
patent’s claimed invention may have contributed (and likely did contribute) 
to Cologuard’s commercial success. UCB, Inc. v. Actavis Labs. UT, Inc., 65 
F.4th 679, 695 (Fed. Cir. 2023). Patent Owner has not established that 
Cologuard’s commercial success is due to the ’746 patent’s claimed 
invention, rather than other factors as described above (e.g., a particular 
combination of markers and methods for extracting the marker DNA, or 
education and marketing) and, for this reason as well, we give the evidence 
of commercial success little weight. 
Regarding the asserted failures of others and long-felt need, Patent 
Owner argues that the accessibility of the Cologuard product for patients 
satisfied a need for “a CRC screening test with sufficient diagnostic 
accuracy that would be used by patients,” and that “low screening levels of 
individuals within the recommended screening groups persisted until the 
introduction of Cologuard.” Resp. 58–60 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 29–
39, 226–228, 231). Patent Owner argues that Cologuard met these needs 
“due to [its] non-invasive nature and lack of complications,” which 
addressed “all major limitations of the other attempts at CRC screening.” Id. 
at 60 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 2019 ¶¶ 37, 39; Ex. 2044 ¶ 231). The Cologuard 
product appears to meet the above needs, and appears to have been accepted 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
38 
and purchased by a large population of patients, as asserted by Patent 
Owner, but there is no persuasive evidence that this is due to the invention 
claimed in the ’746 patent rather than the inventions covered by the dozens 
of other Cologuard-protecting patents, including the diagnostic accuracy 
attributed to the DNA marker and algorithm components, and methods for 
extracting DNA, claimed in the ’278 patent, which appear to at least 
contribute to meeting the alleged long-felt need. See Ex. 1029, 6–9; 
Ex. 1028 (the ’278 patent); Reply 24–25; see also Ex. 2008, 1295 
(diagnostic accuracy attributable to DNA markers and algorithm of test). 
For these reasons, we give this evidence little weight. 
As for the asserted industry praise, Patent Owner identifies several 
instances where Cologuard has won awards or earned public praise, for 
example, as the best medical technology product of 2016, the “best of what’s 
new” in 2014, and as an “emerging tech” in 2015. Resp. 62–63. But, other 
than recognizing the Cologuard product generally as innovative and 
praiseworthy, it is not apparent from the record that such praise can be 
attributed to the invention of the challenged claims rather than some other 
element(s) of Cologuard covered by its dozens of other patents, as discussed 
above. See Exs. 2033–2035. For this reason, also, we give this evidence 
little weight. 
Finally, Patent Owner has identified that Petitioner has developed a 
product called ColoSense that Patent Owner alleges copies “the same 
elements as Exact Sciences’ successful Cologuard Collection Kit.” 
Resp. 63. At a high level, the ColoSense kit appears similar to Cologuard 
because it appears to be intended for providing a fecal sample at home for 
CRC screening (by detecting nucleic acids and blood) and the ColoSense kit 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
39 
has containers for two portioned parts of the sample with respective 
preservatives/buffers.18 Id. at 64–65 (citing Ex. 2053, 37–40). On this 
record, it is unclear whether the asserted copying is directed to the 
challenged claims, the claims of other Cologuard patents, or some 
combination thereof. Because Patent Owner’s Cologuard cannot be said to 
be coextensive with the challenged claims, evidence of copying Cologuard, 
even if taken as true, cannot be given substantial weight because of the same 
nexus issues discussed above. Moreover, “copying ‘requires evidence of 
efforts to replicate a specific product,’” and even established “infringement, 
taken alone, is not probative of copying.” Tokai Corp. v. Easton Ent., Inc., 
632 F.3d 1358, 1370 (Fed. Cir. 2011) (quoting Wyers v. Master Lock Co., 
616 F.3d 1231, 1246 (Fed. Cir. 2010); Iron Grip Barbell Co., Inc. v. USA 
Sports, Inc., 392 F.3d 1317, 1325 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). Similarity between 
products, which is the only evidence of record with respect to copying, does 
not establish copying. For these reasons, we give this evidence little weight. 
3. 
Summary and Conclusion 
For the reasons discussed above, and because the nexus issue affects 
each basis for objective indicia of non-obvious asserted by Patent Owner, we 
give no substantial weight to any of Patent Owner’s arguments on such 
indicia. In re Affinity Labs of Texas, LLC, 856 F.3d 883, 901 (Fed. Cir. 
 
18 This comparison between Cologuard and ColoSense relies on what, at this 
point, can be called an original ColoSense product design, as set forth in 
Exhibit 2040. The record indicates that this original design has been 
changed in favor of a new product design having “a single-container, single 
buffer,” rather than separate containers for two sample portions with 
respective preservative buffers. Sur-reply 4 (citing Ex. 2057, 30:4–31:18); 
see also Hr’g Tr. 47:13–25 (Patent Owner discussing a new version of 
ColoSense having a single container, not requiring separation of the sample). 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
40 
2017) (without an established nexus between the claimed invention and 
asserted objective indicia of non-obviousness, such arguments are accorded 
little weight). 
In any event, even if any of the alleged objective indica of non-
obvious were entitled to some weight, after analysis of all the obviousness 
considerations on the complete record as discussed below, we find that the 
evidence of obviousness on this record is quite strong and substantially 
outweighs any indicia of non-obviousness on this unique record. Pfizer, 480 
F.3d at 1372 (“Although secondary considerations must be taken into 
account, they do not necessarily control the obviousness conclusion.”). 
F. 
OBVIOUSNESS OVER LENHARD, ITZKOWITZ, AND VILKIN, AND ALSO 
LENHARD, ITZKOWITZ, VILKIN, AND KANAOKA (GROUNDS 1 AND 2) 
Grounds 1 and 2 are very similar, each being premised on 
substantially the same prior art combination and party arguments for and 
against patentability. Therefore, we address them together. Petitioner 
contends, under Ground 1, that claims 3, 4, and 14–19, would have been 
unpatentable as obvious over the combination of Lenhard, Vilkin, and 
Itzkowitz. Pet. 19–34 (citing Ex. 1001, 12:48–52; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 144–219; 
Ex. 1004, 142–45, 147; Ex. 1005, 2519–24; Ex. 1006, 111–12, 115–17; 
Ex. 1020, 29–30; Ex. 1021, 214; Ex. 1022, 186, 190; Ex. 1023, 140; 
Ex. 1033, 9–20 (IPR2024–00459, Paper 9 (Institution Decision)); see also 
supra Section II.D (discussing the asserted prior art). And, under Ground 2, 
Petitioner argues that claims 12 and 13 would have been unpatentable over 
the combination of Lenhard, Itzkowitz, Vilkin, and Kanaoka. Pet. 35–37 
(citing, inter alia, Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 220–226; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–26, 47–48, 55–68, 
76; Ex. 1024, 131). 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
41 
Patent Owner opposes these challenges. Resp. 1–2, 9–16, 21–36, 47–
64 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1004; Ex. 1005, 2519–24; Ex. 1006, 111–12, 115–
17; Ex. 1007, Abstr., ¶¶ 9, 11, 15–16, 57, 65–66; Ex. 1009, 2:32–3:8; 
Ex. 1010, 12, 59; Ex. 1022, 184; Ex. 1023, 149; Ex. 2020, 148:14–22, 
149:18–150:20, 169:13–17; Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 58–79, 81–87, 90–91, 96, 100–105, 
119–128, 131–159; Ex. 2047; Ex. 2048; Ex. 2049 (“Tsuji”)). Part of Patent 
Owner’s opposition consists of its allegations that evidence of objective 
indicia of non-obviousness weighs against Petitioner’s case for obviousness. 
We have addressed this above as unpersuasive (see supra Section II.E). 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented by the 
parties, we determine that Petitioner has shown that the challenged claims 
would have been unpatentable as obvious over the cited references. We 
review the parties’ positions and provide our analysis below. 
1. 
Petitioner’s Positions 
Petitioner asserts that: (1) Lenhard discloses a non-invasive CRC 
screening method where a fecal sample is collected and separated into two 
portions so that a first portion is tested for blood using gFOBT and the 
second portion is tested for tumor-derived DNA (i.e., nucleic acids) using 
methylation of the HIC1 gene promoter as a detectable biomarker, and that 
the combination of the two tests was advantageous in increasing detection of 
CRCs; (2) Vilkin discloses an improved fecal-blood-detection technique, 
that is, iFOBT paired with buffer-stabilization of the sample’s Hb (suggested 
to be collected at home, and separated from a larger sample), which would 
have been an obvious replacement for and improvement on Lenhard’s 
gFOBT because it was more sensitive, eliminated diet restrictions, and 
provided quantitative results; and (3) Itzkowitz discloses that adding a DNA 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
42 
stabilizing buffer to a fecal sample to be used for CRC screening (collected 
at home) improves the technique and would be an obvious addition to 
Lenhard’s process and would allow shipment without freezing the sample. 
Pet. 19–24 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 145–168; Ex. 1004, 142–45, 147; Ex. 1005, 
2519–20, 2524; Ex. 1006, 111–12, 116–17; Ex. 1020, 29–30; Ex. 1021, 214; 
Ex. 1022, 186, 190). 
Petitioner asserts that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
recognized from Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz that a non-invasive, home-
collection process, where stool samples were portioned and stabilized for 
shipment, and then tested for the purpose of CRC screening by assaying for 
blood using iFOBT and assaying for DNA markers, would have obvious 
benefits to an ordinarily skilled artisan (such as, that it would result in 
“increased detection rates” and “give colorectal cancer screening a new 
future,” for example). Id. Petitioner asserts that Vilkin and Itzkowitz’s 
teachings would have been combined with Lenhard’s to improve Lenhard’s 
techniques, as explained above (because it would provide fewer restrictions 
on patients, better results, etc.), with reasonable expectation of success, 
because the references themselves indicate that their techniques were 
complementary and worked, as did several other contemporary references. 
Id. (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 160–167; Exs. 1011–1013, 1020–1022). 
Petitioner also adds certain teachings of Kanaoka to this combination 
of Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz for Kanaoka’s disclosure of measuring 
RNA (like Lenhard’s and Itzkowitz’s DNA) as another, similar way to 
screen for CRC. Pet. 35–37 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 220–226; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–
26, 47–48, 55–68). Petitioner asserts that Kanaoka teaches that using RNA 
markers, such as COX-2, provides high detection sensitivity (for CRC), 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
43 
which would further complement Lenhard’s techniques (as well as the 
iFOBT taught by Vilkin) and would improve the screening with a reasonable 
expectation of success. Id. (further citing Ex. 1024, 131 (identifying a 
commercially available DNA and RNA preservative)). 
After addressing the reasons the ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
had for combining the asserted prior art, Petitioner maps the disclosures of 
the references to the limitations and elements of the challenged claims 3, 4, 
and 12–19. 
Beginning with claim 3, which incorporates the limitations of 
disclaimed independent claim 1 from which it depends, Petitioner asserts 
that Lenhard discloses the general subject matter of the claims, including (as 
part of a CRC screening procedure) collecting and separating into two 
portions a human fecal sample, and testing a first portion for extracted 
tumor-derived DNA (nucleic acids) and a second portion for blood proteins. 
Pet. 24–31 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 170–190, 195–207; Ex. 1004 (in 
its entirety)). Petitioner asserts that each of Vilkin and Itzkowitz teaches not 
freezing the samples, as well as collecting the samples at home (before 
shipping to a lab). Id. at 24–25 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 170–178; Ex. 1005, 
2020; Ex. 1006, 112). Petitioner asserts that both Lenhard and Itzkowitz 
teach sealing the first portion of the sample in a container for subsequent 
DNA testing, and that Itzkowitz teaches adding a respective stabilizing 
buffer solution to preserve the sample, which is then tested at a lab by 
extracting DNA and assaying for methylated DNA indicative of CRC. Id. at 
25–26, 29–30 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 179–186, 199–202; Ex. 1004, 143–45; 
Ex. 1006, 111–12, 116). Petitioner asserts that Lenhard and Vilkin each 
teaches sealing the second portion of the sample in a container for 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
44 
subsequent blood testing, and that Vilkin teaches providing an amount of Hb 
stabilizing buffer to preserve the sample, which is then quantitatively tested 
at a lab for human hemoglobin proteins. Id. at 26–28 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 169–190, 194–207; Ex. 1004, 143–45; Ex. 1005, 2519–22). 
Turning to claim 4, which depends from claim 3 and adds “wherein 
testing the nucleic acid comprises determining expression from a human 
gene,” Petitioner asserts this is taught by Lenhard in teaching testing a 
sample for methylated human DNA, which identifies expression from a 
human gene, and is also taught by Itzkowitz disclosing testing for 
methylation of the vimentin gene. Id. at 31–32 (citing Ex. 1001, 12:48–52 
(describing epigenetic modification as any alteration in DNA, e.g., resulting 
in diminished gene expression); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 208–211; Ex. 1004, 144; 
Ex. 1006, 111). 
As for claim 12, which depends from claim 4 and adds “wherein 
determining expression from the human gene comprises measuring an 
amount of RNA expressed from the human gene,” Petitioner asserts that this 
would have been obvious because Kanaoka teaches that COX-2 RNA is a 
biomarker for CRC screening providing high sensitivity and 100% 
specificity, that Kanaoka teaches such an RNA assay combined with iFOBT 
testing, and that there were known stabilizing buffers (e.g., RNAlater) for 
preserving DNA and RNA at room temperature for days, which would have 
made it obvious to add Kanaoka’s teachings to those of Lenhard, Vilkin, and 
Itzkowitz. Id. at 35–37 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 220–224; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–26, 
55–68, 76; Ex. 1024, 131). 
Claim 13 depends from claim 12 and adds “wherein measuring an 
amount of RNA expressed from the gene comprises reverse transcriptase 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
45 
polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR),” which Petitioner asserts is taught by 
Kanaoka disclosing employing RT-PCR in amplifying RNA for its assay. 
Id. at 37 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 225–226; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–25, 47–48, 59). 
Claims 14 (depending from claim 3) and 15 (depending from claim 
14) respectively, add “wherein testing for an amount of blood protein 
present in the second portion comprises testing for a concentration of 
hemoglobin in the second portion, wherein a concentration of hemoglobin is 
indicative of a presence of blood in the fecal sample” and “wherein the 
testing for the concentration of hemoglobin comprises immunochemical 
detection of hemoglobin,” which Petitioner asserts is taught by Vilkin 
because it teaches using iFOBT (which would replace Lenhard’s gFOBT 
because it is superior thereto), where the “i” in iFOBT indicates it is an 
immunochemical process that quantitatively detects hemoglobin 
concentration. Id. at 32–33 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶212–215; Ex. 1005, 2519–
22). 
Finally, as for claims 16–19, which depend from claim 14, each adds 
a threshold hemoglobin concentration indicating a positive result of 
screening, i.e., 5, 10, 20, and 50 ng/ml, and Petitioner asserts that these 
would have been obvious over the prior art combination because 
hemoglobin concentration detected is a result-effective variable that would 
have been routinely optimized by the ordinarily skilled artisan. Id. at 33–34 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 216–219). Petitioner asserts, “Vilkin explains that one 
of the advantages of its test is that it ‘allows the physician to choose the 
optimal fecal Hb threshold level that triggers a follow-up colonoscopy’” and 
“[s]uch threshold selections ‘involve an evaluation of cost-benefit.’” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1005, 2520–24; Ex. 2021, 210; Ex. 1023, 140). 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
46 
Having summarized Petitioner’s positions on the prior art 
combinations and their teaching of the claimed subject matter, we turn to 
Patent Owner’s positions in opposition. 
2. 
Patent Owner’s Positions 
We have already addressed Patent Owner’s arguments relating to 
objective indicia of non-obviousness above, concluded that they are entitled 
to little weight. We review Patent Owner’s other arguments below. 
Patent Owner takes the over-arching position (as to all of Petitioner’s 
Grounds for unpatentability) that there was no motivation, based on the 
asserted prior art combination, to perform the claimed at-home separation of 
stool sample portions into two separate containers with respective stabilizing 
buffer/solution (before analyzing those samples). Resp. 21–24 (citing 
Ex. 1006, 1; Ex. 1008, 4; Ex. 1022, 2; Ex. 2020, 148:14–22, 149:18–150:20; 
Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 119–128; Ex. 2048; Ex. 2049). Patent Owner’s rationale for 
this argument is that, at the time of the invention (i.e., 2009), the person of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood or believed that a single 
stabilizing buffer, such as a Tris-EDTA solution disclosed or taught by 
Itzkowitz (via citation to Olson, Ex. 1022) and Shuber, and also disclosed in 
Tsuji (Ex. 2049, 10–11), or a commercially available product called 
“RNAlater,” would be sufficient to stabilize and preserve both nucleic acid 
(e.g., DNA) and blood protein (e.g., hemoglobin). Resp. 21–24. Patent 
Owner’s point is that, if a single buffer solution would have preserved both 
the CRC screening targets of DNA and human blood hemoglobin, “[a]bsent 
a compelling reason,” a patient or the person of ordinary skill in the art 
would not choose a system requiring the at-home manipulation of a stool 
sample and the use of two buffer solutions. Id. (citing Ex. 2044 ¶ 128). 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
47 
Patent Owner also argues that only hindsight would have allowed the 
ordinarily skilled artisan to combine Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz. Resp. 
24–26. Patent Owner argues that it would not have been obvious to change 
Lenhard’s method (in what Patent Owner calls “multiple significant 
modifications”), which included freezing samples, so as to use un-frozen 
samples, or to do sample collection at home, or to use Vilkin’s stool 
probe/container, or to perform both blood and nucleic acid analyses. Id. 
Patent Owner cites Vilkin’s method including collecting three stool samples 
over 3 days, and the required home-refrigeration of samples before shipping 
to a lab, as issues that would make patients hesitant to adopt the technique. 
Id. at 24–26, 33–34 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1005, 2519–20, 2524; Ex. 2044 
¶¶ 83–87, 148–151). Patent Owner argues that Itzkowitz’s methods (which 
are acknowledged as providing a “sealable . . . collection kit” for patients) 
do not require sample portioning, which was preferred by patients. Id. at 26. 
Patent Owner argues that Lenhard suggests using one, not multiple 
classes of markers, and did not provide statistically significant results to 
persuade an ordinarily skilled artisan to pursue its methods. Id. at 27–29 
(citing, inter alia, Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 58–79, 131–146). Patent Owner also argues 
that the results of Vilkin and Itzkowitz did not produce sufficient sensitivity 
and specificity in screening CRC to persuade an ordinarily skilled artisan to 
adopt their methods (although, Patent Owner identifies that Vilkin reports 
“all cases of cancer and most advanced adenomas would be detected and a 
negative test would provide a very high degree of certainty,” and calls 
Itzkowitz’s DNA assay an “optimal combination [that] detected most 
cancers”). Id. at 30–31. And, Patent Owner calls the endeavor to use 
multiple markers for CRC screening “highly unpredictable.” Id. at 31. 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
48 
Patent Owner argues that the prior art’s disclosed reduction in specificity 
would have actually discouraged its combination. Id. at 31–32. Finally, 
Patent Owner argues that a method based on combining Lenhard, Vilkin, 
and Itzkowitz would add complexity, which would not have motivated an 
ordinarily skilled artisan to pursue the combination. Id. at 35–36 (citing, 
inter alia, Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 147–159). 
Regarding the combination of Lenhard, Vilkin, Itzkowitz, and 
Kanaoka, Patent Owner argues that Kanaoka requires freezing of the sample, 
which is expressly not a part of the claimed invention. Resp. 47, 49 (citing 
Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 57, 65; Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 98–100, 179–193). Patent Owner also 
argues that, according to Kanaoka, combining iFOBT testing and RNA 
testing results in only marginally improved results (one additional positive 
test), and potentially some erroneous tests (false positives with iFOBT), 
which would not have motivated the ordinarily skilled artisan to add 
Kanaoka to the prior art combination. Id. at 48 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 65–67; 
Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 183–184). And, Patent Owner argues that Kanaoka suggests 
RNA is too unstable and difficult to preserve to have been a good candidate 
for CRC screening based on an at-home sample collection. Id. at 49–50 
(citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 8–9, 11; Ex. 1024, 125, 131 (Patent Owner discounts 
Nechvatal’s disclosure of RNA preservative and screening potential); 
Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 188–191, 199). Finally, Patent Owner argues that Nechtaval 
(Ex. 1024) reports that the product RNAlater can preserve both RNA and 
protein (e.g., hemoglobin); thus, if Kanaoka were considered, an ordinarily 
skilled artisan would have seen no reason for the sample-portioning of the 
claims. Id. at 51 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 175–193). 
Below, we analyze these arguments in the context of the record. 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
49 
3. 
Analysis 
As explained further below, we conclude that Petitioner has shown 
that the combination of Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz teaches or suggests 
the invention of challenged claims 3, 4, and 14–19, and that this prior art 
combination, with the addition of Kanaoka, teaches and suggests the 
invention of claims 12 and 13. Furthermore, we agree with Petitioner that 
the person of ordinary skill in the art would have combined these references’ 
teachings with a reasonable expectation of success. We adopt Petitioner’s 
arguments and evidence as to claims 3, 4, and 12–19 under Grounds 1 and 2. 
See supra Section II.F.1 (review of Petitioner’s assertions regarding 
dependent claims). We are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s arguments in 
opposition, which we also address below. 
It is worth first noting that the ’746 patent states that, as of its 
invention, CRC screening using iFOBT tests and DNA tests (including DNA 
methylation) was not new––these techniques were known, individually, as 
alternatives to colonoscopy. Ex. 1001, 1:56–3:22 (the ’746 patent’s 
Background Section calling fecal occult blood testing “commonly used” and 
DNA testing a “[r]ecent development[],” but identifying more than one 
commercial product available for such tests). The’746 patent, however, 
foundationally describes its invention as CRC screening by testing for both 
the presence of blood and for an epigenetic DNA modification in a fecal 
sample (as a non-invasive alternative to colonoscopy). Id. at 4:3–16 
(Summary of the Invention), 6:50–7:12; see also id. at claims 1 and 3. And, 
the ’746 patent foundationally describes that this combination of tests is an 
innovation because, “[a]lthough combined assays for detecting CRC ha[d] 
been described, their approach targets either multiple protein markers or 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
50 
either multiple DNA alterations,” and “[t]o date, immunochemical tests and 
DNA tests for CRC detection have been evaluated and compared on a 
separate basis only.” Id. at 3:41–45. However, on this record, it is apparent 
that this statement in the ’746 patent is not entirely correct. 
Combined blood tests and DNA tests for screening for CRC were 
known, as these two types of CRC screening tests (blood and DNA) were 
disclosed as performed on the same fecal samples, and FOBT and DNA (or 
RNA) tests were disclosed in the prior art as complementary to one another 
(or at least suggested to be so) for CRC screening, several times. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1004; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 55–68 (Example 1); Ex. 1011, 112; Ex. 1012, 33 
(Abstr.); Ex. 1013, 1571, 1578; Ex. 1043; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 33 n.6, 50 
n.9, 63–66, 100 (identifying the existence of combined DNA analysis and 
occult blood testing as of priority date). This, alone, does not prove 
Petitioner’s challenges, but it does provide context for Petitioner’s 
arguments and evidence, and for the alleged invention. 
Petitioner’s evidence shows that, before the priority date of the 
challenged claims, CRC screening by processing two portions of a human 
fecal sample to detect the presence of blood and epigenetically modified 
DNA (isolated, bisulfite-treated, purified, and PCR-amplified) was taught by 
Lenhard, which disclosed that a combined gFOBT+hypermethylated HIC1 
detection method worked well to detect CRCs; and “[t]he combination of 
both assays resulted in increased detection rates for CRCs.” Ex. 1004, 142–
43, 145–48; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 113–119, 144–148, 150, 153–155, 158, 
163–165, 171–172, 174, 179, 187, 200–201, 210 (discussing Lenhard). 
Other possible genetic markers for CRC were also identified by Lenhard; 
e.g., hypermethylation at SFRP2, SFRP5, PGR, hMLH1, and HPP1, or other 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
51 
methylation markers, possibly used in combination with one another. 
Ex. 1004, 143, 148. Thus, Lenhard teaches a fecal screening test for CRCs 
utilizing combined blood and nucleic acid assays on a respectively dual-
portioned sample, but Lenhard is not the only incidence or suggestion of 
such in the prior art of record. 
In 2001, Nishikawa disclosed a CRC screening method using DNA 
extracted from stool to detect mutations that may identify cancer, compared 
it to FOBT screening of the sample, and concluded that the DNA testing was 
“highly specific, noninvasive, and cost-effective, and should provide a more 
sensitive and specific tool for mass screening of colorectal cancer than is 
currently available, especially if used in combination with fecal occult 
blood testing.” Ex. 1011, 107–08, 112 (emphasis added). Thus, Nishikawa 
teaches the combined assay technique. 
In 2005, Kutzner disclosed that a combined FOBT and genetic screen 
(called “molecular diagnosis (MD)”) for target DNA alterations was 
effective to screen for CRC and “[t]he combined application of the two 
methods together led to a significantly higher sensitivity than the 
application of any of the methods alone,” and “suggest[ed] that MD and 
FOBT should complement rather than replace each other.” Ex. 1012, 33–
37, 40 (emphasis added). Thus, Kutzner teaches the combined technique. 
And, in 2008, Levin disclosed that the “range of options for CRC 
screening” included “2 general categories: stool tests, which include tests for 
occult blood or exfoliated DNA,” such as guaiac-based fecal occult blood 
tests and fecal immunological tests (respectively, gFOBT and FIT), and 
structural exams, which include, inter alia, “colonoscopy (CSPY),” and 
further disclosed that “[t]hese tests may be used alone or in combination,” 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
52 
that “[c]ollection kits [for FOBT and DNA testing] ha[d] been designed to 
facilitate specimen collection and mailing and to enhance compliance,” and 
reported that data showed “combined results from a standard gFOBT and a 
panel of DNA markers (APC, BAT26, and L-DNA) resulted in a combined 
sensitivity for cancer of 93% and specificity of 89%.” Ex. 1013, 1570–78 
(emphasis added). Thus, Levin teaches the combined assay technique. 
None of Nishikawa, Levin, or Kutzner is directly asserted here by 
Petitioner against the claims as prior art, but each supports Petitioner’s 
position, as explained by Petitioner’s declarant, that, before the priority date 
of the ’746 patent, there was nothing new or non-obvious about screening 
for CRC by detecting both blood and DNA markers in a respectively 
portioned fecal sample, as taught by Lenhard. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 33, 50, 54, 
61, 63–66, 100, 233, 235–236 (discussing Nishikawa, Levin, and Kutzner). 
As noted above, Lenhard disclosed the detection of blood in fecal 
samples using gFOBT (a blue color reaction indicated a positive result) in a 
portion of a fecal sample separated from another portion. Ex. 1004. Vilkin, 
which is also focused on non-invasive CRC screening, teaches that, as of 
2005, there was a better test for blood in fecal samples––iFOBT 
(immunochemical detection of Hb). Ex. 1005, 2519. 
Vilkin discloses that it was known that gFOBT had “low sensitivity 
for . . . CRC . . . and low specificity due to nonspecificity for human 
hemoglobin”; it required “diet restrictions” as well. Id. Vilkin explains that 
the iFOBT screen overcame these drawbacks and also offered quantitative 
results whereby a threshold could be set for colonoscopy. Id. Moreover, of 
some relevance in this proceeding, in particular, Vilkin discloses that its 
iFOBT screening utilized a commercially available product and system 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
53 
composed of a sample probe and storage tube (with an Hb stabilizing buffer) 
for patient sample collection and shipping to a lab (unfrozen), and an 
automated counter-top iFOBT analysis instrument called the Eiken “OC-
Sensor,” already of use in Japan, Italy, and Uruguay (other automated 
systems, e.g., “InSure” and “Magstream,” were used, at least investigatively, 
in the United States, Australia, Japan, France and/or Hong Kong). Id. at 
2520, 2524–25. 
Petitioner combines Vilkin’s teachings with Lenhard’s for this subject 
matter, substituting Lenhard’s gFOBT screen with Vilkin’s better iFOBT 
screen, and with it Vilkin’s associated sampling device (tube and probe) for 
portioning (at the patient’s home), storing, and preserving in an Hb 
stabilizing buffer, the fecal sample portion to be so tested, which did not 
require freezing, but only needed refrigeration until its return to a lab for 
testing. Id. at 2520. With such a modification to Lenhard’s methods and 
materials, much of the required steps of claim 3 are taught and obvious (i.e., 
subject matter of claim 1 requiring at-home sample collection, portioning, 
use of a blood protein stabilizer, and a sealed vessel; and claim 3’s testing 
for blood protein using that sample). 
Petitioner’s position on why an ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
combined Vilkin with Lenhard is persuasive. 
First, the two references are focused on (noninvasive) CRC screening 
and use a stool-blood-assay to do it, so they are from the same field of 
endeavor and pertinent to the problems of the ’746 patent’s invention; thus, 
they are analogous art and properly combinable to establish obviousness. In 
re Bigio, 381 F.3d 1320, 1325 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (“Two separate tests define 
the scope of analogous prior art: (1) whether the art is from the same field of 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
54 
endeavor, regardless of the problem addressed and, (2) if the reference is not 
within the field of the inventor's endeavor, whether the reference still is 
reasonably pertinent to the particular problem with which the inventor is 
involved.”). 
Moreover, Vilkin identifies Lenhard’s gFOBT as inferior to its own 
iFOBT because: (1) iFOBT was specific for human Hb; (2) had sufficient 
(acceptable) specificity, better and quantitative sensitivity; (3) used a 
convenient, available, and self-contained sampling device (with included Hb 
stabilizing buffer); (4) did not require sample freezing (used refrigeration) 
and the sample was stable for weeks; (5) used a known and commercially 
available automated desktop analyzer; (6) samples could be collected at 
home; and (7) iFOBT overcame the need for dietary restrictions of gFOBT. 
See generally Ex. 1005. We find these to be very good reasons, with 
rational underpinning, why the ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
modified Lenhard’s respective methods and materials to use those of Vilkin, 
with a reasonable expectation of success.19 See, e.g., Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 144–158, 
165–168 (discussing reasons to combine Vilkin and Lenhard). 
As noted above, Lenhard teaches screening of epigenetically modified 
nucleic acids (i.e., a DNA assay), but does not mention sample-preserving 
with a stabilizing buffer. For this, Petitioner points to the teachings of 
Itzkowitz, which discloses that the immediate addition of a DNA 
preservation buffer to a fecal sample is advantageous because it prevents 
sample degradation for several days, even at room temperature, and allows 
 
19 We note that Vilkin also expresses a need for an improved and more 
convenient, at-home, toilet-based stool-collecting and sample storage device 
or system to improve upon a zip-lock bag system. Ex. 1005, 2524. As 
discussed below, Itzkowitz meets this need. 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
55 
higher screening sensitivity––better for detecting cancer––and the test had “a 
very high degree of patient satisfaction.” Ex. 1006, 111–17. Moreover, the 
patients providing samples in Itzkowitz’s procedures were given “a special 
stool collection kit for mounting to a toilet,” where the buffer was 
immediately added to the collected sample, and then the samples were 
“shipped at room temperature overnight” to a clinical lab. Id. at 112. 
Similar to Vilkin, Itzkowitz’s procedures suggest collecting specimens at 
home directly in the same sealable container in which the sample (one 
portion) is shipped. 
By modifying Lenhard’s methods and materials to add Itzkowitz’s 
nucleic acid preserving buffer, and collection materials and techniques, all 
steps and elements of claim 1 are addressed in the prior art. Moreover, 
simply performing the intended assays, using standard techniques, as 
disclosed by these references, teaches the steps and elements of claim 3. 
And, like Vilkin, Itzkowitz is from the same field of endeavor 
(noninvasive CRC screening) as Lenhard (and the ’746 patent) and 
addresses problems pertinent to the invention of the ’746 patent, namely 
CRC screening using DNA analysis, thus the references are analogous art. 
In re Bigio, 381 F.3d at 1325. Moreover, the prospect of convenient at-
home sample collection, predictable sample preservation using a known 
buffer, and improved results, as taught and suggested by Itzkowitz, are good 
reasons (with rational underpinning) for the ordinarily skilled artisan to have 
combined Itzkowitz with Lenhard (and Vilkin), with a reasonable 
expectation of success. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 144, 154–168 (discussing reasons 
to combine Itzkowitz with Lenhard). 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
56 
Turning to Kanaoka, like Vilkin and Itzkowitz, it is also focused on 
CRC screening using non-invasive testing (assaying for nucleic acids in the 
form of RNA rather than DNA). Thus, it is also analogous art. In re Bigio, 
381 F.3d at 1325. Further, Kanaoka teaches that the use of RNA markers, 
such as COX-2 RNA, is another useful way in addition to DNA assays and 
FOBT to detect CRC, which potentially provides higher detection sensitivity 
and specificity, while requiring smaller samples. Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 2–8, 21, 65–
66, 76. Thus, we agree with Petitioner that the ordinarily skilled artisan 
would have had a reason to combine Kanaoka with Lenhard, Vilkin, and 
Itzkowitz, with a reasonable expectation of success. Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 220–223 
(discussing reasons for adding Kanaoka to the prior art combination). 
Having found that the record strongly supports that the asserted prior 
art would have been combined by the ordinarily skilled artisan, as asserted 
by Petitioner, we also find that the combination of Lenhard, Vilkin, and 
Itzkowitz teaches or suggests each step and element of claims 3, 4, and 14–
19, and that the addition to this prior art combination of the subject matter 
taught by Kanaoka teaches or suggests the subject matter of claims 12 and 
13. See Pet. 19–37; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 169–226. We agree with and adopt 
Petitioner’s reasoning and assertions of fact on this as our own. See supra 
Section II.F.1 and above-cited portions of the Petition. 
Petitioner accounts for all claim elements of the challenged claims as 
taught or suggested by the prior art combination(s). To summarize, as 
asserted by Petitioner, in combination, Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz teach 
a method of (and the materials for) CRC screening where a patient collects a 
fecal sample at home using a special stool collection kit mounted to a toilet, 
divides that sample into a first portion for iFOBT assay using a storage tube 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
57 
and probe device and a second portion for DNA marker assay, sealing each 
portion in a respective vessel with a stabilizing buffer/solution, and shipping 
the sample to a lab, all without freezing the sample. See Exs. 1004–1006. 
Then, the lab, using respective sample portions, conducts a quantitative 
iFOBT test to detect an Hb concentration and extracts DNA and assays for 
epigenetic markers (e.g., methylated genes/promoters) indicative of cancer–
–this is the method of claims 3, 4, 14, and 15. Id. And, as asserted by 
Petitioner, the thresholds for Hb concentrations recited by claims 16–19 are 
result-effective variables and would have been routinely optimizable by and 
obvious to an ordinarily skilled artisan. Finally, adding Kanaoka to the prior 
art combination, as asserted by Petitioner, adds a COX-2 RNA assay to the 
CRC screening, where the RNA is provided for assay using, inter alia, RT-
PCR amplification––this is the method of claims 12 and 13. 
As noted above in our summary of Patent Owner’s positions, Patent 
Owner does not argue that any step or element of the claims is missing from 
the combined prior art, but argues that the combination(s) would not have 
been made, that Petitioner’s asserted way of combining the prior art to 
achieve the invention requires improper hindsight, and that the invention 
was non-obvious because there was a more preferred way of preserving a 
fecal sample. 
We have already discussed above that Patent Owner’s arguments over 
objective indicia of non-obviousness are not persuasive. See supra Section 
II.E. We now address Patent Owner’s other arguments. 
Contrary to Patent Owner’s arguments, we find no unreasonable 
“picking and choosing” in Petitioner’s citations to the teachings of Vilkin 
and Itzkowitz because the subject matter they disclose, and that would be 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
58 
incorporated into the methods of Lenhard, is straightforward and is a 
substantial focus of each reference rather than a mere component that might 
be selected from a number of options. See Ex. 1005; Ex. 1006. Therefore, 
we move on to Patent Owner’s other arguments. 
Patent Owner’s argument that the ordinarily skilled artisan would 
have looked to a single preservative buffer for a fecal sample and, thus, 
would not have been steered toward the at-home portioning and respective 
stabilizing solutions/buffers of the claims (or of a combination of Lenhard, 
Vilkin, and Itzkowitz), in the abstract, makes sense. However, upon 
consideration of both parties’ arguments and the evidence of record, we are 
not persuaded by Patent Owner’s position. 
Based on the record, it appears that it may have been possible to use a 
single buffer solution to preserve both hemoglobin and DNA for shipping a 
fecal sample without freezing it––that buffer potentially being a solution of 
Tris-EDTA (and likely also a salt) or a commercial product called RNAlater. 
This is supported by the disclosure of Itzkowitz, which cites Olson, which 
teaches that “a DNA-stabilizing buffer” can be “0.5 mol/L Tris, 0.15 mol/L 
EDTA and 10 mmol/L NaCl.” Ex. 1006, 112, 117 (citing Olson); Ex. 1022, 
184. It is also supported by the disclosure of Tsuji, which teaches that a 
buffer solution for human hemoglobin containing fecal matter can include, 
inter alia, “Tris-HCl buffer,” and may also include a salt and EDTA. 
Ex. 2049 ¶¶ 9–11. This is further supported by the disclosure of the product 
RNAlater, which appears to be a commercial product for preserving both 
RNA (nucleic acids) and proteins (hemoglobin is a protein). Ex. 2048. This 
evidence supports that a single-preservative-buffer solution may have been 
possible and obvious for the asserted purpose. However, the obviousness of 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
59 
a single-preservative-buffer solution does not mean that the two-portion and 
respective preservative-buffers taught by the asserted prior art was not also 
obvious. 
In analyzing whether there existed a reason to combine prior art, as 
asserted here, we must consider “the so-called ‘known technique’ rationale,” 
where “if there’s a known technique to address a known problem using 
‘prior art elements according to their established functions,’ then there is a 
motivation to combine,” because KSR explains that ‘“if a technique has been 
used to improve one device, and a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
recognize that it would improve similar devices in the same way, using the 
technique is obvious unless its actual application is beyond his or her skill.”’ 
Intel, 61 F.4th at 1380 (quoting KSR, 550 U.S. at 417; and Intel, 21 F.4th at). 
It is clear on this record that what could be called “off the shelf” 
techniques and materials taught by Vilkin and Itzkowitz were techniques and 
materials used to improve non-invasive CRC screening and that they were, 
based on their and Lenhard’s teachings, readily available and within the skill 
or an ordinarily skilled artisan to combine them. 
If addressing a known problem, like the need to improve non-invasive 
CRC screening in these circumstances, the prior art combination need not be 
“the best option, only . . . a suitable option.” Id. (quoting Intel, 21 F.4th at 
800 (emphasis original)). Simply using the available techniques and 
materials of Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz, as the references 
straightforwardly instruct, would have been a suitable option for the person 
of ordinary skill in the art to improve non-invasive CRC screening (e.g., an 
alternative or supplement to colonoscopy). Perhaps it would not have been 
the “best” option because, potentially, a technique could have been 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
60 
developed where the patient need not manipulate their fecal sample to 
portion it, but the law of obviousness does not require an option to be the 
best option to be obvious. For these reasons, bearing in mind that the 
ultimate burden here is always on Petitioner, we are not persuaded by Patent 
Owner’s argument. 
We also reject Patent Owner’s argument that only impermissible 
hindsight would have led the ordinarily skilled artisan to this asserted prior 
art combination. Of course, “[i]t is impermissible . . . simply to engage in a 
hindsight reconstruction of the claimed invention, using the [challenged 
patent’s] structure as a template and selecting elements from references to 
fill the gaps.” In re Gorman, 933 F.2d 982, 987 (Fed. Cir. 1991). But, 
where a skilled artisan would pursue “known options” from “a finite number 
of identified, predictable solutions,” the resulting invention is obvious. KSR, 
550 U.S. at 421. “Any judgment on obviousness is in a sense necessarily a 
reconstruction based upon hindsight reasoning, but so long as it takes into 
account only knowledge which was within the level of ordinary skill at the 
time the claimed invention was made and does not include knowledge 
gleaned only from applicant’s disclosure, such a reconstruction is proper.” 
In re McLaughlin, 443 F.2d 1392, 1395 (CCPA 1971). Such is the case here 
because Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz (and Kanaoka) disclose the claimed 
steps and elements to have been advantageously used for the same purposes 
as the invention; no improper hindsight reconstruction was required. 
As to Patent Owner’s arguments regarding the references teaching 
using one versus several markers for CRC, whether the references’ 
established improvements warranting their adoption and combination, the 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
61 
alleged unpredictability of the field, and the skilled artisan’s desire not to 
add complexity to existing techniques, we find them unavailing. 
Lenhard indicated its detection method was “sensitive and specific” 
and “well suited for stool-based CRC screening” and that adding more 
markers could “allow for the highly sensitive and specific stool-based 
detection of CRCs and adenomas.” Ex. 1004, 148. Moreover, Vilkin 
teaches that, by using its improved iFOBT method, one of ordinary skill can 
achieve a high sensitivity of 76.5% and an acceptable specificity of 95.3%. 
Ex. 1005, 2523. Finally, Itzkowitz explains that the improvements in 
sensitivity offered by its methods came “at the expense of a relatively minor 
decrease in specificity.” Ex. 1006, 116. The prior art here is clear as to the 
advantages, capabilities (and improvements), and expected results of the 
respective techniques. The prior art asserted here also addresses Patent 
Owner’s identified concerns as acceptable minor detractors from the 
advantages of their methods. See Medichem S.A. v. Rolabo S.L., 437 F.3d 
1157, 1165 (Fed. Cir. 2006) (“The fact that the motivating benefit comes at 
the expense of another benefit, however, should not nullify its use as a basis 
to modify the disclosure of one reference with the teachings of another. 
Instead, the benefits, both lost and gained, should be weighed against one 
another.”). Furthermore, “[t]hat a given combination would not be made by 
businessmen for economic reasons does not mean that persons skilled in the 
art would not make the combination because of some technological 
incompatibility. Only the latter fact would be relevant.” In re Farrenkopf, 
713 F.2d 714, 718 (Fed. Cir. 1983) (citing Orthopedic Equip. Co. v. United 
States, 702 F.2d 1005, 1013 (Fed. Cir. 1983)). 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
62 
As for Patent Owner’s arguments concerning Kanaoka, e.g., that it 
requires freezing of a sample and that the results were not good enough to 
entice its combination with the other prior art, we are not persuaded. 
First, Kanaoka is explicit that, in its methods, “biological samples . . . 
can be used as they are, or, in some cases, after frozen.” Ex. 1007 ¶ 41. 
Freezing may be useful, but it is not required––in this context, “as they are” 
means unfrozen. And, adding another biomarker to the Lenhard-Vilkin-
Itzkowitz combined teachings,20 specifically COX-2 RNA, would have been 
attractive to the ordinarily skilled artisan because Kanaoka discloses that its 
process works (high sensitivity and specificity) and also that a COX-2 assay 
could be effectively combined with iFOBT in a complementary way (each 
detecting certain CRC the other may not). Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 220–223; Ex. 1007 
¶¶ 55–68. Moreover, Kanaoka states that “the detection of COX-2 from the 
feces by the RT-PCR technique had 90% sensitivity and 100% specificity, 
and it is proved that the present invention is superior to a conventional 
technique of the immunological fecal occult blood test,” which suggests 
using such a technique with the methods of the other asserted prior art. 
Ex. 1007 ¶ 75. Thus, the technique worked and had advantages, which 
supports Petitioner’s allegation that one of skill in the art would have been 
motivated to combine Kanaoka’s teachings with the other asserted prior art. 
4. 
Summary and Conclusions 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 3, 
 
20 Lenhard (Ex. 1004, 143, 147–48) suggests using other biomarkers (e.g., 
SFRP2, SFRP5, PGR were known) in addition to methylated HIC1, and 
Itzkowitz (Ex. 1006) teaches targeting two genetic biomarkers––e.g., “DY” 
and vimentin. 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
63 
4, and 14–19 are unpatentable as obvious over Lenhard, Vilkin, and 
Itzkowitz, and that claims 12 and 13 are unpatentable as obvious over this 
same prior art combination adding Kanaoka. 
G. 
OBVIOUSNESS OVER SHUBER AND VILKIN, AND ALSO COMBINED WITH 
KANAOKA (GROUNDS 3 AND 4) 
We conclude above that all claims have been proven unpatentable by 
a preponderance of the evidence under Grounds 1 and 2, but for 
completeness, we review and analyze Petitioner’s Grounds 3 and 4 below. 
Petitioner contends, under Ground 3, that claims 3, 4, and 14–19 
would have been obvious over Shuber and Vilkin. Pet. 12, 37–48 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 227–271; Ex. 1004, 143, 147; Ex. 1005; Ex. 1008; Ex. 1011, 
112; Ex. 1012, 34; Ex. 1013, 1578; Ex. 1033, 20–33). Petitioner also 
asserts, under Ground 4, that claims 12 and 13 would have been obvious 
over Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka. Pet. 39–49 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 272–277; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–25, 47–49, 59). The teachings of Vilkin and 
Kanaoka are cited and asserted by Petitioner here similarly to Grounds 1 and 
2. See supra Section II.F.1; see also supra Section II.D (discussing these 
references). 
Patent Owner opposes Petitioner’s challenges. Resp. 21–24, 37–45, 
47–51 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1001, 45:59–61, 45:63–67, 46:56–57; 
Ex. 1003, 3; Ex. 1004; Ex. 1005; Ex. 1008; Ex. 1011; Ex. 1012; Ex. 1013; 
Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 58–87, 109, 131–140, 147–159, 160–176). Some of Patent 
Owner’s opposition to Petitioner’s Grounds 3 and 4 is generic to all 
Grounds, has been addressed above as not sufficient to overcome 
Petitioner’s strong showing of obviousness, and will not be revisited in 
detail here. 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
64 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented by the 
parties, we determine that Petitioner has shown that the challenged claims 
would have been unpatentable as obvious over the cited references. We 
explain below. 
1. 
Petitioner’s Positions 
Vilkin is asserted and cited by Petitioner under Grounds 3 and 4 in 
much the same way it is asserted and cited under Grounds 1 and 2; that is, 
for teaching that iFOBT is an effective and attractive CRC screening test 
that can utilize essentially off-the-shelf products (the sampling probe and 
sealable tube with preservative buffer solution and counter-top analyzer 
called the OC-Sensor). Pet. 38 (citing Ex. 1005, 2520–21). 
Petitioner asserts that Shuber teaches fecal DNA analysis for CRC 
screening, where a sample is deposited in a sealable container, with a nucleic 
acid stabilizing solution, and shipped to a testing center for nucleic acid 
assay (a hypermethylation assay), at no point requiring freezing. Id. at 38 
(citing Ex. 1008, 7:12, 7:19–21, 10:12–14, 29:8–19). Petitioner’s positions 
on Vilkin are already discussed above and apply here. Petitioner asserts that 
the person of ordinary skill in the art would have combined Shuber’s and 
Vilkin’s teachings with a reasonable expectation of success because, as of 
the ’746 patent’s priority date, it was already well understood that a fecal 
DNA assay and a fecal occult blood test could be used together for non-
invasive CRC screening in a complementary fashion. Id. at 38–40 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 233–236; Ex. 1004; Exs. 1011–1013). 
Based on the combined teachings of Shuber and Vilkin, Petitioner 
asserts that an ordinarily skilled artisan would have found it obvious to have 
a patient collect a fecal sample at home and separate it into two portions to 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
65 
be sealed in respective vessels with respective nucleic acid (DNA) and 
hemoglobin stabilizing buffers/solutions for shipping to a laboratory for 
DNA and iFOBT assays, at no point freezing the sample, all with a 
reasonable expectation of success. Id. at 40–41 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 232–
238; Ex. 1005, 2020; Ex. 1008, 10:10–15, 29:8–19). 
As for adding Kanaoka to this prior art combination, Petitioner’s 
rationale is essentially the same as set forth under Ground 2; that is, 
Kanaoka teaches an additional and complementary CRC screen using RNA 
markers. Pet. 48–49 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 272–276); see supra 
Section II.F.1. 
After addressing the reasons the ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
had for combining the asserted prior art, Petitioner maps the references’ 
disclosures to the limitations of the challenged claims 3, 4, and 12–19. 
Petitioner asserts that claim 3, which depends from claim 1, would 
have been obvious over Shuber and Vilkin because each reference teaches 
using freshly-collected (not-frozen) fecal samples, and suggest doing so at 
home before shipping to a lab. Pet 41–42 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 240–246; 
Ex. 1005, 2520; Ex. 1008, 7:10–12, 29:8–19). Petitioner asserts that Shuber 
teaches that a portion of the sample is sealed in a container with nucleic acid 
stabilizing solution to later be lab-tested by DNA assay, e.g., for 
hypermethylation, that Vilkin teaches that a portion of such a sample is 
extracted and sealed in a tube with a hemoglobin stabilizing buffer to later 
be lab-tested by iFOBT, and that the sealed samples are shipped to a lab and 
then quantitatively tested in these ways. Id. at 42–43 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 247–250, 255–262; Ex. 1005, 2519–22; Ex. 1008, 7:19–21, 10:10–15, 
15:18–16:17, 29:8–19). 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
66 
Petitioner asserts that the DNA testing (detecting methylated human 
genes) disclosed in Shuber is an assay determining expression from a human 
gene, which teaches the subject matter of claim 4. Pet. 46–47 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 263–265; Ex. 1008, 14:1–5). 
As for claim 12, which depends from claim 4 and adds “wherein 
determining expression from the human gene comprises measuring an 
amount of RNA expressed from the human gene,” Petitioner asserts that this 
would have been obvious because Kanaoka teaches that COX-2 RNA is a 
biomarker for CRC screening providing high sensitivity and 100% 
specificity, that Kanaoka teaches such an RNA assay can be combined with 
iFOBT testing, and that there were known stabilizing buffers (e.g., 
RNAlater) for preserving DNA and RNA at room temperature for days, 
which would have made it obvious to add Kanaoka’s teachings to those of 
Shuber and Vilkin. Id. at 48–48 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 272–276). 
Claim 13 depends from claim 12 and adds “wherein measuring an 
amount of RNA expressed from the gene comprises reverse transcriptase 
polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR),” which Petitioner asserts it taught by 
Kanaoka disclosing employing RT-PCR in amplifying RNA for its assay. 
Id. at 37 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 277; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–25, 47–48, 59). 
Claims 14 (depending from claim 3) and 15 (depending from claim 
14) respectively add “wherein testing for an amount of blood protein present 
in the second portion comprises testing for a concentration of hemoglobin in 
the second portion, wherein a concentration of hemoglobin is indicative of a 
presence of blood in the fecal sample,” and “wherein the testing for the 
concentration of hemoglobin comprises immunochemical detection of 
hemoglobin,” which Petitioner again asserts are taught by Vilkin because the 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
67 
reference teaches using quantitative iFOBT, where the “i” indicates it is an 
immunochemical process that quantitatively detects hemoglobin 
concentration. Id. at 47 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 266–267; Ex. 1005, 2519–22). 
As for claims 16–19, which depend from claim 14 and add threshold 
hemoglobin concentrations that indicate a positive screening result, i.e., 5, 
10, 20, and 50 ng/ml, Petitioner again asserts that these would each have 
been obvious over the prior art combination because detected hemoglobin 
concentration is a result-effective variable that would have been routinely 
optimized by the ordinarily skilled artisan. Id. at 47–48 (citing, inter alia, 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 268–271). 
Having summarized Petitioner’s positions on the prior art 
combinations and their teaching of the claimed subject matter, we turn to 
Patent Owner’s positions in opposition. 
2. 
Patent Owner’s Positions 
We will not review Patent Owner’s over-arching arguments over a 
general lack of motivation to combine the prior art and objective indicia of 
non-obviousness, as they are already addressed above and the same 
conclusions apply here. They are not persuasive on this record. See supra 
Sections II.E and II.F.3. 
Patent Owner argues that, without hindsight, there was no motivation 
for the ordinarily skilled artisan to have combined Shuber and Vilkin, 
pointing out that Shuber merely suggests combining different nucleic acid 
assays rather than combining a nucleic acid assay with some other test.21 
 
21 Patent Owner points out that the Shuber inventors were employed by 
Exact Sciences and that Petitioner’s witness, Dr. Whitney, was one of these 
inventors. Resp. 37. Thus, Shuber appears to represent Patent Owner’s own 
efforts toward developing a non-invasive CRC screening test. 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
68 
Resp. 37–38 (citing Ex. 1008, 28; Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 160–176). Patent Owner also 
argues that Shuber is silent about sample collection at home and Vilkin 
requires collecting three samples over three days––neither reference 
suggesting separating a sample into two portions. Id. at 39–43, 44 (citing, 
inter alia, Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 80–87, 147–151, 164–166). Based on this, Patent 
Owner argues that the prior art does not teach separating a stool sample at 
home, into two portions, sealed in respective containers, as required by the 
claims. Id. at 39. 
Patent Owner argues that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have had 
no motivation to combine Vilkin and Shuber, arguing that adding Vilkin’s 
test would not improve Shuber’s test’s sensitivity, which was already ~98% 
for detecting adenomas. Id. at 39–43 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1008, 14; 
Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 109, 153–157, 160–175). On this point, Patent Owner also 
argues that Nishikawa, Lenhard, Kutzner, and Levin (evidence Petitioner 
cites as supporting reasons the person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
considered combining a fecal blood and DNA test for CRC screening) are 
speculative and actually support the tests being used individually. Id. at 40– 
(citing Ex. 1004; Ex. 1011; Ex. 1012; Ex. 1013; Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 58–79, 134–
140, 169–176). 
Patent Owner also renews arguments (as argued over Ground 1) that 
the complexity (and cost) of combining a nucleic acid and FOBT test would 
have discouraged the ordinarily skilled artisan from combining the prior art 
as asserted by Petitioner. Id. at 44–45 (citing Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 131–139, 152–
159, 161–176). Patent Owner argues that the ordinarily skilled artisan 
would have chosen to use just a single class of marker and just one type of 
testing. Id. 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
69 
As for the addition of Kanaoka’s teachings, Patent Owner’s arguments 
are exactly the same for Petitioner’s Ground 4 as they were for Ground 2. 
Resp. 47–51. We have already discussed these arguments above. See supra 
Section II.F.3. 
3. 
Analysis 
We have considered the parties’ arguments and evidence and discuss 
critical aspects below. We agree with Petitioner’s positions and adopt 
Petitioner’s rationale as our own. We do not find Patent Owner’s arguments 
sufficient to undermine Petitioner’s more persuasive evidence and reasoning. 
Petitioner asserts that the combination of Shuber and Vilkin teaches 
each limitation of claims 3, 4, and 14–19 and that it would have been 
obvious for a POSA to combine the fecal DNA assay of Shuber with the 
iFOBT assay of Vilkin to arrive at the claimed methods with a reasonable 
expectation of success. Pet. 41–48. Petitioner also asserts that Kanaoka 
further teaches the limitations of claims 12 and 13 and that a POSA would 
have had a reason to combine Kanaoka’s RNA detection assay with Shuber 
and Vilkin for the same reasons discussed above. Pet. 48–49; see supra 
Section II.F. We agree. 
When combined, Shuber and Vilkin and, where necessary, also 
Kanaoka, teach or suggest each step and element of claims 3, 4, and 12–19. 
As discussed above, Shuber and Vilkin together teach processing “freshly-
collected” and not-frozen fecal matter by collecting it “at home,” by 
defecation into a sealable vessel, removing a portion of the sample and 
combining it with a buffer (in another sealable container) to preserve blood 
proteins, and combining the other portion of the sample with a stabilizing 
buffer (later claimed to preserve nucleic acids, e.g., DNA or RNA), to then 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
70 
detect blood proteins and/or target epigenetically modified DNA (or RNA), 
to detect colorectal cancer (CRC). See Ex. 1001, 45:21–47:4. Kanaoka 
would have been combined with Shuber and Vilkin just as it would have 
been combined with Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz, and the resultant 
teachings would be essentially the same. See supra Section II.F. 
Unlike Lenhard, Shuber does not expressly combine FOBT and 
nucleic acid tests or suggest that combining the tests may result in increased 
sensitivity of detecting CRC. Petitioner relies on the statements discussed 
above in Lenhard—along with the similar teachings of Nishikawa, Kutzner, 
and Levin—to argue that the benefits of combining stool DNA and blood 
protein assays were well understood in and suggested by the prior art. 
Pet. 37–41 (citing, e.g., Ex. 1004, 143, 147, Table 4; Ex. 1011, 112; 
Ex. 1012, 34, 40; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 227–239). Petitioner asserts that successfully 
combining the assays of Shuber and Vilkin “requires no more tha[n] the use 
of routine methods to perform [] a pair of well-established assays on 
separate portions of a fecal sample.” Id. at 41 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 238). 
“[E]vidence of a motivation to combine need not be found in the prior 
art references themselves, but rather may be found in ‘the knowledge of one 
of ordinary skill in the art.” Dystar Textilfarben Gmbh & Co. Deutschland 
KG v. C.H. Patrick Co., 464 F.3d 1356, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 2006). And, an 
obviousness “analysis ‘need not seek out precise teachings directed to the 
specific subject matter of the challenged claim, [to] take account of the 
inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in the art would 
employ.”’ Intel, 61 F.4th at 1379–80 (quoting KSR, 550 U.S. at 418, 420). 
Moreover, the prior art combination does not need to be the best or preferred 
approach but need only be “desirable in light of the prior art.” Honeywell 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
71 
Int’l Inc. v. 3G Licensing, S.A., 124 F.4th 1345, 1356 (Fed. Cir. 2025). 
Finally, the “case law is clear that obviousness cannot be avoided simply by 
a showing of some degree of unpredictability in the art so long as there was 
a reasonable probability of success.” Pfizer, 480 F.3d at 1364. 
We find on this record that Petitioner has shown that the combination 
of Shuber and Vilkin teaches or suggests each limitation of claims 3, 4, and 
14–19 and that the combination of Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka teaches or 
suggests each limitation of claims 12 and 13 for the reasons stated by 
Petitioner. Pet. 41–49; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 240–277. As asserted by Petitioner, 
Shuber teaches a CRC screening test where a patient collects a fecal sample 
and seals it in a container with a nucleic acid stabilizing buffer solution, 
without requiring freezing, and that sample is shipped to a lab and tested via 
a hypermethylation assay or DNA mutation assay. See Ex. 1008, 1–4, 7, 10, 
15. Shuber does not expressly say so, but its disclosed methods and 
materials suggest at-home collection by a patient. See id. at 3–4, 7, 10, 29 
(discussing sample’s direct deposit into a sealable and shippable container, 
no freezing, stability for possibly weeks, decentralized collection and 
testing). 
Vilkin also suggests at-home sample collection, and teaches that an 
off-the-shelf product/system can be used to provide an iFOBT CRC screen 
for patients where a small sample portion is separated from a larger fecal 
sample, sealed with an Hb stabilizer, and shipped without freezing to a lab 
for the testing. See generally Ex. 1005. That Vilkin teaches a method of 
specifically sampling over three days gives us no concern, as discussed 
above. See supra Section II.F.3. 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
72 
Shuber provides high sensitivity for adenomas where Vilkin may not, 
Vilkin provides high sensitivity for “all significant colorectal neoplasia,” and 
it was well known that the two combined tests enabled detection of more 
cancer than either alone; thus, the two tests complement one another. 
Ex. 1005, 2523; Ex. 1008, 13–14; Ex. 1004; Ex. 1011–1013; Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 232–238; see Outdry Techs. Corp. v. Geox S.p.A., 859 F.3d 1364, 1370–
71 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“Any motivation to combine references, whether 
articulated in the references themselves or supported by evidence of the 
knowledge of a skilled artisan, is sufficient to combine those references to 
arrive at the claimed process.”); see also KSR, 550 U.S. at 417 (“the 
predictable use of prior art elements according to their established functions” 
can reasonably be expected to succeed and is obvious). 
Thus, having considered the parties’ respective arguments and 
evidence, we are persuaded that Petitioner has shown that the challenged 
claims would have been unpatentable over the asserted combinations of 
Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka. 
4. 
Summary and Conclusion 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 3, 
4, and 14–19 are unpatentable as obvious over Shuber and Vilkin, and that 
claims 12 and 13 are unpatentable as obvious over Shuber, Vilkin, and 
Kanaoka. We do not find Patent Owner’s arguments sufficient to undermine 
Petitioner’s more persuasive evidence and reasoning. 

--- Page 73 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
73 
H. 
OBVIOUSNESS OVER INBAR, VILKIN, AND SHUBER, AND ALSO ADDING 
KANAOKA (GROUNDS 6 AND 7)22 
We conclude above that all claims have been proven by a 
preponderance of the evidence to be unpatentable under Grounds 1–4, but 
for completeness, we analyze Petitioner’s Grounds 6 and 7 below. 
Petitioner asserts that claims 3, 4, and 14–19, would have been 
obvious over Inbar, Vilkin, and Shuber (Ground 6). Pet. 56–65 (citing, inter 
alia, Ex. 1001, 18:33–37; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 295–329, 232–236; Ex. 1005, 
generally, but also at 2519–22; Ex. 1008, generally, but also at 7:10–12, 
7:19–21, 10:10–15, 14:1–5, 15:18–16:17; Ex. 1009, generally, but also at 
Abstr., 1:2–12, 3:48, 4:2–8, 4:16–5:22, 9:7–30, Figs. 1–4); see also id. at 
49–55 (detailing Inbar’s disclosure relevant to independent claim 1––citing 
Ex. 1001, 18:33–37; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 278–304; Ex. 1009, generally, but also at 
Abstr., 1:2–16, 3:3–8, 3:18–5:23, 6:4–32, 8:2–9:30, 10:1–15, Figs. 1–8). 
Petitioner also asserts that claims 12 and 13 would have been obvious over 
Inbar, Vilkin, Shuber, and Kanaoka (Ground 7). Pet. 65–66 (citing Ex. 1002 
220–226, 220, 331; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–26, 47–48, 59). 
Patent Owner opposes Petitioner’s challenges. Resp. 45–64 (citing, 
inter alia, Ex. 1009, 2:31–3:3, 4:13–18; Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 112–128, 178). As it 
was under above-discussed Grounds 3 and 4, some of Patent Owner’s 
rationale in opposition to Petitioner’s Grounds 6 and 7 is generic to all 
 
22 Under Ground 5, Petitioner asserts that Inbar anticipates claims 1 and 2. 
In view of Patent Owner’s disclaimer of these challenged claims, the Ground 
is moot. However, Petitioner’s rationale under Ground 5 relating to the 
disclosure of Inbar is relevant as it supports the unpatentability challenges 
under Grounds 6 and 7 for obviousness. 

--- Page 74 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
74 
Grounds or are arguments made over Grounds 3 and 4; this has been 
addressed above and will not be revisited in detail. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented by the 
parties, we determine that Petitioner has shown that the challenged claims 
would have been unpatentable as obvious over the cited references. We 
review the parties’ positions and provide our analysis below. 
1. 
Petitioner’s Positions 
Petitioner, under Grounds 6 and 7, asserts and cites to prior art 
references Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka for essentially the same teachings 
and support as for Grounds 3 and 4. We will not rehash Petitioner’s 
assertions in this regard. 
Under Grounds 6 and 7, Petitioner adds to the Shuber-Vilkin and 
Shuber-Vilkin-Kanaoka prior art combinations the teachings of Inbar, which 
Petitioner asserts teaches a system specifically for collecting, portioning, and 
sealed storage of portioned fecal samples, each storage container having a 
respective preservation medium specific to the purpose of preserving the 
sample for specific testing. Pet. 56–57 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 306–
309; Ex. 1009, Abstr., 1:2–12, 3:48, 4:2–8, 4:18–5:22; 9:7–30, Figs. 1–4). 
Petitioner asserts that when the sample portioning, preserving, storing, and 
shipping for iFOBT and nucleic acid assay CRC screening of the Vilkin-
Shuber combination is considered (as under Grounds 3 and 4), it would have 
been advantageous and obvious to a person of ordinary skill in the art to use 
a system and apparatus as taught by Inbar to collect, preserve, store, and ship 
such samples because Inbar’s system is specifically made for such a process. 
See id.; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 278–304 (analyzing how Inbar discloses a 
system for practicing claim 1’s method, a prelude to shipping the samples 

--- Page 75 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
75 
for lab testing per claim 3’s method). Thus, Petitioner asserts that there was 
a reason to combine the prior art and there would have been a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so. See Pet. 57. 
Petitioner maps the teachings of Inbar, Shuber, and Vilkin to the steps 
and elements of claims 3, 4, and 14–19, and adds the teachings of Kanaoka 
for the elements of claims 12 and 13. Again, Petitioner asserts Shuber, 
Vilkin, and Kanaoka in essentially the same ways as for Grounds 3 and 4 
(see supra Section II.F–G); thus, we summarize the ways Petitioner asserts 
Inbar as an addition to the already-addressed prior art combinations. 
Regarding claim 3, Petitioner asserts that Inbar teaches all steps and 
elements recited by independent claim 1, which is incorporated into claim 3 
by its dependency, by disclosing “a system for collecting multiple specimens 
from a stool sample into separate sealable containers, each containing its 
own medium for preserving a chemical entity or living matter, so that the 
multiple specimens can be shipped to a laboratory where different assays are 
performed on the separately preserved specimens.” Pet. 49–55, 58–63 
(citing, inter alia, Ex, 1002 ¶¶ 278–304, 311–317, 320–; Ex. 1009, Abstr., 1, 
3–6, 9–10, Figs. 1–4, 6–8). Petitioner asserts that Inbar teaches a toilet-seat 
collection device (suggesting and teaching at-home collection, particularly in 
view of Shuber and Vilkin), respective sealable containers and sampling 
devices for storing portions of the fecal sample (for shipping to a test lab), 
respective preservation medium in each container (to preserve DNA per 
Shuber and preserve blood protein per Vilkin), and testing (for, inter alia, 
blood and DNA markers in the specimen, in context of Shuber teaching 
DNA testing and Vilkin teaching iFOBT), all without freezing the sample 
(particularly in view of Shuber and Vilkin). Id. 

--- Page 76 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
76 
Overall, in summary, Inbar is asserted to teach a device or system that 
particularly suits the combined sample collection, portioning, and testing 
taught by Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka. See supra Sections II.F–G. Inbar is 
not asserted to necessarily teach any other elements of claims 4 and 12–19 
not taught by Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka. See Pet. 63–66. 
Having summarized Petitioner’s positions on the prior art 
combinations and their teaching of the claimed subject matter, we turn to 
Patent Owner’s positions in opposition. 
2. 
Patent Owner’s Positions 
Patent Owner renews prior arguments: Shuber and Vilkin would not 
have been combined; two different preservation solutions were not required 
for nucleic acids and proteins, which means Inbar’s two separate containers 
would not be needed; Kanaoka requires freezing and there was no reason to 
add its teachings to improve the other reference’s tests. Resp. 45–51 (citing, 
inter alia, Ex. 1009, 4; Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 116, 123–124). Patent Owner also 
argues that Inbar does not mention at-home sample collection and, rather 
than the DNA and iFOBT tests of the other prior art, Inbar teaches testing 
for bacteria and parasites. Id. at 46 (citing Ex. 1009, 2–4; Ex. 2044 ¶¶ 112–
128, 178). 
3. 
Analysis 
We have considered the parties’ arguments and evidence and, again, 
we agree with Petitioner’s positions and adopt Petitioner’s rationale as our 
own. We do not find Patent Owner’s arguments sufficient to undermine 
Petitioner’s more persuasive evidence and reasoning. Because we discussed 
above why Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka would have been combined by the 
person of ordinary skill in the art with a reasonable expectation of success 

--- Page 77 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
77 
and teach each step or element of the challenged claims, we will not rehash 
our positions. We focus on Petitioner’s assertions regarding Inbar and 
Patent Owner’s arguments specific to these Grounds. 
Petitioner asserts that the combination of Inbar, Shuber, and Vilkin 
teaches each limitation of claims 3, 4, and 14–19 and that it would have been 
obvious for an ordinarily skilled artisan to have combined the fecal specimen 
testing preparation system of Inbar with the DNA and blood protein assays 
of Shuber and Vilkin, respectively, to arrive at the claimed methods with a 
reasonable expectation of success, and also that Kanaoka further teaches the 
limitations of claims 12 and 13 and that the skilled artisan would also have 
had a reason to combine Kanaoka’s RNA detection assay with Inbar, Shuber 
and Vilkin for the same reasons discussed above. We agree. Adding Inbar’s 
system and components to the other cited prior art would simply make the 
combination more streamlined and efficient because Inbar provides the two 
containers, sampling/portioning tools, and respective preservatives required 
once Shuber’s DNA testing and Vilkin’s iFOBT (and Kanaoka’s RNA 
testing) are used together. 
In support of this conclusion, we adopt as our own Petitioner’s 
rationale and cited evidence. Petitioner has shown that the combination of 
Inbar, Shuber, and Vilkin teaches or suggests each limitation of claims 3, 4, 
and 14–19 and that the combination of Inbar, Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka 
teaches or suggests each limitation of claims 12 and 13 for the reasons stated 
by Petitioner. Pet. 56–66; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 311–331. 
Patent Owners arguments directed to Grounds 6 and 7, as well as 
Patent Owner’s over-arching arguments discussed above, are not persuasive. 

--- Page 78 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
78 
Regarding Patent Owner’s new arguments, although Inbar does not 
expressly mention at-home sample collection, we find Inbar suggests it. 
Inbar’s flushable toilet collection system, sampling device(s), sealable 
containers, and preservative mediums are designed for ease of use by a 
patient, and for containment of a sample for shipping to a lab for analysis, 
without the need for freezing. Ex. 1009, 1–7, Figs. 1–8. Even without 
mentioning the patient’s home, these disclosures suggest that all steps before 
lab analysis occur there, particularly in view of Vilkin’s and Shuber’s 
disclosures suggesting the same (discussed above). 
Although Inbar is, indeed, most focused on testing fecal samples for 
bacteria and parasites and preserving such analytes for testing, Inbar does 
mention that fecal testing can include “detection of cryptic blood” and 
“preparation of a biochemical profile.” Ex. 1009, 1. Thus, Inbar suggests 
that its system and devices can be used for the DNA and iFOBT testing 
taught by Shuber and Vilkin. 
Thus, having considered the parties’ respective arguments and 
evidence, we are persuaded that Petitioner has shown that the challenged 
claims would have been unpatentable over the asserted combinations of 
Inbar, Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka. 
4. 
Summary and Conclusion 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 3, 
4, and 14–19 are unpatentable as obvious over Inbar, Shuber, and Vilkin, 
and that claims 12 and 13 are unpatentable as obvious over Inbar, Shuber, 
Vilkin, and Kanaoka. Patent Owner’s arguments to the contrary are 
insufficient to outweigh the evidence and reasoning Petitioner provides. 

--- Page 79 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
79 
III. 
CONCLUSION23 
On the record before us, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 3, 4, and 12–19 of the ’746 patent would have 
been obvious over the asserted prior art, under each asserted ground. 
Accordingly, all challenged claims of the ’746 patent are unpatentable under 
35 U.S.C. § 103. 
Our final decision is summarized as follows: 
 
Claim(s) 35 U.S.C. § Reference(s)/
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
3, 4, 14–
19 
103 
Lenhard, Vilkin, 
Itzkowitz 
3, 4, 14–19 
 
12, 13 
103 
Lenhard, Vilkin, 
Itzkowitz, 
Kanaoka 
12, 13 
 
3, 4, 14–
19 
103 
Shuber, Vilkin 
3, 4, 14–19 
 
12, 13 
103 
Shuber, Vilkin, 
Kanaoka 
12, 13 
 
3, 4, 14–
19 
103 
Inbar, Vilkin, 
Shuber 
3, 4, 14–19 
 
12, 13 
103 
Inbar, Vilkin, 
Shuber, Kanaoka 12, 13 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
3, 4, 12–19 
 
 
 
23 If Patent Owner wishes to pursue amendment of the challenged claims in a 
reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to this Decision, see the 
April 2019 Notice Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner 
Through Reissue or Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. 
See 84 Fed. Reg. 16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). Patent Owner has a continuing 
obligation to notify the Board of any such related matters in updated 
mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 80 ---
IPR2024-01330 
Patent 11,970,746 B2 
 
80 
ORDER 
Accordingly, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that, pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 314, per inter partes review 
of claims 3, 4, and 12–19 of U.S. Patent 11,970,746 B2, the challenged 
claims are unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, as this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Brendan Jones 
FOLEY HOAG LLP 
bjones@foleyhoag.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
James Glass 
Sandra Haberny 
JihongLou 
QUINN EMANUEL URQUHART & SULLIVAN, LLP 
jimglass@quinnemanuel.com 
sandrahaberny@quinnemanuel.com 
jihonglou@quinnemanuel.com