--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 47 
571-272-7822 
Date: October 10, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
GUARDANT HEALTH, INC., 
Petitioner, 
 
v. 
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON, 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
 
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, ZHENYU YANG, and TINA E. HULSE, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
YANG, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
Dismissing Petitioner’s Motion to Strike 
37 C.F.R. § 42.5 
 
Denying in Part and Dismissing in Part Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude 
37 C.F.R. § 42.64(c) 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Guardant Health, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 3, “Pet.”), 
seeking an inter partes review of claims 1–30 of U.S. Patent 
No. 10,760,127 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’127 patent”). University of Washington 
(“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 10 (“Prelim. Resp.”). 
We instituted trial to review the challenged claims. Paper 14 (“DI”). 
Thereafter, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition (Paper 22, 
“PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 26, 
“Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply to Petitioner’s Reply 
(Paper 34, “Sur-reply”). 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Exclude (Paper 36); Patent Owner 
opposed (Paper 37); and Petitioner filed a reply in support of the Motion to 
Exclude (Paper 39). Petitioner also filed a Motion to Strike (Paper 38); and 
Patent Owner filed an opposition to the Motion to Strike (Paper 44). 
An oral hearing for this proceeding was held on June 15, 2023, and 
the transcript of that hearing is of record. See Paper 45 (“Tr.”). 
The Board has jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6 and issues this Final 
Written Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318 and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the 
reasons provided below, we find Petitioner has not shown, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, the unpatentability of any of the challenged 
claims. 
A. 
Related Matters 
According to the parties, the ’127 patent is asserted against Petitioner 
in TwinStrand Biosciences, Inc. v. Guardant Health, Inc., 1-21-cv-01126 
(D. Del.). Pet. 11–12; Paper 6, 1. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
3 
Petitioner also filed a petition in IPR2022-00816, challenging the 
same claims of the ’127 patent. We denied that petition. IPR2022-00816, 
Paper 16. Petitioner requested both panel rehearing and Precedential 
Opinion Panel (POP) review. IPR2022-00816, Papers 17, 18. After the POP 
panel declined to review, we denied Petitioner’s request for panel rehearing. 
IPR2022-00816, Papers 21, 22. 
The parties are also involved in several other inter partes review 
proceedings. See Papers 19, 21. 
B. 
The ’127 Patent 
The ’127 patent relates to methods of lowering the error rate of 
massively parallel DNA sequencing using duplex consensus sequencing 
(“DCS”). Ex. 1001, code (54), 17:8–10. 
The ’127 patent states massively parallel DNA sequencing “offer[ed] 
the unique ability to detect minor variants within heterogeneous mixtures.” 
Id. at 1:32–41. It notes the rapid development of clinical applications of deep 
sequencing in “prenatal screening for fetal aneuploidy, early detection of 
cancer and monitoring its response to therapy with nucleic acid-based serum 
biomarkers.” Id. at 1:42–49 (internal citations omitted). Deep sequencing, 
however, had limitations, including “a practical limit of detection . . . 
imposed by errors introduced during sample preparation and sequencing,” 
resulting in “approximately 1% of bases [being] incorrectly identified.” Id. 
at 1:60–2:7. The ’127 patent states “[t]his background level of artifactual 
heterogeneity establishes a limit below which the presence of true rare 
variants is obscured.” Id. at 2:8–10. 
The ’127 patent acknowledges several attempts aimed at improving 
the accuracy and sensitivity of sequencing. Id. at 2:11–32. But, according to 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
4 
the ’127 patent, “significant technical artifacts” still result in error rates far 
higher than the “true mutation frequency.” Id. at 2:32–38. 
The ’127 patent states “[i]t would be desirable to develop an approach 
for tag-based error correction.” Id. at 2:63–64. According to the ’127 patent, 
its approach “reduces or eliminates artifactual mutations arising from DNA 
damage, PCR errors, and sequencing errors; allows rare variants in 
heterogeneous populations to be detected with unprecedented sensitivity; 
and . . . capitalizes on the redundant information stored in complexed 
double-stranded DNA.” Id. at 2:64–3:2. 
C. 
Illustrative Claims 
Among the challenged claims, claims 1 and 22 are independent. They 
are illustrative of the claimed subject matter and, with the Certificate of 
Correction incorporated,1 are reproduced below. 
1. A method of sequencing DNA comprising: 
a) attaching adapters to double-stranded DNA fragments to 
generate a plurality of partially-complementary, asymmetrical 
double-stranded adapter-DNA molecules, wherein the adapters 
comprise barcodes selected from a plurality of distinct barcode 
sequences; 
b) amplifying original strands of at least a portion of the 
double-stranded adapter-DNA molecules to produce first and 
second strand copies; 
c) sequencing a plurality of first and second strand copies to 
obtain first and second strand sequence reads for at least a 
portion of the adapter-DNA molecules; and 
d) for at least some of the adapter-DNA molecules comprising 
barcodes— 
 
1 The Certificate of Correction was issued on March 9, 2021, before the 
filing of the Petition. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
5 
confirming the presence of at least one sequence read 
derived from each of the original first and second strands 
of the adapter-DNA molecules; 
comparing at least one of the confirmed first and second 
strand sequence reads to a reference sequence; and 
analyzing one or more correspondences between the at 
least one of the confirmed first and second strand 
sequence reads and the reference sequence to identify a 
sequence variation. 
Ex. 1001, 37:31–52. 
22. A method of sequencing DNA comprising: 
a) attaching partially single-stranded adapters comprising 
barcodes selected from a plurality of distinct barcode sequences 
to double-stranded DNA fragments obtained from a bodily 
sample, wherein attachment of the adapters to double-stranded 
DNA fragments generates a library of tagged double-stranded 
adapter-DNA molecules; 
b) amplifying strands from a plurality of the double-stranded 
adapter-DNA molecules in the library to produce strand copies; 
c) sequencing a plurality of the strand copies to obtain strand 
sequence reads comprising one or more barcode sequences and 
DNA fragment-specific information; and 
d) for at least some of the double-stranded adapter-DNA 
molecules in the library— 
grouping the strand sequence reads into families based on 
i) the barcode sequence, and ii) DNA fragment-specific 
information; 
collapsing a plurality of strand sequence reads within the 
families to provide a consensus sequence for each of the 
at least some of the double-stranded DNA molecules in 
the library; 
comparing the consensus sequence to a reference 
sequence; and 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
6 
analyzing one or more correspondences between the 
consensus sequence and the reference sequence to 
identify a sequence variation. 
Id. at 39:56–40:25. 
D. 
Instituted Challenges to Patentability 
We instituted trial to determine whether the challenged claims are 
unpatentable based on the following bases: 
Claim(s) 
Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §2 
References 
1–10, 12, 15–28 
103 
Travers ’075,3 Travers 20104 
11 
103 
Travers ’075, Travers 2010, 
NEB Expressions5 
13, 14, 29, 30 
103 
Travers ’075, Travers 2010, 
McCloskey6 
In support of their respective positions, Petitioner relies on the 
Declarations of John Quackenbush, Ph.D. (Exs. 1002, 1039) and Andres 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 
125 Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. § 103, effective 
March 16, 2013. Because the ’127 patent has an effective filing date before 
March 16, 2013, the pre-AIA version of § 103 applies. 
3 Travers et al., US Patent Publication No. 2009/0298075 A1, published 
December 3, 2009 (Ex. 1018, “Travers ’075”). 
4 Travers et al., A flexible and efficient template format for circular 
consensus sequencing and SNP detection, 38 NUCLEIC ACIDS RESEARCH 
e159 (2010) (Ex. 1021, “Travers 2010”). 
5 Evans et al., DNA Damage the major cause of missing pieces from the 
DNA puzzle, NEW ENGLAND BIOLABS (2007) (Ex. 1014, “NEB 
Expressions”). 
6 McCloskey et al., US Patent Publication No. 2007/0020640 A1, published 
January 25, 2007 (Ex. 1023, “McCloskey”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
7 
Larrea, Ph.D. (Ex. 1033); and Patent Owner relies on the Declaration of 
Rahul Satija, D. Phil. (Ex. 2014). 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. 
Principles of Law 
To prevail in this inter partes review, Petitioner “shall have the 
burden of proving a proposition of unpatentability by a preponderance of the 
evidence.” 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that 
the subject matter, as a whole, would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said 
subject matter pertains. KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations, including (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
(3) the level of skill in the art; and (4) when in evidence, objective evidence 
of nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966); 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 406. 
A party that petitions the Board for a determination of unpatentability 
based on obviousness must show that “a skilled artisan would have been 
motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art references to achieve the 
claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so.” In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 
829 F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (citations omitted). 
In an obviousness determination, the presence or absence of a 
motivation to combine references, the presence or absence of a reasonable 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
8 
expectation of success, as well as what a reference teaches and whether it 
teaches toward or away from the claimed invention, are all questions of fact. 
Par Pharm., Inc. v. TWI Pharm., Inc., 773 F.3d 1186, 1196–97 (Fed. Cir. 
2014). 
We analyze the instituted grounds of unpatentability in accordance 
with these principles. 
B. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, various factors 
may be considered, including the “type of problems encountered in the art; 
prior art solutions to those problems; rapidity with which innovations are 
made; sophistication of the technology; and educational level of active 
workers in the field.” In re GPAC, Inc., 57 F.3d 1573, 1579 (Fed. Cir. 1995). 
Furthermore, the prior art itself can reflect the appropriate level of ordinary 
skill in the art. Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001). 
Here, Petitioner asserts that 
a person of ordinary skill in the art by March 20, 2012 would 
typically have an advanced degree, such as a Ph.D., with 
research experience in genomics, molecular biology, 
bioinformatics, or a related field, or could have less education 
but significant professional experience in one or more of these 
fields. 
Pet. 11 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 46–47). 
Patent Owner states that for the purposes of this proceeding, it does 
not dispute Petitioner’s definition of the skill level. PO Resp. 5 
(citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 28–30). 
After reviewing the record, we adopt Petitioner’s definition as it is 
consistent with the prior art’s demonstration of the level of ordinary skill in 
the art at the time of the invention. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
9 
C. 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, we construe a claim term “using the same 
claim construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a 
civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). Under this 
standard, we construe the claim term “in accordance with the ordinary and 
customary meaning of such claim as understood by one of ordinary skill in 
the art and the prosecution history pertaining to the patent.” Id.; see also 
Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc) 
(holding that the words of a claim “are generally given their ordinary and 
customary meaning,” which is “the meaning that the term would have to a 
person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the invention, i.e., 
as of the effective filing date of the patent application”). 
1. 
Adapters 
Petitioner argues that we do not need to expressly construe any term 
in this proceeding. Pet. 13. Nonetheless, Petitioner seeks to “provide[] 
context for understanding the scope of the term ‘partially-complementary, 
asymmetrical double-stranded adapter-DNA molecules.’” Id. Specifically, 
Petitioner asserts that the challenged claims “encompass adapter-DNA 
molecules generated by attachment of Y-shaped or U-shaped adapters 
comprising barcodes to each end of double-stranded DNA molecules.” Id. 
at 15 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 51–52). According to Petitioner, 
standard Illumina Y-shaped adapters are partially 
single-stranded (the arms of the Y) and also are 
partially-complementary (the trunk of the Y). When the 
adapters are ligated to a double-stranded DNA molecule, the 
resulting adapter-DNA molecule is partially-complementary 
and asymmetric . . . The same is true when using hairpin 
adapters, which also are partially single-stranded and 
partially-complementary adapters. 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
10 
Id. at 14 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 48–50). Patent Owner does not dispute these 
assertions. See generally PO Resp. 
Based on the complete record, we agree with Petitioner the claims 
encompass Y-shaped adapters and hairpin adapters, provided that they 
comprise “barcodes selected from a plurality of distinct barcode sequences,” 
which is also required by the claims. 
2. 
Sequence of Steps 
In the Decision to Institute, we agreed with Patent Owner that “(i) the 
claimed methods require that the amplification step occurs after adapter 
attachment; but before the sequencing step; and (ii) the sequencing step 
requires sequencing the amplified adapter-DNA products from the 
amplification step.” DI 10 (citing Prelim. Resp. 8); see also id. (“[W]e find 
Patent Owner’s argument concerning the sequential order of the steps is 
supported by the claim language and the disclosures in the specification.” 
(citing Ex. 1001, 37:31–52 (claim 1), 39:56–40:25 (claim 22), 3:21–27, 
15:27–34, Fig. 1)). Patent Owner reiterates its argument on this issue in its 
Response. PO Resp. 5–8. 
Petitioner does not dispute the sequence of the recited steps. 
See Tr. 19:1–8 (Petitioner’s counsel confirming “the amplification step has 
to be performed and completed before the sequencing step” and stating 
“[t]hat is the interpretation that [Petitioner] followed in mapping to the prior 
art”). 
Based on the complete record, we see no reason to change our 
construction of sequence of the recited steps. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
11 
3. 
First and Second Strand Sequence Reads 
Claim 1 recites “sequencing a plurality of first and second strand 
copies to obtain first and second strand sequence reads for at least a portion 
of the adapter-DNA molecules.” Ex. 1001, 37:39–41. Patent Owner asserts 
that the term “sequence reads,” being plural, “indicates multiple and distinct 
sequencing reactions, each of which results in a sequence read, rather than a 
single sequencing reaction that produces a single sequence read containing 
multiple subparts (which a POSA would know are subreads, not sequence 
reads).” PO Resp. 9 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 60–65). According to Patent Owner, 
both the ’127 patent Specification and Travers support its argument. We are 
not persuaded. 
Patent Owner argues that, in a few instances, the ’127 patent discloses 
“sequence reads” as corresponding to “multiple and distinct sequencing 
reactions.” Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 4:12–18, 4:45–49, 9:5–9, 9:11–12). Those 
disclosures, however, relate to “only one method for making the invention 
and do[] not automatically lead to finding a clear disavowal of claim scope.” 
Cont’l Cirs. LLC v. Intel Corp., 915 F.3d 788, 797 (Fed. Cir. 2019). Patent 
Owner does not point to, and we cannot find, any intrinsic evidence that 
would limit “sequence reads” as Patent Owner contends. 
Patent Owner also relies on Travers as extrinsic evidence that supports 
its argument. PO Resp. 9. Specifically, Patent Owner contends that Travers 
“refers to the sense and antisense target DNA sequences as subreads, which 
are distinct from the ‘raw read sequence’ or ‘raw read’ that comprises all of 
the subreads physically linked together.” Id. (citing Ex. 1021, 2). Patent 
Owner, however, ignores that Travers ’075 refers to the sequence of a sense 
or antisense strand as a “sequence read,” and not a subread. See Ex. 1018 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
12 
¶ 61. As a result, we find insufficient evidence to support Patent Owner’s 
proposed construction of “sequence read” as requiring “multiple and distinct 
sequencing reactions.”7 
Claim terms need only be construed to the extent necessary to resolve 
the controversy. Wellman, Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 
(Fed. Cir. 2011). Based on the complete record, we see no need to expressly 
address any other claim term. 
D. 
Relevant Disclosures of Prior Art 
1. 
Travers ’075 
Travers ’075 is a published U.S. patent application listing Pacific 
Biosciences (“PacBio”) as the assignee. Ex. 1018, code (73). It relates to 
compositions and methods for nucleic acid sequencing, which include 
“template constructs that comprise double stranded portions in a partially or 
completely contiguous constructs, to provide for redundant sequence 
determination through one or both of sequencing sense and antisense 
strands, and iteratively sequencing the entire construct multiple times.” Id., 
Abstract. 
Specifically, Travers ’075 teaches Single Molecule Real Time 
(SMRT) sequencing, which is schematically illustrated in Figure 1A, 
reproduced below. Id. ¶ 43. 
 
7 Patent Owner argues that “the technical problems discussed throughout 
[the Patent Owner Response] apply even under Petitioner’s apparent 
construction” of the term “first and second strand sequence reads.” PO 
Resp. 62 n.6. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
13 
 
Id., Figure 1A. 
Figure 1A shows the SMRT sequencing process. Id. ¶ 21. In Panel I, 
“a nucleic acid synthesis complex comprising a polymerase enzyme 102, a 
template sequence 104 and a primer sequence 106 complementary to a 
portion of the template sequence 104, is provided immobilized within a 
confined illumination volume (indicated by the dashed line 108), e.g., 
resulting from the evanescent optical field resulting from illumination of a 
zero mode waveguide 100.” Id. ¶ 43. 
Travers ’075 teaches that “[t]he reaction mixture surrounding the 
complex contains the four different nucleotides (A, G, T and C) each labeled 
with a spectrally distinguishable fluorescent label attached through its 
terminal phosphate group.” Id. ¶ 44. It explains the fluorescent label of free 
nucleotide provides a very short signal, whereas a nucleotide incorporated 
by the polymerase in a primer extension reaction provides a longer signal. 
Id. According to Travers ’075, “[b]y identifying longer pulses of different 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
14 
spectral characteristics, one can detect, in real time, the identity of each 
incorporated base as it is being incorporated.” Id. ¶ 45. 
In one embodiment, as shown in Figure 2B, Travers ’075 teaches a 
circular template comprising a double-stranded portion linked by two single-
stranded portions. Id. ¶ 50. Figure 2B is reproduced below. 
 
Figure 2B illustrates an exemplary embodiment of a template 
construct used in Travers ’075. Id. ¶ 22. “Sequence 210 includes a double 
stranded portion again comprised of two complementary segments 212 and 
214.” Id. ¶ 50. “[T]he 3ʹ end of segment 212 is joined to the 5ʹ end of 
segment 214 via oligonucleotide 216 in a first single stranded portion,” and 
“the 5ʹ end of segment 212 is joined to the 3ʹ end of segment 214 via linking 
oligonucleotide 218, providing a second single stranded portion.” Id. This 
construct yields “a completely contiguous or circular template sequence.” Id. 
In Figure 3B, Travers ’075 teaches applying the SMRT sequencing 
process to the circular template of Figure 2B. Figure 3B is reproduced 
below. 
 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
15 
Figure 3B illustrates redundant sequencing using the construct shown 
in Figure 2B. Id. ¶ 23. 
As shown, a sequencing process that is primed at one end, e.g., 
primed within one linking oligonucleotide sequence, e.g., 
linking oligonucleotide 218 of FIG. 2, proceeds along the first 
or sense strand 214, again providing the nucleotide sequence A 
of that strand. The sequence process then proceeds around the 
first linking oligonucleotide, e.g., linking oligonucleotide 216 
from FIG. 2, to provide the nucleotide sequence B of that 
segment of the template. Proceeding along the antisense strand, 
e.g., segment 212 of FIG. 2B, provides the nucleotide sequence 
A', which is again, complementary to sequence A. The 
sequencing process then continues around the template 
providing the nucleotide sequence for the other linking 
oligonucleotide, e.g., linking oligonucleotide 218 of FIG. 2B, 
where the illustrated sequencing process began, providing 
nucleotide sequence C. 
Id. ¶ 55. Travers ’075 teaches carrying out the SMRT sequencing reaction 
on a zero mode waveguide (“ZMW”) array. Id. ¶ 141. According to Travers 
’075, the surface of the ZMW well is coated with streptavidin, which allows 
immobilization of a biotinylated primer/template/polymerase complex via a 
streptavidin bridge. Id. ¶¶ 41, 146. 
Travers ’075 states that although the circular templates shown in 
Figure 2B are “primarily, and preferably, for use directly as templates for, 
e.g., sequencing applications,” they “may also serve as intermediate 
structures in the preparation of templates that provide for sequence 
redundancy.” Id. ¶ 122. Specifically, it describes using the circular template 
“in a rolling circle replication process to produce concatamer8 molecules that 
 
8 Patent Owner use the spelling “concatemer” in its papers, whereas 
Petitioner uses both “concatemer” and “concatamer.” There is no dispute 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
16 
include repeating copies of both the sense and antisense strands of the 
originating double stranded segment included within the circular nucleic 
acid.” Id. (footnote added). “These replicated products,” Travers ’075 
continues, “may then be employed directly as template molecules in a 
template dependent sequencing process.” Id. 
2. 
Travers 2010 
Travers 2010 is a publication authored by PacBio employees. 
Ex. 1021, 1. It is undisputed that the two Travers references teach the same 
SMRT sequencing methods. Travers 2010 describes a SMRTbell template, 
designed for SMRT sequencing. Id., Abstract. Figure 1, reproduced below, 
shows a SMRTbell template: 
 
Id. at 3. Figure 1 is a schematic of a SMRTbell template. 
As shown in Figure 1A, the SMRTbell molecule “consists of a 
double-stranded region (the insert) flanked by two hairpin loops. The hairpin 
loops present a single-stranded region to which a sequencing primer can 
 
that both refer to the same thing. In this Decision, we use “concatemer,” 
except when quoting from the references or papers. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
17 
bind (orange).” Id. “Structurally, this format resembles a linear double-
stranded molecule, and yet it is topologically circular.” Id., Abstract. 
Travers 2010 teaches applying the circular molecule to SMRT 
sequencing. Id. at 4. Figure 1B shows that 
As a strand-displacing polymerase (gray) extends a primer from 
one of the hairpin loops, it uses one strand as the template 
strand and displaces the other. When the polymerase returns to 
the 5´-end of the primer, it begins strand displacement of the 
primer and continues to synthesize DNA (moving in the 
direction of the blue arrow). 
Id. at 3. As a result, the sequence is derived from both sense- and anti-sense 
strands. Id. 
Travers 2010 teaches immobilizing DNA polymerases and primed 
DNA templates onto the ZMW arrays for SMRT sequencing. Id. at 2. 
According to Travers 2010, “[p]olymerization is confined to the bottom of 
nanostructures known as ZMWs through a streptavidin/polymerase complex 
bound to a biotinylated surface.” Id. at 4. 
3. 
NEB Expressions 
NEB Expressions teaches that deamination of cytosine and oxidation 
of guanine are two common types of DNA damage that may be present in 
typical DNA samples. Ex. 1014, 1–2. It states that the commercial product 
“PreCR™ Repair Mix” is “a cocktail of enzymes formulated to repair 
damaged DNA in vitro prior to PCR.” Id. at 3. According to NEB 
Expressions, “PreCR™ Repair Mix” can repair deaminated cytosine and 
oxidized guanine. Id. 
4. 
McCloskey 
McCloskey teaches “the use of barcodes and batch-stamps for 
verifying the authenticity of PCR products and other sequence information.” 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
18 
Ex. 1023 ¶ 2. Specifically, it teaches labeling nucleic acid molecules with 
“distinct sequence tags prior to PCR amplification” to authenticate a nucleic 
acid sequence, which allows “identification of valid sequences, and 
distinguishes the valid sequences from contaminants and redundant 
sequences.” Id. ¶ 5. McCloskey teaches bar-coded and batch-stamped 
hairpin linkers. Id. ¶ 15. 
McCloskey further teaches “a second sequence that provides a 
random barcode.” Id. ¶ 21. According to McCloskey, “[t]he length of the 
second sequence is sufficient to provide, with high probability, a unique 
identity to each target nucleic acid molecule in the sample prior to 
amplification,” and may be “between 3 and 30 nucleotides, such as between 
5 and 25 nucleotides or between 7 and 13 nucleotides.” Id. 
E. 
Alleged Obviousness over the Travers References 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1–10, 12, and 15–28 of the ’127 patent 
would have been obvious over the Travers references. Pet. 19–58. After 
reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as explained below, we 
determine Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, that 
the Travers references render the challenged claims obvious. 
We focus our analysis on independent claims 1 and 22. Petitioner 
contends that the combination of Travers 2010 and Travers ’075 teaches 
each limitation of claims 1 and 22. Pet. 20–37. Petitioner also contends that 
an ordinarily skilled artisan would have had a reason to look to both 
references and would have had a reasonable expectation of success in 
combining their teachings. Id. at 19–20. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to show the Travers 
references teach step (c) of claim 1, which recites obtaining “first and second 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
19 
strand sequence reads.” PO Resp. 11. Patent Owner also argues that 
Petitioner fails to show the Travers references teach step (d) of claim 22, 
which recites “grouping the strand sequence reads into families based on 
i) the barcode sequence, and ii) DNA fragment-specific information.” Id. 
at 13 (italics omitted). Moreover, Patent Owner contends that an ordinarily 
skilled artisan would not have modified the teachings of the two Travers 
references to arrive at the claimed method. Id. at 18–59. Patent Owner 
further challenges Petitioner’s showing of a reasonable expectation of 
success. Id. at 61–65. 
Petitioner argues that “Patent Owner acknowledged that virtually 
every aspect of the claimed subject matter is disclosed by Travers.” Pet. 17 
(citing Ex. 1001, 33:22–25; Ex. 1024, 551). We do not need to determine 
whether Patent Owner had acknowledged the Travers references teach each 
limitation of the challenged claims separately, because even if that is the 
case, we still “must further consider the factual questions of whether a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would be motivated to combine those 
references, and whether in making that combination, a person of ordinary 
skill would have had a reasonable expectation of success.” Dome Patent L.P. 
v. Lee, 799 F.3d 1372, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2015). And for the reason explained 
below, we find Petitioner has not met its burden in demonstrating that an 
ordinarily skilled artisan would have had a reason to combine the teachings 
of the two Travers references, and would have had a reasonable expectation 
of success in arriving at the claimed method. 
 
 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
20 
1. 
Introduction 
Especially relevant to our analysis, the Travers references teach 
applying SMRT sequencing methods to SMRTbell templates. See, e.g., 
Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 50–55, Fig. 3; Ex. 1021, 3–5. In addition, Travers ’075 teaches 
that 
the structurally circular nucleic acid segments described 
herein[] may be used as templates in a rolling circle replication 
process to produce concatamer molecules that include repeating 
copies of both the sense and antisense strands of the originating 
double stranded segment included within the circular nucleic 
acid. These replicated products may then be employed directly 
as template molecules in a template dependent sequencing 
process. 
Id. ¶ 122. 
Petitioner relies on the Travers references’ teachings of rolling circle 
replication (“RCR”) of SMRTbell templates to produce concatemer 
molecules as meeting step (b) of claims 1 and 22.9 Pet. 24–25 (citing 
Ex. 1018 ¶ 122; Ex. 1021, Fig. 1, Fig. 4). Petitioner argues that subjecting 
the concatemer molecules to SMRT sequencing meets step (c) of claims 1 
 
9 Petitioner also quotes paragraph 83 of Travers ’075 as stating template 
molecules are “subjected to a polymerase mediated sequencing process.” 
Pet. 24 (quoting Ex. 1018 ¶ 83). To the extent Petitioner relies on this 
statement as meeting step (b) of claims 1 and 22, we disagree. As explained 
above, the claim language requires, and Petitioner does not dispute, that “the 
amplification step has to be performed and completed before the sequencing 
step.” Supra Section II.C.2. The “polymerase mediated sequencing process,” 
discussed in paragraph 83 of Travers ’075, however, refers to SMRT 
sequencing, a sequencing-by-synthesis approach that does not require 
amplification. See Ex. 1021, 5 (stating SMRT sequencing “does not depend 
on amplification”); Ex. 2004, Table 1 (showing PacBio’s sequencing 
involves “[n]o amplification”). 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
21 
and 22. See DI 19 (citing Pet. 25); Tr. 5:8–6:6 (Petitioner’s counsel 
confirming the obviousness challenge relies on sequencing the amplified 
concatemer molecules on PacBio sequencing platform); see also Pet. 6 
(“This petition relies on a patent publication and a paper describing sample 
preparation and sequencing methods developed at PacBio.”). 
We therefore focus our analysis on whether Petitioner has shown, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that an ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
had a reason to use PacBio’s SMRT sequencing platform to sequence the 
concatemer molecules, which are produced with the RCR process of 
SMRTbell templates, and would have had a reasonable expectation of 
success in doing so. 
Petitioner states that “Travers ’075 describes the PacBio workflow 
(e.g., sample preparation, sequencing, and bioinformatic analysis of 
sequence reads),” and Travers 2010 “disclose[s] applications of the PacBio 
workflow described in Travers ’075.” Pet. 19–20; id. at 7 (stating 
Travers 2010 “describes applications of the sequencing method described in 
Travers ’075” (citing Ex. 1021, Abstract, 7, Fig. 1)). Petitioner argues that 
“[a] POSA would have been motivated to look to both Travers ’075 and the 
Travers Paper because together the references provide descriptions of the 
same PacBio methodology.” Id. at 20. Pointing out that the SMRT 
sequencing “methodologies described in the Travers Publications became 
commercially available in 2010,” Petitioner further argues that “a POSA 
would have been motivated and expected success in combining the teachings 
of the Travers Publications because each describe[s] aspects of the PacBio 
workflow.” Id. (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 51–63; Ex. 1026). 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
22 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner fails to show “why a POSA would 
have been motivated to combine the PacBio SMRT sequencing applications 
of Travers-2010 with the unnecessary and problematic RCR embodiment 
mentioned in Travers-’075.” PO Resp. 22–23. Patent Owner also asserts that 
Petitioner does not meet its burden to show reasonable expectation of 
success with the “scant analysis” in the form of a single, conclusory 
statement. Id. at 61. 
Specifically, Patent Owner argues that using SMRT sequencing to 
sequence concatemers produced with the RCR process of SMRTbell 
templates introduces critical technical problems, which render Petitioner’s 
proposed RCR embodiment “unworkable” because it is “incompatible with 
SMRT sequencing on zero mode waveguides (ZMWs).” Id. at 3–4, 23–55, 
62–63. These technical problems, Patent Owner argues, do not exist when 
sequencing the circular SMRTbell molecules with PacBio’s SMRT 
sequencing platform. Id. at 55. They, however, would render the concatemer 
molecules in Petitioner’s RCR embodiment “unsequenceable in SMRT 
sequencing ZMWs.” Id. at 54. Thus, Patent Owner concludes Petitioner’s 
RCR embodiment is hindsight driven because “a POSA never would have 
sought out Petitioner’s proposed embodiment in the first place, much less 
implemented it in Travers 2010’s workflow with a reasonable expectation of 
success.” Id. at 3. 
On this record, and as explained below, we find Patent Owner’s 
arguments more persuasive. 
2. 
Analysis 
As an initial matter, we note that, in our Decision to Institute, we did 
not address Patent Owner’s arguments regarding motivation to combine 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
23 
and/or modify and reasonable expectation of success. DI 20. That is because, 
we explained, based on the then-current record, we understood paragraph 
122 of Travers ’075 as “teach[ing] a straightforward application of SMRT 
sequencing to concatemer molecules.” Id. We, however, “encourage[d] the 
parties to further address the relevant issues of all challenges to fully 
develop the record during trial.” Id. at 22. We also cautioned the parties that 
“[o]ur view with regard to any conclusion reached in the [Decision to 
Institute] could change upon further development of the record during trial.” 
Id. at 23. 
And now, with a fully developed record, we have gained a better 
appreciation of the facts in this matter. We start our factual examination with 
a summary of the SMRT sequencing technology again. 
PacBio’s SMRT sequencing is a sequencing-by-synthesis approach. 
Ex. 2003, 5. Its Template Preparation and Sequencing Guide provides the 
SMRT sequencing workflow. Ex. 1035, 1. Relevant to our discussion, “[a] 
SMRTbell™ template is a double-stranded DNA template capped by hairpin 
loops at both ends.” Id. at 2; see also id. at 22 (“[B]lunt hairpins are ligated 
to repaired fragment ends.”). “Prior to sequencing, primer must be annealed 
to the SMRTbell template, and then DNA polymerase is bound to the 
annealed templates.” Id. at 30. Eventually, “[p]olymerase-bound SMRTbell 
templates” are loaded for sequencing. Id. at 38. 
“At the heart of PacBio’s new DNA sequencing instrument is 
zero-mode waveguide (ZMW) technology.” Ex. 1026, 675. “ZMWs are tiny 
nanoholes, 70 nm in diameter by 100 nm in depth, where a single molecule 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
24 
of the DNA polymerase enzyme can be placed to directly observe it 
sequencing a strand of DNA.” Id. Specifically, 
[w]ith PacBio’s SMRT technology, the polymerase enzyme is 
affixed at the bottom of a ZMW well. Using a single DNA 
molecule as a template, the polymerase incorporates 
fluorescently labeled DNA bases as it reads the template. Each 
base has a different fluorescent dye, thereby emitting a signal 
out of the ZMW. A detector reads the fluorescent signal and 
names the base based on the color of the detected signal. Once 
the base is added, the fluorescent tag is cleaved by the 
polymerase. 
Id. 
At the time of the ’127 patent’s priority date, it was known the raw 
error rate of SMRT sequencing “is significantly higher than with any other 
[then-]current sequencing technology.” Ex. 2003, 5; see also Ex. 2004, 9 
(“SMRT sequencing has high error rates.”). Creating a SMRTbell template 
by ligating a hairpin linker to each end of the target DNA, and then 
repeatedly sequencing the same molecule can overcome the high error rate. 
Ex. 2003, 5. 
The Travers references teach directly sequencing SMRTbell template 
with SMRT sequencing. See, e.g., Ex. 1018, Abstract, ¶ 55, Fig. 3B; 
Ex. 1021, Abstract, 3–4, Fig. 1, Fig. 4. Travers ’075 also teaches an 
alternative embodiment, which amplifies the SMRTbell template with an 
RCR process “to produce concatemer molecules that include repeating 
copies of both the sense and antisense strands” of the target DNA in the 
SMRTbell molecule. Ex. 1018 ¶ 122. 
a. Alleged Admission by Patent Owner 
As explained above, in this case, we must determine whether an 
ordinarily skilled artisan would have had a reason to use PacBio’s SMRT 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
25 
sequencing platform to sequence the concatemer molecules, which are 
produced with the RCR process of SMRTbell templates, and would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so. According to Petitioner, 
Patent Owner has previously admitted that the invention of the ’127 patent 
encompasses, and the Travers references teach, subjecting the RCR 
replicated concatemer molecules to SMRT sequencing. Pet. 17–19, 25–26, 
32 (citing Ex. 1001, 10:63–11:18, 15:29–39; Ex. 1024, 551); Reply 2 
(citing Ex. 1001, 10:61–11:18, claims 10, 13). 
For example, Petitioner contends that during the prosecution of a 
related application, “Patent Owner acknowledged that virtually every aspect 
of the claimed subject matter is disclosed by Travers.” Pet. 17. Petitioner 
also asserts that the challenged claims and the Specification of the ’127 
patent “critically rely on Travers for descriptive support,” and “plainly 
confirm” sequencing RCR concatemers using PacBio sequencing platform. 
Reply 2 (citing Ex. 1001, claims 10, 13, 10:61–11:18); see also Paper 36, 5 
(arguing “claim 1 plainly encompasses use of U-shaped adapters and rolling 
circle amplification, and broadly encompasses sequencing on the Pacific 
Biosciences sequencing platform” (citing Ex. 1001, claims 10, 13)), 6 
(arguing “the specification specifically instructs use of Travers’ adapters, 
amplification, and continuous loop sequencing as suitable for use with the 
disclosed methods (citing Ex. 1001, 10:63–11:15, 15:29–39)). According to 
Petitioner, these “admissions and concessions are fatal to the claims of 
the ’127 patent.” Reply 2. We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments. 
First, Patent Owner did not make a “fatal” admission during 
prosecution. Instead, the then-applicant acknowledged that Travers ’075 
teaches “linking sense and antisense strands of a double-stranded nucleic 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
26 
acid molecule together with a ‘linking segment’ (e.g., using exogenous 
hairpin adapters . . .), and amplification of these linked original strands ‘to 
ensure complete, and preferably redundant sequencing of the entire 
template.’” Ex. 1024, 551 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 51, 83,10 italics removed). This 
statement addresses Travers ’075’s teaching of constructing the SMRTbell 
template and the subsequent sequencing-by-synthesis SMRT sequencing. 
It is unrelated to sequencing the RCR replicated concatemer molecules. 
Indeed, step (c) of claims 1 and 22 requires “sequencing a plurality 
of . . . strand copies.” Ex. 1001, 37:40, 40:8 (emphasis added). Yet, the 
applicant emphasized Travers ’075 teaches subjecting SMRTbell templates 
to SMRT sequencing “such that ‘a single template molecule . . . can be 
sequenced in one integrated process.’” Ex. 1024, 551 (quoting Ex. 1018 
¶ 54); see also id. (stating the applicant “disagrees” with the examiner’s 
allegation in an office action that Travers ’075 teaches “template constructs 
may be prepared from PCR products to provide a population of identical 
molecules from which to generate sequence reads” (quoting Ex. 1024, 498)). 
Thus, the applicant did not admit during prosecution that the Travers 
references teach sequencing the RCR replicated concatemer molecules using 
PacBio’s SMRT sequencing. 
Second, Patent Owner has not made such an admission with respect to 
claims 10 and 13 of the ’127 patent. Each of claims 10 and 13 depends from 
claim 1. Claim 10 specifies that the amplification may be through RCR; and 
claim 13 specifies that the adapters may be U-shaped (i.e., hairpin) adapters. 
 
10 The parties explain, and we agree, that the citation to paragraph 81 
appears to be a typo, and the correct citation should be to paragraph 83. See 
Pet. 24 n.2; PO Resp. 65 n.7. 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
27 
Ex. 1001, 39:1–4, 39:16–17. These additional limitations, however, are 
recited in two separate, unrelated claims. Thus, claims 10 and 13 of 
the ’127 patent do not show that Patent Owner admitted its invention 
encompasses sequencing RCR replicated concatemer molecules using 
PacBio’s SMRT sequencing. 
Third, the ’127 patent Specification does not support Petitioner’s 
argument either. The ’127 patent Specification cites Travers 2010 twice. In 
the first instance, it states “ligation and amplification with circularizing 
‘linkers’ (i.e. hairpin linkers affixed to both ends of a fragment) has been 
demonstrated as a step in the Pacific Biosciences sample preparation 
workflow [49].” Ex. 1001, 10:63–66. Reference 49 is Travers 2010. Id. 
at 33:22–25. 
Travers 2010 teaches that a SMRTbell template includes “a linear 
double-stranded DNA fragment.” Ex. 1021, 3. “At either end, the double 
strand is capped with a hairpin sequence, such that there are no free 5- or 
3-ends.” Id.; see also id. at 2 (describing ligating hairpin linkers to the target 
DNA). The ultimate sequencing is a polymerase-mediated step. Id. at 3 
(“When incubated in the presence of a DNA polymerase, the enzyme can 
bind to the primer/template complex, leading to a sequencing-productive 
complex.”); Fig. 1B (describing SMRT sequencing as the strand-displacing 
polymerase “uses one strand as the template strand and displaces the other”). 
Thus, when discussing Travers 2010 in column 10 of the ’127 patent 
(Ex. 1001, 10:63–66), the step of ligation with hairpin linkers refers to the 
construction of the SMRTbell template, whereas “amplification” refers to 
the sequencing-by-synthesis nature of SMRT sequencing. After all, as the 
Template Preparation and Sequencing Guide explains, “Pacific Biosciences’ 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
28 
template preparation process does not use amplification techniques.” 
Ex. 1035, 5 (emphasis). Petitioner does not sufficiently explain, and we do 
not find, that this discussion relates to sequencing the concatemer molecules 
produced by RCR replication. 
The ’127 patent discloses “deliberate ligation of ‘U-shaped’ adaptors 
or hairpin linkers” to both ends of the target DNA to produce closed circles. 
Ex. 1001, 11:3–8. Citing Travers 2010 again, the ’127 patent Specification 
states “closed circles may be pre-amplified using rolling circle amplification 
or serve as the substrate for continuous loop sequencing [49].” Id. 
at 11:13–15 (emphasis added). 
The “closed circles” described in the ’127 patent Specification refer to 
the SMRTbell templates in Travers 2010. Ex. 1021, Abstract (stating the 
SMRTbell template is “topologically circular”). Travers 2010 teaches that, 
in SMRT sequencing, a strand-displacing polymerase extends a primer from 
one of the hairpin loops in the SMRTbell templates, “us[ing] one strand as 
the template strand and displaces the other. When the polymerase returns to 
the 5-end of the primer, it begins strand displacement of the primer and 
continues to synthesize DNA.” Id. at 3; see also Ex. 2001, 4 (stating an 
“appealing feature” of SMRT sequencing is that “through the 
strand-displacing capability of the polymerase . . . closed circular templates 
can be sequenced multiple times by a DNA polymerase in a single run”). 
Thus, when citing Travers 2010 to discuss “closed circles may . . . serve as 
the substrate for continuous loop sequencing” (Ex. 1001, 11:13–15), 
the ’127 patent refers to directly subjecting SMRTbell templates to SMRT 
sequencing. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
29 
Of course, the ’127 patent also discloses that “closed circles may be 
pre-amplified using rolling circle amplification.” Id. at 11:13–14. This is 
consistent with the teachings in Travers ’075. See Ex. 1018 ¶ 122 (stating 
although SMRTbell molecules are “primarily, and preferably, for use 
directly as templates for, e.g., sequencing applications,” they “may also 
serve as intermediate structures,” through, for example, “a rolling circle 
replication process to produce concatemer molecules,” which are later 
sequenced). Critically, however, the ’127 patent discloses RCR as an 
alternative to SMRT sequencing, and not applying SMRT sequencing to the 
concatemer molecules produced by RCR. Ex. 1001, 11:13–15 (using the 
disjunctive “or” to link RCR and SMRT sequencing). 
In addition to twice citing Travers ’075, the ’127 patent also mentions 
PacBio’s sequencing platform, i.e., SMRT sequencing: 
In one embodiment, each end of the double-stranded target 
nucleic acid molecule is ligated to an SMI adaptor molecule. 
The double-stranded target nucleic acid complex is then 
amplified by a method known in the art (e.g., a PCR or 
non-PCR method known in the art), resulting in a set of 
uniquely labeled, amplified SMI-target nucleic acid products. 
These products are then sequenced using any suitable method 
known in the art including, but not limited to, the Illumina 
sequencing platform, ABI SOliD sequencing platform, Pacific 
Biosciences sequencing platform, 454 Life Sciences sequencing 
platform, Ion Torrent sequencing platform, Helicos sequencing 
platform, and nanopore sequencing technology. 
Id. at 15:27–39 (emphasis added). 
Petitioner contends that this passage of the ’127 patent “describ[es] 
‘non-PCR’ amplification methods and ‘Pacific Biosciences sequencing 
platform’ as within the scope of the invention.” Pet. 15 (citing Ex. 1001, 
15:29–39). Although the ’127 patent separately discloses RCR 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
30 
(i.e., non-PCR amplification) and PacBio’s SMRT sequencing, Petitioner 
does not sufficiently explain, and we do not find, that the Specification of 
the ’127 patent it relies on here describes using PacBio’s sequencing 
platform to sequence RCR replicated concatemer products. 
Instead, the ’127 patent lists multiple amplification methods, and 
independently, multiple sequencing methods. Ex. 1001, 15:29–39. 
It, however, does not specify which sequencing method is “suitable” for 
which amplified product. Id. That is because, Patent Owner asserts, 
“[a] POSA reading the ’127 patent would have known which sequencing 
methods were suitable for certain template preparation methods and 
unsuitable for others.” PO Resp. 64 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶ 215). And an 
ordinarily skilled artisan would have known, according to Patent Owner, that 
RCR replicated concatemer products are “unsequenceable in SMRT 
sequencing ZMWs.” Id. at 54; see also id. at 29 (arguing that RCR is 
“incompatible with SMRT sequencing”); Ex. 2014 ¶ 215 (Dr. Satija 
testifying that “a POSA would have understood that rolling circle replication 
was not suitable in the SMRT sequencing methods”). For the reasons 
explained below (see infra, Section II.E.2.b), we agree with Patent Owner 
and Dr. Satija. Thus, we find Patent Owner has not admitted in column 15 of 
the ’127 patent that its invention encompasses, or the Travers references 
teach, sequencing RCR replicated concatemers with PacBio’s SMRT 
sequencing. 
b. Technical Issues with SMRT sequencing RCR Replicated Concatemers 
Patent Owner contends that “Petitioner’s hindsight-based RCR 
embodiment . . . would have created critical problems when used in SMRT 
sequencing.” PO Resp. 30 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 122–127). 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
31 
According to Patent Owner, one of the technical problems that would 
render Petitioner’s proposed RCR embodiment unworkable is each RCR 
replicated concatemer molecule has multiple primer/polymerase binding 
sites. PO Resp. 31 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 128–137). Dr. Satija illustrates the 
products after one to three rounds of RCR replication of a SMRTbell 
template as follows: 
 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 178. 
The figure above shows RCR replication of a circular SMRTbell 
template. As shown in the figure, A and A represent the two complementary 
strands of the target DNA, and B and C represent the two hairpin linkers. 
The figure shows that one round of RCR replication produces a molecule 
with one copy of A and A each and two primer/polymerase binding sites, 
two rounds of RCR replication produces a molecule with two copies of A 
and A each and three primer/polymerase binding sites, and three rounds of 
RCR replication produces a molecule with three copies of A and A each and 
four primer/polymerase binding sites. 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
32 
Patent Owner asserts that “the SMRT sequencing workflow requires 
distributing the primer/template/polymerase ternary complex at one complex 
per ZMW well.” PO Resp. 32 (citing Ex. 2001, 3; Ex. 2002, 4; Ex. 2014 
¶ 130; Ex. 2021, 4). According to Patent Owner, “[i]f two or more 
polymerases generate synthesis products in a single ZMW, the multiple 
florescent pulses from the different polymerases would be indistinguishable 
and produce unusable data.” Id. (citing Ex. 2001, 4; Ex. 2014 ¶ 133). And 
that, Patent Owner contends, is exactly what would happen in Petitioner’s 
RCR embodiment, because “the linear concatemer template would contain 
multiple, repeating copies of the primer/polymerase binding site,” which 
would result in unreadable sequence data. Id. at 33–34 (citing Ex. 2014 
¶¶ 132–137). 
Petitioner does not dispute that each RCR replicated concatemer 
molecule has multiple primer/polymerase binding sites. See, e.g., Ex. 1002 
¶ 114 (Dr. Quackenbush testifying that “[a] person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood that the concatemer molecules would have the same 
sequence (e.g., barcode and target molecule)”). Nonetheless, according to 
Petitioner, the alleged “multiple primer/polymerase binding sites” problem 
“is directly contradicted by the express content of the prior art, including the 
Travers Publications and the manufacturer’s sequence guide.” Reply 15 
(citing Ex. 1033 ¶¶ 8, 9; Ex. 1039 ¶ 28). 
Specifically, Petitioner argues that the Travers references teach 
“templates with more than one primer/polymerase binding sites.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 14, 17, 67, 103, 105, 144, Fig. 7; Ex. 1021, 3; Ex. 1036, 
12–13; Ex. 1037, 117:19–24). Petitioner also refers to PacBio’s Template 
Preparation Guide for stating that “[t]he stoichiometric optimum for the 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
33 
polymerase:template ratio is 2 polymerases bound to each template molecule 
(one to each hairpin adapter).” Id. at 16 (citing Ex. 1035, 34). 
In addition, Petitioner asserts that “[t]emplates with multiple 
polymerases routinely generate useable reads. This is because typically only 
one polymerase becomes bound to the bottom of the ZMW.” Id. at 17 
(citing Ex. 2021, 1, 4, Fig. 6). Petitioner contends that the activity of the 
polymerase bound to the bottom of the ZMW is detected to provide 
sequencing data, whereas any additional polymerases complexed with the 
template “generally do not contribute signal” because they are outside the 
range of the excitation beam. Id. (citing Ex. 1033 ¶¶ 16–18; Ex. 2021, 4, 
Fig. 4). 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s arguments. First, the prior art 
references Petitioner relies on relate to sequencing SMRTbell templates; 
specifically, they teach two polymerase binding sites in the two hairpin 
adapters per SMRTbell molecule, one on each end of the target molecule. 
See Ex. 1021, Fig. 1. They do not speak to concatemers with multiple 
polymerase binding sites interspersed along the molecule. 
Second, as explained above, a two-round RCR already generates three 
polymerase binding sites. See Ex. 2014 ¶ 178. Thus, even if we were to 
agree with Petitioner that the optimal stoichiometric ratio for SMRTbell 
templates applies to RCR produced concatemers, the polymerase to 
concatemer template ratio is at least three, i.e., 50% higher than the number 
Petitioner points to.11 See Reply 16 (citing Ex. 1035, 34). 
 
11 The product of one round of RCR replication has only two polymerase 
binding sites. But, with only one copy of A and A each, it would not satisfy 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
34 
Third, and most importantly, the prior art does not support Petitioner’s 
arguments. The SMRT sequencing “approach is based on eavesdropping on 
a single DNA polymerase molecule working in a continuous, processive 
manner.” Ex. 2021, 1 (“Within each [ZMW] chamber, a single DNA 
polymerase molecule is attached to the bottom surface.”). Indeed, in SMRT 
sequencing, 
polymerase molecules are randomly distributed among the 
ZMWs, leading to a Poisson distribution of occupancy. At 
optimal loading, the distribution is 36.8% empty ZMWs, 36.8% 
with just one polymerase, and 26.4% with two or more. In this 
experiment, ~35% of the ZMWs produced traces indicative of 
single DNA polymerase occupancy, of which 82% produced 
full-length reads. 
Ex. 2001, 4 (internal citation omitted). 
Other prior art confirms this observation that polymerases are 
randomly distributed among the ZMWs such that only one third of the 
ZMWs contain a single polymerase. See Ex. 2002, 4 (“A limit to throughput 
was imposed by the stochastic nature of immobilizing DNA polymerases at 
the bottom of each ZMW. In the published study, roughly one-third of the 
ZMWs in the array contained a single DNA polymerase and had the capacity 
to generate full-length sequencing reads.”); Ex. 2004, 9 (“The polymerases 
are randomly immobilized among the ZMWs, leading to only a third of them 
being occupied by a single polymerase. The rest of the ZMWs are either 
empty or contain two or more polymerases, which dramatically reduces the 
potential capacity of the ZMW array.”). 
 
the limitation of “sequencing a plurality of first and second strand copies” as 
required in step (c) of claim 1. 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
35 
In other words, contrary to Petitioner’s assertion that “typically only 
one polymerase becomes bound to the bottom of the ZMW” (Reply 17), in 
fact, a significant portion of the ZMWs (26.4%) have two or more 
polymerases immobilized within (Ex. 2001, 4). And these ZMWs, again, 
contrary to Petitioner’s assertion, do not produce usable reads. Id. (teaching 
the yield could be improved by “plac[ing] a single polymerase in each 
ZMW”). 
This is because, prior art explains, “DNA polymerization is a 
stochastic process, where intervals between incorporation events typically 
vary. Thus, a population of polymerases even acting on the same template 
would quickly become out of phase with each other.” Ex. 2021, 2. Thus, in 
view of the prior art, we are not persuaded that “the binding of multiple 
polymerases on a single template . . . was not a problem.” See Reply 17. 
Petitioner acknowledges that it is beneficial to avoid loading “multiple 
polymerase-template complexes in the same ZMW.” Id. (citing Ex. 1035, 
39). Citing the Larrea Declaration, Petitioner contends that loading of 
multiple templates “is easily mitigated.” Id. at 18 (citing Ex. 1033 ¶ 19; 
Ex. 1035, 39). We are not persuaded by this argument either. 
Dr. Larrea testifies that one of the two methods to “easily mitigate[]” 
loading multiple templates into a single ZMW is “bioinformatically 
trimming the read to only the high-quality region (HQR).” Ex. 1033 ¶ 19. 
Dr. Larrea, however, provides no support for this testimony. In fact, he does 
not even explain what a “high-quality region (HQR)” is. We, thus, accord 
little weight to this testimony. See Xerox Corp. v. Bytemark, Inc., 
IPR2022-00624, Paper 9 (August 24, 2022) (precedential) (holding 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
36 
“conclusory and unsupported” declaration testimony is entitled to little 
weight). 
The other method to “easily mitigate[]” loading multiple templates 
into a single ZMW, according to Dr. Larrea, is “choosing an appropriate 
loading concentration.” Ex. 1033 ¶ 19 (citing Ex. 1035, 39). PacBio’s 
Template Preparation and Sequencing Guide indeed instructs an ordinarily 
skilled artisan to “[c]hoose the concentration that yields the most data output 
at an acceptable accuracy.” Ex. 1035, 39. That advice, however, is directed 
to sequencing SMRTbell templates on PacBio’s platform (see generally 
Ex. 1035), and does not apply to sequencing RCR produced concatemers. 
This is because each concatemer molecule includes multiple copies of the 
target sequence. See Ex. 1002 ¶ 114. Thus, even when only a single 
concatemer molecule is loaded into a ZMW at the optimal concentration, 
such a molecule still includes “multiple templates” and multiple polymerase 
binding sites. 
Our understanding of this aspect of SMRT sequencing is supported by 
the prior art. Indeed, Travers ’075 teaches preparing a template for 
sequencing to “prevent concatamerization” of the target DNA before ligation 
of the hairpin adapters. Ex. 1018 ¶ 105; see id. ¶ 103 (teaching “processes 
that reduce undesired concatamerization” of the target DNA); ¶ 106 
(teaching methods to “provide protections against concatamerization” so that 
“concatamerization of the template fragments . . . may be avoided”). Thus, 
in view of the prior art, we are not persuaded that, in the context of 
sequencing RCR produced concatemers, loading of “multiple templates” is 
“easily mitigated” by “choosing an appropriate loading concentration.” 
See Reply 18; Ex. 1033 ¶ 19. 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
37 
In sum, we agree with Patent Owner that the multiple polymerase 
binding sites throughout the concatemer molecule “would have created a 
critical problem with SMRT sequencing’s single-molecule design,” which 
“would have dissuaded a skilled artisan from combining the RCR 
embodiment mentioned in Travers-’075 with Travers-2010.” PO Resp. 23 
(citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 96–100), 31 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 128–137). 
And even if an ordinarily skilled artisan would have pursued 
sequencing RCR produced concatemers on PacBio’s SMRT platform, we 
agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner has not met its burden to show the 
required reasonable expectation of success. The reasonable expectation of 
success requirement “refers to the likelihood of success in combining 
references to meet the limitations of the claimed invention.” Intelligent 
Bio-Systems, Inc. v. Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1367 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016). The challenged claims require amplification before the 
sequencing step. See supra Section II.C.2. Petitioner points to the Travers 
references’ teachings of RCR produced concatemers as meeting this 
limitation. See supra Section II.E.1. Petitioner’s analysis on reasonable 
expectation of success, including the allegation that Patent Owner’s previous 
statements amount to concessions on this issue, however, is directed to 
sequencing SMRTbell templates, and not concatemers. See supra 
Section II.E.2.a. 
In contrast, Patent Owner has provided evidence to show that an 
ordinarily skilled artisan would have “recognized the futility of attempting to 
sequence this multi-primed, multi-polymerase concatemer multi-complex in 
the SMRT sequencing ZMW array.” PO Resp. 33 (Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 134–136). 
This is because, Patent Owner explains 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
38 
[t]he SMRT sequencing photodetector would be presented with 
numerous, concurrent nucleotide flashes occurring from the 
multiple, simultaneous polymerase extension reactions taking 
place in each ZMW. . . . These concurrent nucleotide flashes 
would be detected not as amplification of the signal, but rather 
as readings of different nucleotides all at once and therefore the 
order of the nucleotides (i.e., the actual sequence) would be 
impossible to determine. 
PO Resp. 33–34 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 134–137; Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 45, 141; 
Ex. 1021, 4–5) (italics removed). 
Petitioner does not specifically address this issue, presumably because 
Petitioner is of the view that “typically only one polymerase becomes bound 
to the bottom of the ZMW.” Reply 17. But, data of the prior art show a 
significant portion of the ZMWs have two or more polymerases immobilized 
within. Ex. 2001, 4. Weighing the evidence, we are persuaded by Patent 
Owner’s argument that, because signals coming from different polymerases 
“would create a jumbled mess,” “a POSA would not have had a reasonable 
expectation of successfully practicing Petitioner’s RCR embodiment.” 
PO Resp. 35 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶ 136), 62 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 211–213). 
Patent Owner contends that there are other technical issues that create 
significant problems if applying SMRT sequencing to RCR produced 
concatemers. For example, Patent Owner argues an RCR reaction “results in 
a smear of product sizes representing a vast size difference in potential 
templates for a sequencing reaction.” Id. at 35–38 (citing Ex. 1021, Fig. 3; 
Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 139–144; Ex. 2036, 2, Fig. 3; Ex. 2037, Fig. 6). Among these 
differently sized products, Patent Owner continues, longer DNA molecules 
diffuse less efficiently than smaller DNA molecules. Id. at 38–40 (citing 
Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 145–149; Ex. 2039, Table 1, Fig. 1; Ex. 2040, 4; Ex. 2041, 3; 
Ex. 2056, 20). 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
39 
Patent Owner explains that, in SMRT sequencing, DNA templates 
“are delivered to ZMWs via a random diffusion process.” PO Resp. 40 
(citing Ex. 2023, 5, italics removed). Thus, according to Patent Owner, two 
problems arise from the diffusion bias: (1) “the majority of potentially 
useable ZMW would be occupied by smaller DNA templates, without 
sufficient redundancy for resequencing” (id. at 38–41 (citing Ex. 2014 
¶¶ 145–164; Ex. 2023, 5; Ex. 2039, Table 1, Fig. 1; Ex. 2040, 4, Fig. 1; 
Ex. 2041, 3; Ex. 2056, 20; Ex. 2067, 11–12)), see also id. at 43 (“A POSA 
would have known that the smaller DNA products, however, would not 
provide a sufficient number of target DNA copies to be able to re-sequence 
the target DNA sufficiently.”); and (2) “[w]hile the larger RCR concatemers 
might contain multiple copies of the target DNA, they would be 
outcompeted for ZMW occupancy by the smaller products” (id. at 44 (citing 
Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 165–169; Ex. 2041, 3; Ex. 2039, Fig. 1; Ex. 2040, Fig. 1)). 
Patent Owner cites to several references published around the critical date to 
support these arguments. See id. at 41–42 (citing Ex. 2005, 7; Ex. 2028, 1; 
Ex. 2042, 4; Ex. 2046, Fig. S4); see also id. at 41 n.3 (arguing that evidence 
with a post-filing date can be used to show the state of the art in general and 
an artisan’s understanding of the prior art) (citing Ex. 2043, 3; Ex. 2044, 3). 
Petitioner counters that there were “known and routine methods” to 
address the alleged problems related to “the presence of different sized 
molecules and diffusion bias favoring smaller template molecules for faster 
loading into ZMW.” Reply 18 (citing Ex. 1033 ¶ 21; Ex. 1037, 40:2–5). 
According to Petitioner, an ordinarily skilled artisan would have simply 
followed protocols in PacBio’s Template Preparation Guide as well as 
teachings in the Travers references and other prior art to “eliminate” the 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
40 
problems resulting from diffusion bias. Id. at 18–20 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 145, 
150; Ex. 1021, Fig. 3; Ex. 1033 ¶¶ 22–24; Ex. 1035, 3, 24, 27, 35, 38, 48; 
Ex. 1036, 12; Ex. 1037, 37:13–23, 43:16–45:3; 50:1–51:5; Ex. 1039 ¶ 29; 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 29). 
In addition, Petitioner contends that “[l]oading bias is only a bias, it 
does not mean that larger templates are not loaded into any ZMW and 
sequenced.” Id. at 20 (citing Ex. 1033 ¶¶ 25, 26; Ex. 1035, 35). Thus, 
Petitioner argues “Pacific Biosciences sequencing platforms would still 
generate useable sequence even if rolling circle amplification produced a 
range of concatemer sizes.” Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 1033 ¶ 28). 
On this issue, we find Patent Owner’s argument more persuasive. 
First, it is undisputed that RCR products vary significantly in size. 
See Ex. 1021, 4, Fig. 3 (showing sizes from about 500 to 3,000 bp); 
see also Ex. 2036, 543 (stating the RCR products “generally exhibit a wide, 
essentially continuous distribution over length and therefore cannot be 
resolved by gel electrophoresis yielding a broad smear of the high molecular 
weight DNAs”). It is also undisputed that loading of templates into ZMWs is 
size dependent with small ones loading better than large ones. Ex. 1035, 35. 
Second, although Petitioner points to several “known and routine 
methods” for size selection, those methods remove only the smaller sized 
polynucleotides. See Ex. 1018 ¶ 145 (Travers ’075 stating ChromaSpin 1000 
removes “any [SMRTbell] templates that contained no insert or short 
inserts”); Ex. 1035, 3 (PacBio’s Template Preparation and Sequencing 
Guide teaching using the magnetic bead purification to remove the “hairpin 
dimers”), 24 (using AMPure PB bead purification to remove “ligation 
products smaller than 0.4 kb (e.g., adapter dimers)”); Ex. 1036, 12 (teaching 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
41 
AMPure XP removes small fragments and “fragments greater than 100 bp 
were retained”). 
Petitioner also suggests gel electrophoresis as an “effective size 
selection means.” Reply 19 (citing Ex. 1021, Fig. 3). As an initial matter, 
Figure 3 of Travers 2010 does not involve size selection; instead, as Patent 
Owner correctly points out, it “runs the reaction products on a gel for 
visualization to confirm the sequencing enzyme can operate on a SMRTBell 
template.” Sur-reply 24–25 (Ex. 1021, 4). More importantly, PacBio’s 
Template Preparation and Sequencing Guide explains that “[a]ny DNA 
damage (e.g., abasic sites, nicks, interstrand crosslinks) or contaminants 
(e.g., single-stranded DNA, RNA, proteins, dyes, or salts) present in the 
input material will impair performance of the system.” Ex. 1035, 5. As a 
result, it specifically cautions against exposing DNA sample to 
“intercalating fluorescent dyes or ultraviolet radiation,” which would be 
necessary when using gel electrophoresis for size selection. Id. 
As Petitioner recognizes, PacBio’s SMRT sequencing protocol 
“highly recommend[s]” selecting sequencing templates of “the same size 
(+/- 10%) to minimize loading bias.” Reply 18–19 (citing Ex. 1035, 35); 
see also Ex. 1035, 35 (teaching addressing loading bias “is particularly 
important when sequencing different PCR amplicon sizes”). Yet, the 
methods Petitioner identifies do not limit the size variation among the RCR 
produced concatemers to this level, or even close to it. 
Third, even if we agree with Petitioner that diffusion bias does not 
preclude generating useable sequence from RCR products with a wide range 
of sizes (see Reply 20), it is at least a matter that an ordinarily skilled artisan 
would have been cognizant of. On their own, issues resulting from diffusion 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
42 
bias may not sufficiently dissuade an artisan to pursue Petitioner’s RCR 
embodiment; together with the problem associated with multiple 
polymerases discussed above, however, they cast further doubt upon the 
reason to sequence RCR produced concatemers on PacBio’s platform. 
Similarly, we find the narrow diameter of ZMWs is another constraint 
that an ordinarily skilled artisan would have considered. It is undisputed that 
“a ZMW is a hole, tens of nanometers in diameter.” Ex. 2021, 1; 
see also Ex. 2031, 1 (“ZMWs are tiny nanoholes, 70 nm in diameter 
by 100 nm in depth.”). Patent Owner argues that an RCR generated 
concatemer molecule has “repeating complementary stretches of DNA,” 
which “would hybridize to form complex secondary structures that would 
have significant difficulties even fitting into the narrow ZMW wells for 
SMRT sequencing.” PO Resp. 48 (citing Ex. 2014 ¶ 179). 
Petitioner contends this alleged problem does not exist because it is 
“based on a false premise” that the large concatemer molecules “assume 
rigid conformations that prevent them from entering ZMW.” Reply 23. 
Instead, Petitioner emphasizes that the conformation of DNA molecules 
“fluctuate in solution.” Id. (citing Ex. 1033 ¶ 34; Ex. 1037, 120:15–18; 
Ex. 1039 ¶ 30; Ex. 2014 ¶ 188). Moreover, Petitioner argues this alleged 
problem “is directly contradicted by the content of the prior art,” including 
the Travers references and PacBio’s Template Preparation and Sequencing 
Guide. Id. at 21–22 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 83, 85, 144, 150; Ex. 1021, 1, 5, 
Fig. 4B; Ex. 1033 ¶¶ 29–33; Ex. 1035, 6, 35; Ex. 1039 ¶ 30). 
We, again, find Patent Owner’s argument more persuasive. We do so 
even though we agree with Petitioner that the prior art references “expressly 
describe sequencing far larger templates and ‘no evidence of an intrinsic 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
43 
limit in the size of template.’” Id. at 22 (quoting Ex. 1021, 1). That is 
because the prior art references are specifically directed to SMRTbell 
templates, and do not discuss RCR produced concatemers with repeating 
complementary stretches of DNA. See Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 144, 150, Fig. 16; 
Ex. 1021, 1. 
For concatemers, Dr. Satija “performed in-silico DNA structure 
modeling with the same template sequences disclosed in Travers 2010,” and 
showed that “repeating concatemer copies of DNA will form complex 
secondary and tertiary structures.” Ex. 2014 ¶¶ 180–189. One of the 
schematics provided by Dr. Satija is reproduced below. 
 
The figure above is a cropped schematic “depict[ing] the large 
concatemers shown to scale with the size of the ZMWs.” Id. ¶ 188. For this 
schematic, Dr. Satija “used the structures formed from the concatemer after 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
44 
3 full loops.” Id. Dr. Satija testifies that “the concatemers would have 
difficulties physically fitting within the narrow wells of Travers ’075 and 
Travers 2010.” Id. We find Dr. Satija’s testimony credible, because he 
explained in detail the underlying facts, methodology, and data before 
opining on the issue. See id. ¶¶ 180–184. 
In its Reply, Petitioner does not address the secondary structures 
formed by the self-hybridization of the repeating complementary stretches of 
DNA. And, contrary to Petitioner’s assertion, Patent Owner and Dr. Satija 
do not argue that the concatemers “assume rigid conformations.” 
See Reply 23. Indeed, Dr. Satija testifies that 
a POSA would understand that the precise three-dimensional 
structure of the folded concatemer molecule would also 
fluctuate in solution. Therefore, any individual dimension could 
span at least two arms of the starshaped structure. A POSA 
would therefore not have expected these concatemer molecules 
to readily fit in the ZMW wells even when considering the 
tertiary structures of these molecules. 
Ex. 2014 ¶ 188 (emphasis added). 
Travers 2010 teaches that when “deciding on a format for SMRT™ 
sequencing, a number of factors were considered,” including, among others, 
“uniformity of structure and compatibility with ZMW geometry.” 
Ex. 1021, 3. Thus, we find the combination of the ZMWs’ narrow diameter 
and the concatemers’ complex structures further undermines Petitioner’s 
position that an ordinarily skilled artisan would have had a reason to 
sequence the RCR produced concatemer molecules on PacBio’s SMRT 
sequencing platform. 
Petitioner faults Patent Owner for arguing RCR embodiment is 
inferior than sequencing SMRTbell templates. See Tr. 17:4–7 (Petitioner’s 
counsel arguing that there “seems to be a suggestion that superiority should 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
45 
be established when there are multiple embodiments of this requirement that, 
you know, one has to be demonstrated as superior to the other”). 
To the extent Patent Owner’s argument may be construed this way, 
we reject that argument. But even though the rationale to combine or modify 
prior art teaching need not be “the best option,” it still must be “a suitable 
option.” PAR Pharm., 773 F.3d at 1198. Here, Patent Owner has produced 
sufficient evidence to show that, because of a multitude of technical issues, 
PacBio’s SMRT sequencing platform is not a suitable method to sequence 
RCR produced concatemers. In other words, Petitioner has not persuaded us 
that an ordinarily skilled artisan would have had a reason to carry out its 
RCR embodiment with a reasonable expectation of success. 
3. 
Summary 
In sum, Petitioner has not met its burden to show that an ordinarily 
skilled artisan would have had a reason to sequence RCR replicated 
concatemers on PacBio’s sequencing platform with a reasonable expectation 
of success. Thus, Petitioner has not shown the Travers references render the 
claims 1–10, 12, and 15–28 obvious.12 
F. 
Other Grounds 
Claim 11 depends from claim 1. Petitioner asserts that claim 11 would 
have been obvious over the combination of Travers ’075, Travers 2010, and 
NEB Expressions. Pet. 58–60. 
 
12 The parties dispute whether there are objective indicia to support a 
conclusion of nonobviousness. PO Resp. 68–74; Reply 23–27; 
Sur-reply 27–29. We do not address this issue because we determine 
Petitioner has not met its burden in showing the reason to combine/modify 
the Travers references or the reasonable expectation of success. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
46 
Each of claims 13 and 14 depends from claim 1, and each of 
claims 29 and 30 depends from claim 22. Petitioner contends that claims 13, 
14, 29, and 30 would have been obvious over the combination of 
Travers ’075, Travers 2010, and McCloskey. Id. at 60–65. 
For these challenges, Petitioner relies on the same combined teachings 
in the Travers references as those asserted in its challenge of claims 1 
and 22. Id. at 58–65. For the same reasons as explained above, we conclude 
Petitioner has not met its burden in demonstrating the obviousness of 
claim 11, 13, 14, 29, and 30. See supra Section II.E; see also In re Fritch, 
972 F.2d 1260, 1266 (Fed. Cir. 1992) (“[D]ependent claims are nonobvious 
if the independent claims from which they depend are nonobvious.”). 
III. 
PETITIONER’S MOTION TO STRIKE 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Strike Exhibits 2072 and 2073, and “the 
portions of the Sur-reply that rely on the improper new evidence within 
these exhibits.” Paper 38 (“MTS”), 1. For the reasons explained below, we 
dismiss Petitioner’s MTS. 
Patent Owner filed Exhibits 2072 and 2073 as deposition transcripts 
of Drs. Larrea and Quackenbush, respectively. Sur-reply ix. Petitioner points 
out Exhibits 2072 and 2073 “each include multiple additional documents:” 
Exhibit 2072 includes “Exhibits” 1–9, and Exhibit 2073 includes 
“Exhibits” 1–4. MTS 1. 
Petitioner contends that Patent Owner runs afoul of our rules. Id. 
at 1–2 (citing 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.6, 42.23(b), 42.63). Specifically, Petitioner 
argues that Exhibits 2072 and 2073 are improper because combined 
documents are not permitted under 37 C.F.R. § 42.6(a)(3). Id. In addition, 
Petitioner asserts that “Exhibits 2072 and 2073 are also improper because 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
47 
they include ‘new evidence other than deposition transcripts of the 
cross-examination of any reply witness.’” Id. at 2 (quoting 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.23(b)). 
Patent Owner relies on a previous Board decision in which a panel 
stated that “if exhibits are introduced during a deposition for the purposes of 
testing the witness’ testimony, a party should be able to submit those 
exhibits with the transcript, so the Board has the full context available in 
order to evaluate the testimony.” Paper 44, 1 (quoting Ascend Performance 
Materials Operations LLC, v. Samsung SDI Co., IPR2020-00349, Paper 53, 
12 (PTAB July 15, 2021)). Patent Owner argues that “each deposition 
exhibit was introduced to impeach and test the witness’ direct testimony, and 
was relevant to their cross-examination.” Id. Patent Owner provides a table 
explaining the purported relevance of “Exhibits” 1–9 within Exhibit 2072 
and “Exhibits” 1–4 within Exhibit 2073. Id. at 1–2. 
As an initial matter, we note that the cases Patent Owner relies on are 
not persuasive. For example, the patent owner in IPR2020-00349 filed the 
deposition exhibits separately, and did not combine them with the deposition 
transcript. IPR2020-00349, Paper 53, 12–13 (agreeing to consider 
“Exhibits 2047, 2048, and 2051” for the purposes of evaluating the 
deponent’s testimony). And, although a Board panel in CBM2014-00056 
allowed certain combined documents, the offending party there did not, as 
Patent Owner here does, file those documents at the Sur-reply stage. 
CBM2014-00056, Paper 37, 11–12 (excusing petitioner’s “improper use of 
sub-exhibits within” a reply declaration). 
We also are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s argument that the 
deposition exhibits were for impeachment purposes. Petitioner argues that 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
48 
these exhibits “were introduced in deposition without substantive 
questioning.” MTS 2; see also Paper 39, 4 (“PO introduced documents 
without eliciting any testimony from the deponent to impeach, and without 
otherwise laying appropriate foundation.”). We agree. During the deposition, 
Patent Owner’s counsel merely read, without substantive questioning, 
excerpts of the exhibits into the record. See, e.g., Ex. 2072, 51:23–53:15 
(counsel only asking “Did I read that correctly” each time after reading three 
passages of Exhibit 8). 
That said, because in rendering this Decision, we do not rely on 
Exhibits 2072 or 2073, including the “Exhibits” attached thereto, we dismiss 
the MTS as moot. 
IV. 
PETITIONER’S MOTION TO EXCLUDE 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Exclude Exhibit 2014, “Exhibits” 1–9 
within Exhibit 2072, and “Exhibits” 1–4 within Exhibit 2073. Paper 36 
(“MTE”), 1. Petitioner, as the party moving to exclude evidence, bears the 
burden of proving that it is entitled to the relief requested, namely, that the 
material sought to be excluded is inadmissible under the Federal Rules of 
Evidence. See 37 C.F.R. §§ 42.20(c), 42.62(a); see also Consolidated Trial 
Practice Guide13 (“CTPG”) 8, 37 (explaining that a motion to exclude is 
based on inadmissibility). For the reasons explained below, we dismiss in 
part and deny in part Petitioner’s MTE. 
A. 
Exhibit 2014 
Petitioner moves to exclude the Satija Declaration (Ex. 2014) 
“because Dr. Satija’s proffered opinions are frivolous and are not ‘the 
 
13 Available at https://www.uspto.gov/TrialPracticeGuideConsolidated. 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
49 
product of reliable principles’ and methods ‘reliably applied’ to the facts of 
this case.” MTE 1. According to Petitioner, “[t]he bulk of Dr. Satija’s 
declaration is spent arguing that the Travers embodiment employing 
amplification prior to sequencing, while admittedly disclosed, is inoperable 
and thus a POSA would have been dissuaded from doing it, allegedly 
undermining motivation to combine.” Id. at 2. Petitioner alleges that 
Dr. Satija’s testimony is “legally erroneous at least because the challenged 
claims are admittedly directed to amplification followed by PacBio 
sequencing, as disclosed in the Travers references.” Id. at 5. We are not 
persuaded. 
As an initial matter, as explained above (see supra Section II.E.2.a), 
although Dr. Satija and Patent Owner admitted that the Travers references 
teach “amplification prior to sequencing” in general, that admission does not 
extend to RCR amplification to generate concatemer molecules followed by 
sequencing on PacBio’s platform. Thus, Dr. Satija’s testimony is not, as 
Petitioner incorrectly argues, “legally erroneous” or “frivolous.” 
More importantly, in disagreeing with the analyses in the Satija 
Declaration, Petitioner challenges the sufficiency, and not the admissibility, 
of the evidence. A motion to exclude is not a proper vehicle for this purpose; 
instead, such arguments “should appear only in the merits documents.” 
See CTPG 79. Thus, we deny the MTE with regard to the Satija Declaration. 
B. 
“Exhibits” in Exhibits 2072 and 2073 
Petitioner moves to exclude “Exhibits” 1–9 within Exhibit 2072 and 
“Exhibits” 1–4 within Exhibit 2073. MTE 1. 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
50 
In rendering this Decision, we do not rely on “Exhibits” 1–9 within 
Exhibit 2072 and “Exhibits” 1–4 within Exhibit 2073. Thus, we dismiss the 
MTE in this regard. 
V. 
CONCLUSION 
After reviewing the entire record and weighing evidence offered by 
both parties, we determine that Petitioner has not met its burden to show an 
ordinarily skilled artisan would have had a reason to combine the teachings 
of the two Travers references, and would have had a reasonable expectation 
of success in arriving at the claimed method. Because Petitioner relies on 
this combination in all its challenges, Petitioner has not shown, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1–30 would have been obvious 
over the asserted prior art. 
In summary: 
 
 
 
Claim(s) 
 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
References 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–10, 12, 
15–28 
103 
Travers ’075, 
Travers 2010 
 
1–10, 12, 
15–28 
11 
103 
Travers ’075, 
Travers 2010, 
NEB Expressions 
 
11 
13, 14, 29, 
30 
103 
Travers ’075, 
Travers 2010, 
McCloskey 
 
13, 14, 29, 30 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
1–30 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2022-00817 
Patent 10,760,127 B2 
 
51 
VI. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not proven, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 1–30 of the ’127 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Exclude is 
denied-in-part and dismissed-in-part; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Strike is dismissed 
as moot; 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Michael T. Rosato 
Jad A Mills 
Sonja R. Gerrard 
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI 
mrosato@wsgr.com 
jmills@wsgr.com 
sgerrard@wsgr.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Ralph Wilson Powers III, Ph.D. 
David H. Holman, Ph.D. 
Kristina C. Kelly 
Christopher M. Gallo 
STERNE, KESSLER, GOLDSTEIN & FOX P.L.L.C. 
tpowers-PTAB@sternekessler.com 
dholman-PTAB@sternekessler.com 
kckelly-PTAB@sternekessler.com 
cgallo-PTAB@sternekessler.com