--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 39 
571.272.7822 
Date: July 9, 2025 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
GENEOSCOPY, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
EXACT SCIENCES CORPORATION, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
Before RYAN H. FLAX, DAVID COTTA, and JAMIE T. WISZ, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
FLAX, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Exact Sciences Corporation (“Patent Owner”) is the owner of 
U.S. Patent 11,634,781 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’781 Patent”). Paper 4, 1 (Patent 
Owner’s Mandatory Notices). On January 11, 2024, Geneoscopy, Inc. 
(“Petitioner”) filed a Petition for inter partes review challenging the 
patentability of claims 1–20 of the ’781 patent (all issued claims). Paper 1, 
12 (“Pet.”). We instituted trial in this proceeding on July 26, 2024. Paper 9 
(“Institution Decision” or “DI”). 
Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition (and the Institution 
Decision) on October 25, 2024. Paper 20 (“Response” or “Resp.”). On 
January 27, 2025, Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 27, “Reply”) to Patent 
Owner’s Response, which was followed by Patent Owner filing a Sur-reply 
(Paper 30, “Sur-reply”) on March 10, 2025. 
Oral argument was heard at a hearing held on May 1, 2025, and a 
transcript of the hearing is of record. See Paper 38 (“Hr’g Tr.”). 
Petitioner bears the burden of proving unpatentability of the 
challenged claims, and this ultimate burden of persuasion never shifts to 
Patent Owner. Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 
1375, 1378 (Fed. Cir. 2015). To prevail, Petitioner must prove 
unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(e) 
(2018); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d) (2023). After considering the parties’ arguments 
and supporting evidence, as discussed in detail below, we conclude that 
Petitioner proves by a preponderance of the evidence that the challenged 
claims of the ’781 patent are unpatentable. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
3 
A. 
REAL PARTIES-IN-INTEREST 
Petitioner identifies itself, “Geneoscopy, Inc.,” as the real party-in-
interest. Pet. 2. Patent Owner identifies itself, “Exact Sciences 
Corporation,” as the real party-in-interest. Paper 4, 2. 
B. 
RELATED MATTERS 
The parties identify Exact Sciences Corporation v. Geneoscopy, Inc., 
No. 23-cv-1319-MN (D. Del.) as involving the ’781 Patent and to be a 
related matter. Pet. 2–3; Paper 4, 2. 
C. 
THE ’781 PATENT AND RELEVANT BACKGROUND 
The ’781 Patent, titled “Fecal Sample Processing and Analysis 
Comprising Detection of Blood,”1 was filed as U.S. Application 17/936,335 
on September 28, 2022, and indicates priority to a series of continuation 
applications, including U.S. Application 16/634,607 (“the ’607 
Application”), and Provisional Application 61/149,581 (“the ’581 
Provisional”), which was filed on February 3, 2009. Ex. 1001, codes (54), 
(21), (22), (60), (63), 1:8–19. Thus, the earliest possible effective filing date 
of the ’781 Patent is February 3, 2009. There is no dispute in this 
proceeding that the ’781 patent is entitled to this priority date and we apply 
this priority date in our analysis here. See Pet. 4; see generally Resp. 
The ’781 Patent states that it relates to: 
A method of processing a fecal sample from a human subject 
comprising removing a portion of a collected fecal sample and 
adding the removed portion of the sample to a buffer that 
prevents denaturation or degradation of blood proteins found in 
 
1 The ’781 patent uses both “fecal” and “faecal,” which refer to the same 
thing (solid body waste), but the former is the American spelling of the term 
and the latter is the British spelling. We use the American spelling herein. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
4 
the sample, and detecting the presence of human blood in the 
removed portion of the fecal sample. The method further 
comprises stabilizing the remaining portion of the fecal sample. 
Ex. 1001, Abstract, 1:30–31. According to the Specification, colorectal 
cancer (“CRC”) is a leading cause of cancer-related deaths. Id. at 1:41–42. 
Most colon cancers arise from adenomatous polyps, which are usually 
asymptomatic. Id. at 1:46–52. Mass screening of asymptomatic patients is 
described as the cornerstone for detecting and eliminating these precursor 
lesions to reduce the risk of CRC. Id. at 1:52–55. 
Colonoscopy is described as the primary screening test for CRC 
because of its high sensitivity and specificity and the ability to remove 
polyps if found. Id. at 1:65–2:1. The procedure, however, is invasive, 
costly, and has certain risks, such as infection and bowel perforation. Id. 
at 2:1–3. Fecal occult blood testing (“FOBT”), which tests for blood in the 
stool, is described as commonly used, and less invasive and less expensive 
than colonoscopy. Id. at 2:4–12. But, because occult blood in stool can be 
indicative of different gastrointestinal disorders, further testing is necessary 
to detect CRC. Id. at 2:9–12. The Specification describes two types of 
FOBT: guaiac FOBT (“gFOBT”), which detects peroxidase activity of 
hemoglobin in fecal blood, and immunochemical FOBT (“iFOBT” or 
“FIT”), which uses anti-human hemoglobin (Hb) antibodies to detect fecal 
blood. Id. at 2:13–34. Although iFOBT is more complicated and more 
expensive, it is more sensitive than gFOBT. Id. at 2:25–40. 
The Specification also describes that recent developments in testing 
look specifically for mutations in DNA that are characteristic of colorectal 
neoplasia and are detectable in exfoliated epithelial cells in the stool. Id. at 
2:44–47. The Specification describes that increased DNA methylation is an 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
5 
epigenetic alteration that is common in human cancers. Id. at 3:5–7. 
Aberrantly methylated DNA has also been proposed as a tumor marker for 
CRC detection. Id. at 3:7–9. 
The ’781 patent further describes that, although combined assays for 
detecting CRC have been described, their approach targets either multiple 
protein markers or multiple DNA alterations. Id. at 3:41–43. According to 
the Specification, “[t]o date, immunochemical tests and DNA tests for CRC 
detection have been evaluated and compared on a separate basis only.” Id. 
at 3:43–45. The ’781 patent states that the invention “aims to improve the 
positive and negative predictive value and also the sensitivity and specificity 
of detection of colorectal cancer through non-invasive means.” Id. at 6:42–
45. Accordingly, the invention is based upon a combination of tests for 
detecting proteins and epigenetic modification markers in the same fecal 
sample. Id. at 6:49–53. 
The Specification describes that protein detection occurs in a step of 
“detecting the presence of blood in the f[]ecal sample,” “through any 
suitable means,” including “chromogenic or immunological” techniques, and 
the detection of an epigenetic modification is “detected in at least one gene 
selected from PHACTR3, NDRG4, FOXE1, GATA4, GPNMB, TFPI2, 
SOX17, SYNE1, LAMA1, MMP2, OSMR, SFRP2 and CDO1.” Id. at 7:8–
24, 8:42–54. The Specification states that “‘[e]pigenetic modification’ is 
defined herein to include any alteration in the DNA, generally resulting in 
diminished gene expression, which is mediated by mechanisms other than 
alterations in the primary nucleotide sequence of a gene.” Id. at 12:35–39. 
The Specification states that “[t]he inventor has determined that 
f[]ecal samples for use in the invention do not necessarily have to be freshly 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
6 
collected” and only “a minimal stool sample . . . may successfully be 
employed in the methods of the invention.” Id. at 11:38–39, 11:55–58. The 
Specification describes that “a single f[]ecal sample is utili[z]ed as the 
source of the sample for” the two detection tests noted above, “[h]owever, 
the sample may need to be split to permit [this].” Id. 17:57–60. “Thus the 
sample may need to be treated to differing degrees in order to permit the 
separate steps to be carried out” and “[a]s a result, after obtaining the f[]ecal 
sample, the sample may be apportioned appropriately to allow the DNA and 
protein testing to be carried out separately.” Id. at 17:60–64. 
Once this portioning of the sample occurs, the Specification describes, 
one portion is combined with “a buffer which prevents denaturation or 
degradation of blood proteins,” such buffers being known and commercially 
available, and another portion of the sample may be combined with 
“[s]uitable buffers for maintaining DNA integrity.” Id. at 18:1–28. The 
Specification states that a “homogenization buffer” may be included and that 
such “are known in the art and commercially available,” but no specific 
DNA stabilizing buffer is named. Id. at 27:44–55; see generally id. 
The ’781 patent concludes with twenty claims, of which claim 1 is the 
sole independent claim; it is illustrative of the challenged claims and we 
reproduce it below: 
1. A method of processing a freshly-collected fecal 
sample without freezing, the method comprising: 
a) collecting a fecal sample from a human subject, 
wherein the fecal sample is collected at home by the human 
subject by defecation directly into a sealable collection vessel; 
b) removing a portion of the fecal sample to a separate 
sealable container to produce a removed portion and a 
remaining portion of the fecal sample; 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
7 
c) combining the removed portion of the fecal sample in 
the separate sealable container with a buffer that prevents 
denaturation or degradation of blood proteins found in a fecal 
sample, and sealing the sealable container; and 
d) combining the remaining portion of the fecal sample in 
the sealable collection vessel with a stabilizing buffer, and 
sealing the sealable collection vessel. 
Ex. 1001, 45:21–47:4 (claims). 
For context, according to the evidence of record, the ’781 patent is, as 
of 2021, one of 59 U.S. patents Patent Owner indicates cover its Cologuard 
product, approved for use by the U.S. FDA on August 11, 2014. Ex. 1084, 
1; Ex. 2036, 5. As of its annual 10-K report in 2014 introducing this 
Cologuard product, Patent Owner identified that, at that point, it had 
“intellectual property rights pertaining to sample type, sample preparation, 
sample preservation, biomarkers, and related methods and formulations,” 
protected then by 12 issued U.S. patents, as well as (potentially) 30 pending 
U.S. patent applications. Ex. 2036, 11. 
According to Patent Owner’s published “Instruction for Use” for the 
Cologuard product, 
Cologuard is intended for the qualitative detection of colorectal 
neoplasia associated DNA markers and for the presence of 
occult hemoglobin in human stool. Cologuard is for use with 
the Cologuard collection kit and the following instruments: 
BioTek ELx808 Absorbance Microplate Reader; Applied 
Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR; Hamilton 
Microlab® STARlet; and the Exact Sciences System Software 
with Cologuard Test Definition. 
Ex. 1082, 6. “Cologuard is designed to analyze patients’ stool for the 
presence of 11 molecular markers, including hemoglobin and DNA markers, 
which may indicate the presence of colorectal cancer or advanced adenomas. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
8 
Because cellular exfoliation of DNA into stool occurs continuously, 
Cologuard can detect pre-malignant neoplasia at early onset of abnormality.” 
Ex. 1081, 3; Ex. 2032, 1. 
The Cologuard collection kit referred to above “includ[es] a stool 
sample for DNA testing (Container) and a stool sample for Hemoglobin 
testing (Tube).” Ex. 1082, 15. Patent Owner’s Cologuard Patient Guide 
provides a labeled illustration of this kit, which we reproduce below: 
 
 
Ex. 2023, 8. The illustration is titled “What is Inside the Cologuard 
Collection Kit,” and shows a shipping box, a sample container, a bracket that 
appears to be shaped to hold the sample container, a bottle of liquid 
preservative, a tube, sample labels, and patient instructions. The Patient 
Guide states that the “bottle of liquid contains a preservative (less than 10% 
EDTA in Tris buffered solution),” and “[t]he tube contains a 10% albumin in 
Tris buffered detergent solution with an antimicrobial agent.” Id. 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
9 
D. 
PETITIONER’S ASSERTED GROUNDS FOR UNPATENTABILITY 
Petitioner asserts the following grounds for unpatentability: 
Ground Claims Challenged 35 U.S.C. §2 Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
1–9, 11, 14–20 
103 
Lenhard,3 Vilkin,4 
Itzkowitz5 
2 
12, 13 
103 
Lenhard, Vilkin, 
Itzkowitz, Kanaoka6 
3 
10 
103 
Lenhard, Vilkin, 
Itzkowitz, Derks7 
4 
1–9, 11, 14–20 
103 
Shuber,8 Vilkin 
5 
12, 13 
103 
Shuber, Vilkin, Kanaoka 
6 
10 
103 
Shuber, Vilkin, Derks 
 
2 The priority date of the ’781 patent is February 3, 2009, which is before the 
relevant AIA revisions to the Patent Act took effect on March 16, 2013. 
35 U.S.C. § 100 (note); see Ex. 1001, code (22). Therefore, pre-AIA § 103 
applies, although the version of the statute is not determinative here. 
3 Lenhard et al., Analysis of Promoter Methylation in Stool: A Novel Method 
for the Detection of Colorectal Cancer, 3 CLIN. GASTROENTEROL. AND 
HEPATOLOGY 142–49 (2005) (Ex. 1004, “Lenhard”). 
4 Vilkin et al., Performance Characteristics and Evaluation of an 
Automated-Developed and Quantitative, Immunochemical, Fecal Occult 
Blood Screening Test, 100 AM. J. GASTROENTEROL. 2519–25 (2005) 
(Ex. 1005, “Vilkin”). 
5 Itzkowitz et al., Improved Fecal DNA Test for Colorectal Cancer 
Screening, 5 CLIN. GASTROENTEROL. AND HEPATOLOGY 111–17 (2007) 
(Ex. 1006, “Itzkowitz”). 
6 S. Kanaoka, US2006/0216714 A1, pub. Sept. 28, 2006 (Ex. 1007, 
“Kanaoka”). 
7 Derks et al., Promoter Methylation Precedes Chromosomal Alterations in 
Colorectal Cancer Development, 28 CELLULAR ONCOLOGY 247–57 (2006) 
(Ex. 1008, “Derks”). 
8 Shuber et al., WO2005/113769 A1, pub. Dec. 1, 2005 (Ex. 1009, 
“Shuber”). 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
10 
 
Pet. 12. In support of these grounds for unpatentability, Petitioner relies on, 
inter alia, the 1st and 2nd Declarations of Duncan Whitney, PhD. Ex. 1002; 
Ex. 1080. In support of its positions, Patent Owner relies on, inter alia, the 
1st and 2nd Declarations of Vadim Backman, PhD, and the Declaration of 
Peter Wood. Ex. 2001; Ex. 2022; Ex. 2023. 
II. 
DISCUSSION 
A. 
LEGAL STANDARDS 
“In an [inter partes review], the petitioner has the burden from the 
onset to show with particularity why the patent it challenges is 
unpatentable.” Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 (Fed. 
Cir. 2016) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)(3) (requiring inter partes review 
petitions to identify “with particularity . . . the evidence that supports the 
grounds for the challenge to each claim”)). This burden of persuasion never 
shifts to Patent Owner.9 See Dynamic Drinkware, 800 F.3d at 1378. 
The Supreme Court in KSR International Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 
U.S. 398 (2007), reaffirmed the framework for determining obviousness set 
forth in Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1 (1966). The KSR Court 
summarized the four factual inquiries set forth in Graham (383 U.S. at 
17–18) that are applied in determining whether a claim is unpatentable as 
obvious under 35 U.S.C. § 103 as follows: (1) determining the scope and 
content of the prior art; (2) ascertaining the differences between the prior art 
and the claims at issue; (3) resolving the level of ordinary skill in the art; and 
 
9 Although we may refer to Patent Owner’s arguments as “not persuasive,” 
this is in the context of assessing the record and the parties’ arguments; we 
do not shift the ultimate burden from Petitioner. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
11 
(4) considering objective evidence indicating obviousness or non-
obviousness. KSR, 550 U.S. at 406. 
“The combination of familiar elements according to known methods 
is likely to be obvious when it does no more than yield predictable results.” 
Id. at 416. “[W]hen the question is whether a patent claiming the 
combination of elements of prior art is obvious,” the answer depends on 
“whether the improvement is more than the predictable use of prior art 
elements according to their established functions.” Id. at 417. 
“[O]bjective indicia of non-obviousness play an important role as a 
guard against the statutorily proscribed hindsight reasoning in the 
obviousness analysis,” and “may often be the most probative and cogent 
evidence in the record.” WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1328 
(Fed. Cir. 2016); see also Graham, 383 U.S. at 36 (“[Objective indicia] may 
also serve to guard against slipping into use of hindsight, and to resist the 
temptation to read into the prior art the teachings of the invention in issue.” 
(internal quotation marks and citation omitted)). “In order to accord 
substantial weight to [objective indicia of non-obviousness, also called] 
secondary considerations[,] in an obviousness analysis, the evidence of 
secondary considerations must have a nexus to the claims, i.e., there must be 
a legally and factually sufficient connection between the evidence and the 
patented invention.” Fox Factory, Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 1373 
(Fed. Cir. 2019) (citing Henny Penny Corp. v. Frymaster LLC, 938 F.3d 
1324, 1332 (Fed. Cir. 2019)). “The patentee bears the burden of showing 
that a nexus exists.” Id. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
12 
B. 
ORDINARY SKILL IN THE ART 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, we may consider, 
if in evidence, the types of problems encountered in the art, the prior art 
solutions to those problems, the rapidity with which innovations are made, 
the sophistication of the technology, and the educational level of active 
workers in the field. Custom Accessories, Inc. v. Jeffrey-Allan Indus. Inc., 
807 F.2d 955, 962 (Fed. Cir. 1986); Orthopedic Equip. Co. v. United States, 
702 F.2d 1005, 1011 (Fed. Cir. 1983). 
Petitioner contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art at the time 
of the invention (using the acronym “POSA”) would have had “a Ph.D. in 
chemistry, biochemistry, biology, or a related field and at least five years of 
experience designing and performing diagnostic assays on fecal samples.” 
Pet. 12 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 9–12). 
Patent Owner disagrees.10 Patent Owner proposes that 
a POSA would have a doctoral degree in medicine, chemistry, 
biochemistry, biology, or a related field and 1-2 years of 
experience in the processing and analysis of biological samples, 
 
10 In a prior reexamination request over the ’781 patent, Petitioner previously 
argued for the Office to define the ordinarily skilled artisan as having 
at least a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology (or a similar 
major) and several years of experience in the processing of 
biological samples, such as fecal samples from a human. Such 
a person would have been well-acquainted with methods of 
collecting fecal samples, preserving proteins and/or nucleic 
acids, including hemoglobin, DNA, and RNA, and 
subsequently evaluating the fecal samples for proteins and/or 
nucleic acids, including hemoglobin, DNA, and RNA, as of 
February 3, 2009. 
Resp. 19–20 (quoting Ex. 1021, 7). 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
13 
including fecal samples. [Ex. 2022] ¶51. Such a person could 
have been an individual or a member of a team of scientists 
addressing fecal sample processing and analysis. Id. The 
Board accepted Patent Owner’s definition for purposes of the 
Institution Decision. [DI] at 8. 
Resp 20. Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s proposed definition in this 
proceeding is overly narrow and Petitioner’s proposed definition in the 
related reexam is too broad, and that Patent Owner’s definition falls 
correctly between the two. Id. (citing Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 50–51). 
Here, as in our Institution Decision, we do not discern a significant 
difference between the parties’ respective proposed definitions beyond the 
number of years of experience after obtaining a doctoral degree. Compare 
Pet. 12, with Prelim. Resp. 47, and Resp. 19–20; see also DI 7–8. Under 
either proposed definition, the ordinarily skilled artisan would have been 
very highly skilled and educated. 
For purposes of this Final Decision, we maintain that Patent Owner’s 
definition appears to be reasonable (and it falls between Petitioner’s two 
definitions asserted in the reexamination request and in the Petition). 
Further, Patent Owner’s proposed definition appears to comport with the 
level of skill in the art reflected in the prior art of record and the ’781 patent 
itself, for example, Vilkin’s authors are a group of medical doctors and an 
editor of the journal is a PhD, Joost Louwagie, the named inventor of the 
’781 patent, holds a PhD in Biochemistry, and the authors of Itzkowitz are 
medical doctors and PhDs. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 
(Fed. Cir. 2001) (“[T]he prior art itself [may] reflect[] an appropriate level” 
as evidence of the ordinary level of skill in the art) (quoting Litton Indus. 
Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 1985)); 
see Ex. 1005, 3 (list of authors); Ex. 1016 (Dr. Louwagie profile); Ex. 1055; 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
14 
see also generally Reply (Petitioner did not contest our similar 
determination at Institution). Therefore, we adopt and use Patent Owner’s 
definition of the ordinarily skilled artisan, set forth above. 
C. 
CLAIM CONSTRUCTION 
The Board interprets claim terms in an inter partes review using the 
same claim construction standard that is used to construe patent claims in a 
civil action in federal district court. 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). In construing 
claims here, similar to district courts, we by default give claim terms their 
ordinary and customary meaning, which is “the meaning that the term would 
have to a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the 
invention.” Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 
2005) (en banc). 
Petitioner asserts that no claim construction is necessary in this 
proceeding. See generally Pet. Similarly, Patent Owner states that it “does 
not believe that claim construction is necessary to resolve patentability” in 
this proceeding. Resp. 21. 
“[W]e need only construe terms ‘that are in controversy, and only to 
the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” Nidec Motor Corp. v. 
Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) 
(quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 803 
(Fed. Cir. 1999)). We agree with the parties that no construction of any 
claim term is necessary for purposes of our Final Decision. 
D. 
PETITIONER’S ASSERTED PRIOR ART 
We summarize Petitioner’s asserted prior art below. There is no 
dispute here that Lenhard, Vilkin, Itzkowitz, Kanaoka, Derks, and Shuber 
are prior art. See generally Resp. 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
15 
1. Lenhard (Ex. 1004) 
Lenhard is a journal article titled “Analysis of Promoter Methylation 
in Stool: A Novel Method for the Detection of Colorectal Cancer,” that 
indicates it was published in the journal Clinical Gastroenterology and 
Hepatology in 2005; it is prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Ex. 1004, 142. 
According to Lenhard, the detection of tumor-derived genetic changes 
in stool is a promising approach for CRC screening and the use of fecal 
occult blood testing (FOBT)11 alone or in combination with endoscopy, was 
recommended. Id. Lenhard states that, “FOBT, when applied regularly, can 
decrease CRC [(colorectal cancer)] mortality by only 15–33%.” Id. 
Lenhard describes a study involving the potential use of the gene 
hypermethylated in cancer 1 (“HIC1”) promoter methylation as a stool-
based DNA marker. Id. at 143. According to Lenhard, the promoter of 
HIC1 frequently is methylated in CRC, but not in normal or aging colonic 
tissue. Id. Lenhard states that it has shown that “HIC1 promoter 
methylation can be detected frequently and with high specificity in stool 
samples from patients with CRCs.” Id. 
 
11 As discussed above, and as described in the ’781 patent, there are two 
types of FOBT identified in the record: gFOBT and iFOBT. Ex. 1005, 
2519. gFOBT refers to “guaiac fecal occult blood test.” Id. This test is 
based on a chemical reaction between heme and guaiac, a compound 
isolated from Guaiacum trees, causing a color change. Ex. 1002 ¶ 51. 
iFOBT (sometimes called FIT, fecal immunochemical tests) refers to 
“immunochemical, fecal occult blood test,” which is “specific for human 
Hb,” i.e., human hemoglobin; the test is based on antibody detection of 
hemoglobin. Ex. 1005, 2519; see also Ex. 1002 ¶ 52. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
16 
Moreover, Lenhard states, “[t]he combination of HIC1 methylation 
analysis with FOBT allowed for detection of two thirds of CRCs.” Id. 
at 147. According to Lenhard, “[t]he combination of both assays resulted in 
increased detection rates for CRCs.” Id.; see also id. at 146 (Table 4) 
(providing data for positivity rates of HIC1 assay, FOBT assay, and 
combination of the tests). Lenhard further states that “[a]lthough the 
combined test detected all localized cancers, no increase in sensitivity for 
adenoma was seen.” Id. 
Lenhard states that stool samples were collected preoperatively from 
patients with verified CRCs and before colonoscopy for patients with 
adenomas larger than one centimeter. Id. Samples were received within ten 
hours after defecation at the laboratory, subjected to gFOBT (color change 
test) immediately on receipt, and then stored at -80oC until analyzed for 
methylated DNA. Id. at 143, 145. 
Lenhard expressly suggests performing FOBT in combination with 
another screening technique, i.e., colonoscopy and DNA testing. See 
generally id. Upon testing by combining FOBT with gene methylation 
analysis it found the combination effective to detect 2/3 of cancer instances. 
Id. at 146–47. The studied FOBT worked as well as reported in the past and 
the HIC1 was slightly better (more sensitive, detected some other types of 
cancer better). Id. at 147. Using both tests “resulted in increased detection 
rates.” Id. Lenhard compliments the combination of FOBT and HIC1 
detection as a “highly sensitive, specific, and easily analyzable” process. Id. 
2. Vilkin (Ex. 1005) 
Vilkin is a journal article titled “Performance Characteristics and 
Evaluation of an Automated-Developed and Quantitative, Immunochemical, 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
17 
Fecal Occult Blood Screening Test,” that indicates it was published in the 
American Journal of Gastroenterology in 2005; it is prior art under 
35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Ex. 1005. 
Vilkin explains that the standard gFOBT is faulted for its low 
sensitivity for significant colorectal neoplasia (i.e., CRC and advanced 
adenomatous polyps (“AAP”)), and low specificity due to nonspecificity for 
human hemoglobin (“Hb”). Id. at 2519. Vilkin explains that the 
introduction of central laboratory and office-developed iFOBT, specific for 
human Hb, improved specificity. Id. Vilkin describes a colonoscopy-
controlled study for a detailed evaluation of an automated desktop 
instrument for quantitative, immunochemical determination of fecal occult 
blood. Id. at 2523. 
Vilkin describes a fecal test sampling device shaped like a small test 
tube with a fecal probe that is inserted into the stool and then pushed back 
into the tube, through a membrane into a sample cup that includes an Hb 
stabilizing buffer. Id. at 2520. Vilkin’s labeled photograph (Figure 1) of 
this sampling device is reproduced below: 
 
 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
18 
Vilkin’s Figure 1, shown in part above, depicts and labels a fecal sample 
storage tube having a sample cup part, a filter, a scraper, and a cap with a 
prong and a spiral groove. Id. Vilkin states: 
The fecal test sampling device is shaped like a small test tube 
with the fecal probe inserted into it and sealing it. The probe 
has a serrated tip, which is poked into the stool and then pushed 
back into the tube, past a scrapper, and through a membrane 
into the sample cup. These remove most of the excess feces 
and leave the stool collected (about 10 mg) into the serrations 
(Fig. 1). The tip is then put in a closed amount of Hb 
stabilizing buffer. 
Id. Vilkin explains that the samples are double-closed in ziplock bags and 
kept in the refrigerator until returned to the laboratory where they are kept at 
4oC until development. Id. Vilkin explains that “[t]he instrument 
automatically mixes the fecal buffer solution with the latex-antihuman HbA 
antibody reagent.” Id. 
Vilkin discloses that iFOBT screening provides high sensitivity 
(76.5%) and acceptable specificity (95.3%; better than gFOBT); identifying 
six of six CRC patients, twenty of 28 advanced adenomatous polyp patients, 
and 26 of 34 neoplasia patients. Id. at 2522–23. Vilkin suggests a need to 
preserve the sample with buffer, no need to freeze, and stability for shipping 
to lab (3 weeks just refrigerated). Id. at 2523–24. Vilkin discloses that 
iFOBT was already proven effective in Japan and Hong Kong, and had the 
advantages of convenience, cost-reduced screening, and not requiring 
dietary restrictions. Id. at 2519. 
3. Itzkowitz (Ex. 1006) 
Itzkowitz is a journal article titled “Improved Fecal DNA Test for 
Colorectal Cancer Screening” that indicates it was published in the journal 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
19 
Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology in 2007; it is prior art under 
35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Ex. 1006. 
Itzkowitz explains that several studies have shown the feasibility of 
detecting colon tumor-specific products (i.e., colorectal cancer or CRC) in 
patient stool. Id. at 111. The markers for CRC in these studies represent 
alterations of genes. Id. Itzkowitz teaches that pilot studies showed that 
several technical and conceptual advances could improve fecal DNA testing 
sensitivity. Id. For example, adding a DNA-stabilizing buffer to the stool 
immediately after defecation (sample collection) was shown to prevent DNA 
degradation for several days and enhance the performance of a DNA 
integrity assay (“DIA”). Id. Also, Itzkowitz explains that promoter 
methylation has become recognized as a key pathway by which colon 
cancers develop and a marker for CRC. Id. 
Itzkowitz describes a two-phase study. Id. at 112. Phase 1 involved 
analyzing stool samples from approximately 50 patients with CRC and 200 
patients with normal colonoscopy to define suitable DIA cut-off values and 
to determine optimal markers for the new assay. Id. Phase 2, which was 
then ongoing, was designed as a validation set in which an additional 125 
patients with CRC and 200 patients with normal colonoscopy would be 
analyzed using the optimal marker panel from phase 1. Id. 
Itzkowitz explains that subjects were given a special stool collection 
kit to be mounted on a toilet bowl for sample collection. Id. Immediately 
after defecation (in the kit), the subject added 250 ml of a DNA-stabilizing 
buffer to the stool specimen and then shipped the specimen, at room 
temperature, overnight, to a laboratory for processing and analyzing. Id. 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
20 
Itzkowitz describes this as “a noninvasive screening test that is convenient, 
safe, and easy to perform at home.” Id. at 115. 
Itzkowitz discloses that fecal DNA testing was known to have 
advantages over existing fecal occult blood tests, that the ability to ship/mail 
samples for testing removes geographic access barriers, and that if a DNA 
preservation buffer is used, samples can be preserved, even at room 
temperature, for shipping to lab. Id. at 115. Itkowitz discloses that the 
observed improved sensitivity relating to the use of a DNA-preserving 
buffer and the related techniques was at the expense of a minor decrease in 
specificity, but that the “improved DNA preservation and extraction” 
technique was still “a better screening test.” Id. at 116. 
Itzkowitz discloses that, relating to its DNA sampling and 
preservation technique, “[i]nherent in the success of any screening test is 
patient acceptance,” and the authors’ experience was “a very high degree of 
patient satisfaction.” Itzkowitz concludes that “the assay complexity can be 
reduced significantly, thereby decreasing cost and facilitating the 
development of an assay kit that could be managed by local clinical 
laboratories,” and the goal is “to get patients screened who might otherwise 
avoid an invasive screening test.” Id. at 117. 
4. Kanaoka (Ex. 1007) 
Kanaoka, titled “METHOD OF DETECTING COLON CANCER 
MARKER,” is the September 28, 2006, publication of U.S. Application 
10/549,389, which was filed on September 19, 2003; Kanaoka is prior art 
under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Ex. 1007, codes (10), (43), (21), (22), (45). 
Kanaoka discloses that its invention relates to the following: 
It is intended to provide a non-invasive and convenient method 
of detecting a tumor marker for diagnosing colon cancer which 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
21 
is superior in sensitivity and specificity to the existing fecal 
occult blood test. More specifically speaking, a method of 
detecting a tumor marker for diagnosing colon cancer which 
comprises collecting biological sample which is immediately 
frozen using liquid nitrogen in some cases, homogenizing the 
sample in the presence of an inhibitor of an RNA digesting 
enzyme to give a suspension, extracting RNA from the obtained 
suspension, subjecting the extracted RNA to reverse 
transcription to give cDNA, amplifying the obtained cDNA and 
then detecting the thus amplified cDNA. This method is 
characterized by involving no procedure of separating cell 
components from the biological sample. 
Id. at Abstract. Kanaoka states that, “[t]he tumor marker used in the present 
invention is COX-2, matrixmetalloprotease (MMP), c-met, CD44 variants, 
EGF-R, EF-1, Wnt-2, Bradeion, SKP2, KPC-1, KPC-2, PRL-3, Angiogenin, 
Integrin, Snail, Dysadherin, or the like, and is preferably COX-2.” Id. ¶ 44. 
In one example, Kanaoka discloses that feces samples were obtained, 
separated into 1 g parts in 5 ml tubes, and then frozen. Id. ¶ 57. These 
samples were tested to measure human hemoglobin (Hb) by immunological 
fecal occult blood testing to obtain a comparison reference value. Id. Next, 
after homogenization, RNA was extracted from the samples and cDNA 
transcribed, and then amplified by PCR. Id. ¶¶ 57–58. Then, using primers 
designed for COX-2, CEA (carcinoembryonic antigen protein) and COX-2 
were detected. Each of CEA, COX-2, and blood via the iFOBT were 
detected in patients with colon cancer (almost every time). Id. ¶¶ 63–66. 
5. Derks (Ex. 1008) 
Derks, titled “Promoter methylation precedes chromosomal alterations 
in colorectal cancer development,” is an article published in 2006 in the 
journal Cellular Oncology; Derks is prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). 
Ex. 1008, 247. 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
22 
Derks states that “[c]olorectal cancers are characterized by genetic 
and epigenetic alterations” and its reported “study aimed to explore the 
timing of promoter methylation and relationship with mutations and 
chromosomal alterations in colorectal carcinogenesis.” Id. Derks states its 
study “evaluated promoter methylation status of hMLH1, O6 MGMT, APC, 
p14ARF, p16INK4A, RASSF1A, GATA-4, GATA-5, and CHFR using 
methylation-specific PCR. Mutation status of TP53, APC and KRAS genes 
were studied by p53 immunohistochemistry and sequencing of the APC and 
KRAS mutation cluster regions.” Id. Derks “conclude[d] that promoter 
methylation can be regarded as an early event preceding TP53 mutation and 
chromosomal abnormalities in colorectal cancer development.” Id. 
6. Shuber (Ex. 1009) 
Shuber, titled “Method for Stabilizing Biological Samples for Nucleic 
Acid Analysis,” is the December 1, 2005 published version of PCT 
Application PCT/US2005/017046; Shuber is prior art under 35 U.S.C. 
§ 102(b). Ex. 1009, codes (12), (21), (43), (54). 
Shuber states, “[d]isclosed is a method for preparing nucleic acid 
containing biological samples for a nucleic acid integrity assay and/or 
multiple mutation analysis by incubating the biological sample with a 
stabilization solution that includes a buffer, a chelating agent and a salt.” Id. 
at Abstract. 
Shuber discloses methods for preparing nucleic acid-containing 
biological samples for an assay to detect nucleic acid markers indicative of 
cancer. Id. at 1:11–13. According to Shuber, contacting a patient sample 
with a stabilization solution stabilizes the DNA so that intact nucleic acids 
indicative of diseased cells are more effectively detected in a nucleic acid 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
23 
integrity assay. Id. at 2:7–9. Shuber explains that a stabilization solution 
“may be particularly useful when samples are not refrigerated or frozen” and 
if a sample “is obtained at a remote location and mailed or delivered to a 
testing center.” Id. at 10:10–14. 
In one aspect of the Shuber invention, a stool sample may be directly 
deposited into a sealable container and a stabilization solution may be added 
to the container, after which the container may be sealed for 
storage/shipping to a test lab. Id. at 29:8–19. 
E. 
OBJECTIVE EVIDENCE OF NON-OBVIOUSNESS 
This decision ultimately analyzes all Graham factors, but, because 
each of the Grounds for unpatentability presented by Petitioner invokes the 
same objective indicia considerations, we address those considerations at the 
outset. In opposition to each of Petitioner’s grounds for unpatentability, 
Patent Owner argues that objective indicia of non-obviousness (which Patent 
Owner refers to as “secondary considerations”), in the form of commercial 
success, failures of others, long-felt and unmet need, industry praise, and 
copying, provide evidence of the claims’ patentability. Resp. 50–66. 
Petitioner argues, inter alia, that Patent Owner’s position on objective 
indicia of non-obviousness fails from the outset because Patent Owner does 
not establish a nexus exists between the evidence and the challenged claims. 
Reply 22–27. 
1. Nexus 
As noted above, a nexus is critical to objective indicia of non-
obviousness, and the Federal Circuit instructs that “[t]he patentee bears the 
burden of showing that a nexus exists.” Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1373 
(quoting WMS Gaming Inc. v. Int’l Game Tech., 184 F.3d 1339, 1359 (Fed. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
24 
Cir. 1999)). And, the Federal Circuit further instructs that, “[t]o determine 
whether the patentee has met that burden, we consider the correspondence 
between the objective evidence and the claim scope.” Id. (quoting Henny 
Penny, 938 F.3d at 1332). 
A rebuttable presumption of nexus between the asserted evidence of 
objective indicia of non-obviousness and a patent claim is established if the 
patent owner shows that evidence is tied to a specific product, which “is the 
invention disclosed and claimed,” i.e., the product “‘embodies the claimed 
features, and is coextensive with them.’” Demaco Corp. v. F. Von 
Langsdorff Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 1988) (emphasis 
added); Polaris Indus., Inc. v. Arctic Cat, Inc., 882 F.3d 1056, 1072 
(Fed. Cir. 2018) (quoting Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. v. Philip 
Morris Inc., 229 F.3d 1120, 1130 (Fed. Cir. 2000)). “Although we do not 
require the patentee to prove perfect correspondence to meet the 
coextensiveness requirement, what we do require is that the patentee 
demonstrate that the product is essentially the claimed invention.” Fox 
Factory, 944 F.3d at 1374 (emphasis added). 
Patent Owner points to the Cologuard product for the nexus required 
of its objective indicia of non-obviousness evidence. Resp. 50. More 
specifically, Patent Owner walks through the disclosure of the Cologuard 
Patient Guide (Ex. 2032) and maps it to the limitations of claims 1 and 3 to 
establish that the product embodies the claims and is coextensive therewith. 
Id. at 51–55 (citing Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 143–154; Ex. 2032, 6, 8, 14, 17–18, 20–28, 
30–31, 46). Patent Owner’s witness, Dr. Backman, testifies that there are 
“two critical aspects of screening tests,” such as the Cologuard product’s 
screening test, that result in product adoption: “diagnostic accuracy and 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
25 
uptake,” that is, “diagnostic performance” and “convenien[ce].” Ex. 1022 
¶ 55. 
For example, regarding commercial success, Patent Owner asserts 
Cologuard sales have grown over the years to the millions of tests and 
hundreds of millions (or, now, billions) of dollars in revenue. Resp. 55–58 
(citing, e.g., Ex. 2023 ¶¶ 36–38; Ex. 2029, 11; Ex. 2036; Ex. 2038 ¶ 40). 
Regarding the failures of others and the satisfaction of a long-felt and 
previously unmet need, Patent Owner points to CRC screening testing 
available (or not) before Cologuard, the introduction of Cologuard, and its 
success. Id. at 58–62. As for evidence of industry praise, again Patent 
Owner identifies that Cologuard has repeatedly been the subject of awards 
and praise. Id. at 62–63. Finally, regarding copying, Patent Owner asserts 
that Petitioner’s “ColoSense Collection Kit contains the same elements as 
Exact Science’ successful Cologuard Collection Kit.” Id. at 63–66. 
We have no reasonable doubt that aspects of the Cologuard product 
practice the invention of the ’781 patent’s claims 1 and 3, which are most 
generally directed to steps of collecting two portions of a fecal sample at 
home, and combining a respective buffer stabilizer/preservative with each of 
the two portions for claim 1, and then processing those fecal samples by 
testing for blood and nucleic acids (e.g., DNA) for claim 3. These appear to 
be nearly the most basic steps for using the Cologuard kit. See generally 
Ex. 2032. And, these steps do illustrate a certain ease of use and consumer-
friendliness that may be a contributing factor in Cologuard’s success. See, 
e.g., Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 140–142, 155, 158–159, 170–171. 
However, Petitioner argues that a nexus cannot be presumed to exist 
between the claims and the Cologuard product and, furthermore, that Patent 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
26 
Owner has not otherwise demonstrated a nexus, because Cologuard is 
“clearly not coextensive with the claimed method.” Reply 22 (citing 
Ex. 1080 ¶¶ 99–106). Petitioner argues that Cologuard is a multi-faceted 
product of which the components and processes covered by the ’781 patent 
are but a part, which is decisively illustrated by the fact that Patent Owner 
has marked the Cologuard product with dozens of other patents. Id. at 22–
23 (citing Ex. 1080 ¶ 105; Ex. 1081, 4; Ex. 1082, 7–46; Ex. 1083; Ex. 1084); 
see infra at 28–29 (listing such patents). Petitioner also identifies that Patent 
Owner itself has expressly stated that Cologuard’s “diagnostic accuracy 
‘may be attributed to the DNA marker and algorithm components of the 
test,’” and has also expressly attested to the Office that Cologuard’s success 
is attributable to a (later-patented, subsequent to the ’781 patent) 
“combination of markers and methods for extracting the marker DNA.” Id. 
at 24 (citing Ex. 1080 ¶¶ 111–112; Ex. 1085; Ex. 1086, 6–7, 9 (arguing to a 
patent examiner in an “After Final Amendment” dated July 31, 2015 in U.S. 
application 14/145,082, which issued as US 9,163,278 B2 (“the ’278 
patent”)12 on Oct. 20, 2015, that these later-claimed inventions were the 
reasons for Cologuard’s success and satisfaction of the long-felt need); 
Ex. 2008, 1295). 
We agree with Petitioner and are persuaded by its arguments. 
The Federal Circuit addressed facts similar to those before us here in 
Fox Factory, which dealt extensively with the issue of nexus and objective 
indicia of non-obviousness (which the Federal Circuit there called 
 
12 Office records show the ’278 patent includes claims to “[a] system for 
isolating a target human DNA from a human stool sample.” 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
27 
“secondary considerations”). Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1372. At the outset, 
the Court identified that “[i]n order to accord substantial weight to secondary 
considerations in an obviousness analysis, ‘the evidence of secondary 
considerations must have a ‘nexus’ to the claims, i.e., there must be ‘a 
legally and factually sufficient connection’ between the evidence and the 
patented invention.’” Id. at 1373 (quoting Henny Penny, 938 F.3d at 1332). 
The Fox Factory decision also addressed coextensiveness, a question of 
fact, stating that it is the cornerstone of the nexus requirement, that it is 
rarely shown by “perfect correspondence between the claimed invention and 
the product,” but that nexus is not present where “the patented invention is 
only a component of a commercially successful machine or process.” Id. 
at 1373–74. 
Fox Factory involved two patents, each with claims directed to 
aspects of bicycle chainrings (i.e., the gears turned by a bike’s pedals) and 
the configuration of teeth thereon, and a product called X-sync asserted to be 
the embodiment of the invention(s). Id. at 1369–70. The record of Fox 
Factory evidenced that the X-sync product indisputably included features 
that were “critical” and “more than an insignificant feature,” but not claimed 
in the first patent. Id. at 1374–75. These features of X-sync, unclaimed in 
that first patent, were touted by patentee as addressed by the second patent. 
Id. The patentee, in two separate proceedings before the Board over these 
two separate patents, had held up the X-sync product as evidencing objective 
indicia of non-obviousness for separate features of the product, which were 
claimed separately in the two different patents. 
The Federal Circuit held that there was no nexus on such evidence 
(although the patentee would be given a chance to prove nexus on remand). 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
28 
Id. at 1378. In so deciding, the Federal Circuit held that when there are 
features not claimed in a patent that materially impact the functionality of 
the product, nexus is not presumed. Id. at 1376. In later decisions, the 
Federal Circuit has clarified that critical unclaimed features are of particular 
importance. Teva Pharmas. Int’l GmbH v. Eli Lilly and Co., 8 F.4th 1349, 
1362–63 (Fed. Cir. 2021). Moreover, when analyzing the coextensiveness 
required for nexus, it cannot be reduced to “an inquiry into whether the 
patent claims broadly cover the product;” the product must be “the invention 
disclosed and claimed,” and not “only a component of a commercially 
successful machine or process.” Fox Factory, 944 F.3d at 1377 (quoting 
Demaco, 851 F.2d at 1392). 
Fox Factory involved evidence on only two patents covering a single 
product. Here, there are dozens of patents, in addition to the ’781 patent, 
identified as covering Cologuard. See Ex. 1084 (Exact Sciences’ website 
marking Cologuard patents). Cited Exhibit 1084 states: 
The Cologuard® test and its use are covered by one or more of 
the following patents, associated pending patent applications, or 
non-U.S. international equivalents: U.S. 8,361,720, 8,673,555, 
8,715,937, 8,722,330, 8,916,344, 8,969,046, 8,980,107, 
8,993,341, 8,999,176, 9,000,146, 9,024,006, 9,057,098, 
9,121,070, 9,121,071, 9,127,318, 9,163,278, 9,169,511, 
9,211,112, 9,212,392, 9,290,797, 9,315,853, 9,376,721, 
9,399,800, 9,631,228, 9,637,792, 9,657,330, 9,750,482, 
9,783,856, 9,803,249, 9,845,491, 9,856,515, 9,982,308, 
10,000,817, 10,047,390, 10,093,987, 10,106,844, 10,138,524, 
10,144,953, 10,196,676, 10,253,358, 10,265,054, D849,266, 
10,435,753, 10,450,614, 10,486,158, 10,519,510 10,590,489, 
10,604,793, 10,626,465, 10,702,250, 10,704,083, 10,808,286, 
10,822,639, 10,870,893, 10,889,867, 10,894,256, 11,634,781, 
11,845,991, and 11,970,746. This product and its use are also 
covered by patents pending in the U.S. and around the world. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
29 
Ex. 1084, 1 (emphasis added to highlight the ’781 patent challenged here 
and the ’278 patent, identified by Patent Owner as claiming particularly 
important elements of the Cologuard Product). 
Furthermore, during prosecution of the ’278 patent, Patent Owner 
expressed that elements of Cologuard not covered by the ’781 patent, but 
covered by the ’278 patent (i.e., “a particular combination of markers and 
methods for extracting the maker DNA,” “particular combination of ‘genes 
of interest,’” the “particular combination of reagents,” and also, potentially 
(there is no direct evidence this is covered by another patent), the diagnostic 
accuracy provided by “the DNA marker and algorithm components of the 
test”) are reasons for Cologuard’s successes where others failed.13 See 
Ex. 1086, 6–9 (note, this exhibit at page 7 cites the following Exhibit 2008 
as evidence supporting Patent Owner’s prosecution arguments); Ex. 2008, 
1294–95; see also Hr’g Tr. 44:12–45:4 (Patent Owner argued at the Final 
Hearing here that “detection of adenomas . . . is a critical feature”––in our 
reading, this is not expressly recited in or required by any claim of the ’781 
patent). 
Thus, even though aspects of the Cologuard product appear to 
embody claims of the ’781 patent, the product has a multitude of features not 
 
13 Patent Owner expressed that these unclaimed (by the ’781 patent) features 
“addressed [the] long-felt need and succeeded where others had failed, as 
evidenced by the first-ever FDA approval for the product containing these 
components.” Ex. 1086, 9. The fact that other patented inventions (of the 
’278 patent), not at issue in this proceeding, met the long-felt need and were 
the reason for success (of Cologuard) supports our giving little weight to 
Patent Owner’s arguments on long-felt need and failures of others/success of 
Patent Owner. 

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
30 
covered by the ’781 patent’s claims, some of which are critical unclaimed 
elements according to Patent Owner. Accordingly, Cologuard is not 
coextensive with the challenged claims, and no nexus between the product 
and the challenged claims is shown on this record. 
Other than mapping claims 1 and 3 to aspects of Cologuard, which we 
explained above is not indicative of the complete product, and asserting 
Cologuard embodies such claimed features to establish a nexus, Patent 
Owner does not address its many other patents that purportedly cover 
Cologuard, or its prior statements to the Office regarding important elements 
of Cologuard covered by the claims of other patents. Resp. 50–55; Sur-reply 
18–20. 
Although there is no nexus established here, for completeness we 
address Patent Owner’s specific asserted objective indicia arguments below. 
Patent Owner asserts commercial success, satisfaction of a long-felt need, 
praise, and copying (Resp. 55–66), and we discuss below the flaws in Patent 
Owner’s positions, including why Patent Owner has not persuasively 
established coextensiveness with the claims of the ’781 patent sufficient to 
establish a nexus for these indicia. 
2. Commercial Success, Long-Felt Need (and Failures), Praise, 
and Copying 
Where a party is not entitled to a presumption of nexus, it bears the 
burden of showing that the success of the product is “a direct result of 
unique characteristics of the claimed invention.” Fox Factory, Inc., 944 
F.3d at 1373–74. Patent Owner does not show here that success is the 
“direct result of unique characteristics of the claimed invention.” For each 
of the alleged objective indicia, we address whether the evidence supports 
the existence of a nexus even absent a presumption. 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
31 
Regarding commercial success, Patent Owner asserts that the billions 
in revenue from sales of Cologuard (through 2023), due to the “diagnostic 
accuracy and uptake” of the product, are reflected in the ’781 patent’s 
claims, particularly the recited addition of buffers to the sample portions and 
the recited “at-home collection,” and are evidence of the non-obviousness of 
the challenged claims. Resp. 55–58; see also Ex. 2023 ¶ 37. We agree that 
Cologuard sales have been substantial. See, e.g., Ex. 2038, 40. However, 
the record does not support that Cologuard’s sales are due to the invention 
claimed in the ’781 patent. Petitioner points out that the Cologuard product 
had and has market exclusivity (provided by, e.g., other patents and FDA 
approval), and that Patent Owner has publicly stated that it spent over $3 
billion on sales/marketing for Cologuard. Reply 26 (citing Ex. 1087; 
Ex. 2023 ¶ 13); see also Ex. 1086, 9 (identifying Cologuard as the “first-ever 
FDA approval for the product containing . . . components” claimed by 
another patent). “[T]here may be many reasons a product is commercially 
successful; it is only where the success is due to the claimed invention that 
commercial success can show nonobviousness,” and here there is evidence 
that factors other than the ’781 patent’s claimed invention may have 
contributed to Cologuard’s commercial success. UCB, Inc. v. Actavis Labs. 
UT, Inc., 65 F.4th 679, 695 (Fed. Cir. 2023). Patent Owner has not 
established that Cologuard’s commercial success is due to the ’781 patent’s 
claimed invention, rather than other factors and, for this reason as well, we 
give this evidence little weight. 
Regarding the asserted long-felt need, Patent Owner argues that the 
accessibility of the Cologuard product for patients satisfied a need for “a 
CRC screening test with sufficient diagnostic accuracy,” and that “low 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
32 
screening levels of individuals within the recommended screening groups 
persisted until the introduction of Cologuard.” Resp. 60–61 (emphasis 
added) (citing Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 169–170, 172–174; Ex. 2049, 2; Ex. 2050, 10; 
Ex. 2052, 4–5). Patent Owner argues that Cologuard met these needs “due 
to [its] non-invasive nature and lack of complications,” which addressed “all 
major limitations of the other attempts at CRC screening.” Id. The 
Cologuard product appears to meet the above needs, and has been accepted 
and purchased by a large population of patients, as asserted by Patent 
Owner, but there is no persuasive evidence that this is due to the invention 
claimed in the ’781 patent rather than the inventions covered by the dozens 
of other Cologuard-protecting patents, including the diagnostic accuracy 
attributed to the DNA marker and algorithm components, and methods for 
extracting DNA, claimed in the ’278 patent, which appear to at least 
contribute to meeting the alleged long-felt need. See Ex. 1086, 6–9; 
Ex. 1085; Reply 24–25; see also Ex. 2008, 1295 (diagnostic accuracy 
attributable to DNA markers and algorithm of test). For these reasons also, 
we give this evidence little weight. 
As for the asserted industry praise, Patent Owner identifies several 
instances where Cologuard has won awards or earned public praise, for 
example, as the best medical technology product of 2016, the “best of what’s 
new” in 2014, and as an “emerging tech” in 2015. Resp. 62–63. But, other 
than recognizing the product generally as innovative and praiseworthy, it is 
not apparent from the record that such praise can be attributed to the 
invention of the challenged claims rather than some other element(s) of 
Cologuard covered by its dozens of other patents, as discussed above. See 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
33 
Ex. 2042; Ex. 2043; Ex. 2044; Ex. 2045; Ex. 2046; see also Ex. 1086, 6–9; 
Ex. 2008. For this reason, also, we give this evidence little weight. 
Finally, Patent Owner has identified that Petitioner has developed a 
product called ColoSense that Patent Owner alleges copies “the same 
elements as Exact Sciences’ successful Cologuard Collection Kit.” 
Resp. 63. At a high level, the ColoSense kit appears similar to Cologuard 
because it appears to be intended for providing a fecal sample at home for 
CRC screening (by detecting nucleic acids and blood) and its kit has 
containers for two portioned parts of the sample with respective 
preservatives/buffers. Id. at 64–65 (citing Ex. 2053, 37–40). Patent Owner 
also, however, identifies in this same argument that “[n]ucleic acid is 
extracted” from one portion of the sample and “tested for an amount of 
nucleic acid,” which is subject matter relating to claims of other patents 
covering Cologuard (or at least not covered by the ’781 patent). Id. at 65 
(citing Ex. 2053, 54–56); see also Ex. 1086, 6–9; Ex. 2008, 1295. It is 
unclear whether the asserted copying is directed to the challenged claims or 
the claims of other Cologuard patents, or some combination thereof. 
Because Patent Owner’s Cologuard cannot be said to be coextensive with 
the challenged claims, evidence of copying Cologuard, even if taken as true, 
cannot be given substantial weight because of the same nexus issues 
discussed above. Moreover, “copying ‘requires evidence of efforts to 
replicate a specific product,’” and even established “infringement, taken 
alone, is not probative of copying.” Tokai Corp. v. Easton Ent., Inc., 632 
F.3d 1358, 1370 (Fed. Cir. 2011) (quoting Wyers v. Master Lock Co., 616 
F.3d 1231, 1246 (Fed. Cir. 2010); Iron Grip Barbell Co., Inc. v. USA Sports, 
Inc., 392 F.3d 1317, 1325 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). Similarity between products, 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
34 
which is the only evidence of record with respect to copying, does not 
establish copying. For these reasons, we give this evidence little weight. 
3. Summary and Conclusion 
For the reasons discussed above, and because the nexus issue affects 
each basis for objective indicia of non-obvious asserted by Patent Owner, we 
give no substantial weight to any of Patent Owner’s arguments on such 
indicia. In re Affinity Labs of Texas, LLC, 856 F.3d 883, 901 (Fed. Cir. 
2017) (without an established nexus between the claimed invention and 
asserted objective indicia of non-obviousness, such arguments are accorded 
little weight). 
In any event, even if any of the alleged objective indica of non-
obvious were entitled to some weight, after analysis of all the obviousness 
considerations on the complete record as discussed below, we find that the 
evidence of obviousness on this record is quite strong and substantially 
outweighs any indicia of non-obviousness on this unique record. Pfizer, Inc. 
v. Apotex, Inc., 480 F.3d 1348, 1372 (Fed. Cir. 2007) (“Although secondary 
considerations must be taken into account, they do not necessarily control 
the obviousness conclusion.”). 
F. 
OBVIOUSNESS OVER LENHARD, VILKIN, AND ITZKOWITZ, ALSO 
COMBINED WITH KANAOKA OR DERKS (GROUNDS 1, 2, AND 3) 
Under Ground 1, Petitioner asserts that the combination of Lenhard, 
Vilkin, and Itzkowitz would have rendered claims 1–9, 11, and 14–20 
obvious and, therefore, these claims are unpatentable. Pet. 12, 20–43 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 12:35–39, 12:47–49; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 142–161, 163–223; Ex. 1004, 
142–145, 147 (and generally); Ex. 1005, 2519–24, Fig. 1, Table 1 (and 
generally); Ex. 1006, 111–12, 115–17 (and generally); Ex. 1010, 210, 214; 
Ex. 1024, 29–30; Ex. 1025, 186, 190; Ex. 1028, 7:45–46, Fig. 2; Ex. 1029, 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
35 
140). Under Ground 2, Petitioner addresses dependent claims 12 and 13 and 
asserts that this same prior art combination, with the addition of Kanaoka, 
would have rendered the claims obvious and unpatentable. Pet. 12, 43–46 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 224–230; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–26, 47–48, 55–68, 76; 
Ex. 1030, 131). Under Ground 3, Petitioner asserts that dependent claim 10 
would have been obvious and unpatentable over the same prior art 
combination as in Ground 1, with the addition of Derks. Pet. 12, 46–47 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 231–234; Ex. 1004, 148; Ex. 1008, 252, Table 3b). 
Patent Owner opposes each of these grounds for unpatentability. 
Resp. 21–39 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 74; Ex. 1004, 2–3, 5–7, Tables 2, 4 (and 
generally); Ex. 1005, 3–4, 6–8, Table 3; Ex. 1006, 2, 6–7; Ex. 1013, 7; 
Ex. 1024, 4, 29; Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 29, 56, 58, 61–62, 67, 69–70, 76, 95–119; 
Ex. 2027, 148:14–22, 149:18–150:20, 169:13–17); see also Sur-reply. 
Patent Owner argues Grounds 1–3 together as a group, indicating that 
Grounds 2 and 3 fall (or, conversely, stand) with Ground 1, and also 
asserting that Kanaoka (relating to Ground 2), like Lenhard, would not have 
motivated the ordinarily skilled artisan to combine the prior art to achieve 
the invention, but would have discouraged them. Id. at 49 (citing Ex. 1007 
¶¶ 65–67; Ex. 2022 ¶ 138). 
We summarize below the parties’ positions and provide our reasoning 
and analysis supporting our conclusions. 
1. Petitioner’s Positions 
Petitioner asserts that: (1) Lenhard discloses a non-invasive CRC 
screening method where a fecal sample is separated into two portions so that 
a first portion is tested for blood using gFOBT and the second portion is 
tested for tumor-derived DNA (i.e., nucleic acids) using methylation of the 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
36 
HIC1 gene promoter as a detectable biomarker; (2) Vilkin discloses an 
improved fecal-blood-detection technique, that is, iFOBT paired with buffer 
stabilization of the sample (suggested to be collected at home, and separated 
from a larger sample), which would have been an obvious replacement for 
and improvement on Lenhard’s gFOBT technique; and (3) Itzkowitz 
discloses that adding a DNA stabilizing buffer to a fecal sample to be used 
for CRC screening (collected at home) improves the technique and would be 
an obvious addition to Lenhard’s process. Pet. 20–26 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 142–161; Ex. 1004, 142–145, 147; Ex. 1005, 2519–20, 2524; Ex. 1006, 
111–12, 116–17; Ex. 1010, 214; Ex. 1024, 29–30; Ex. 1025, 186, 190). 
Petitioner asserts that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
recognized from Lenhard that combining genetic analysis and blood 
detection in respectively portioned stool samples was advantageous because 
it allowed for the detection of “two thirds of CRCs,” increasing the detection 
rate over either technique alone. Id. at 21 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 142; Ex. 1004, 
142–45); see also Ex. 1002 ¶ 140 (“A POSA would understand from the 
disclosure of Lenhard that combining a DNA methylation test with FOBT 
resulted in a diagnostic process that is more sensitive than when either test 
was performed alone.”). 
Moreover, Petitioner asserts that the ordinarily skilled artisan would 
have recognized from Vilkin (and the relevant prior art, generally) that 
Lenhard’s gFOBT technique was inferior to Vilkin’s iFOBT+stabilizing 
buffer technique for fecal blood detection because the latter used a known 
automated analysis, had higher sensitivity and acceptable specificity, did not 
require dietary restrictions, used a preferred sample handling method, was 
quantitative so as to allow the physician to set optimal fecal Hb thresholds 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
37 
for a patient, and would permit at-home sample collection. Pet. 21–23 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 143–147; Ex. 1005, 2519–20, 2524; Ex. 1010, 214; 
Ex. 1024, 29–30). 
Finally, Petitioner asserts that the ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
recognized from Itzkowitz that collecting a fecal sample directly in a 
sealable container (as was already known) and using a DNA stabilizing 
buffer (also already well-known) would have been obvious improvements to 
Lenhard’s two-test screening method because the sample could be reliably 
shipped to a diagnostic lab for analysis without freezing, and patient 
satisfaction would be improved. Id. at 23–26 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 148–158; 
Ex. 1006, 111–12, 116–17; Ex. 1025, 186, 190). 
Petitioner asserts that the combination of Lenhard, Vilkin, and 
Itzkowitz would improve the screening technique introduced by Lenhard for 
the reasons above and, so, the person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
been motivated to make the prior art combination and, because combining 
the features of these three references would have been routine, the ordinarily 
skilled artisan would have had a reasonable expectation of success. Id. at 26 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶ 161). 
After addressing the reasons for combining the asserted prior art, 
Petitioner maps the disclosures of the references to the limitations and 
elements of the challenged claims. 
Regarding independent claim 1, if its preamble (“A method of 
processing a freshly-collected fecal sample without freezing”) is a limitation, 
Petitioner asserts it is taught by Lenhard’s disclosure of sample collection 
and portioning, Vilkin’s disclosure of iFOBT+stabilizing buffer and 
Itzkowitz’s disclosure of DNA stabilizing buffer to be used in Lenhard’s 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
38 
method, where the use of stabilizing buffers mean the sample needs at most 
refrigeration and not freezing. Id. at 26–27 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 164–167; 
Ex. 1005, 2520; Ex. 1006, 112). 
Moving on to the first clause (a) of claim 1 (“collecting a fecal sample 
from a human subject, wherein the fecal sample is collected at home by the 
human subject by defecation directly into a sealable collection vessel”), 
Petitioner asserts this is taught by Itkowitz’s disclosure of patients collecting 
fecal samples directly in a sealable container, on a toilet, at home, which 
sample is then shipped to a lab. Id. at 27–28 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 169–172; 
Ex. 1006, 112, 115; Ex. 1026, 2; Ex. 1028, 7:45–49, Fig. 2). 
Regarding the next clause (b) of independent claim 1 (“removing a 
portion of the fecal sample to a separate sealable container to produce a 
removed portion and a remaining portion of the fecal sample”), Petitioner 
asserts Lenhard teaches that a fecal sample is divided in two portions, one to 
be analyzed for blood and one to be analyzed for DNA, each in a separate 
sealable container as taught by Vilkin. Id. at 28–30 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 173–
176; Ex. 1004, 143–45; Ex. 1005, 2520, Fig. 1). 
As to the penultimate clause (c) of claim 1 (“combining the removed 
portion of the fecal sample in the separate sealable container with a buffer 
that prevents denaturation or degradation of blood proteins found in a fecal 
sample, and sealing the sealable container”), Petitioner asserts that Vilkin 
teaches this in disclosing its fecal sample is added to a sample storage tube 
with Hb stabilizing buffer, which is closed and sealed. Id. at 30–31 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 177–178; Ex. 1005, 2520–21). 
As to claim 1’s final clause (d) (“combining the remaining portion of 
the fecal sample in the sealable collection vessel with a stabilizing buffer, 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
39 
and sealing the collection vessel”), Petitioner asserts it is taught by 
Itzkowitz’s disclosure of providing DNA stabilizing buffer with its fecal 
sample to prevent DNA degradation, in a collection vessel, that is sealed. Id. 
at 31–32 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 163–183; Ex. 1006, 111–12, 116–17). 
Petitioner also maps the disclosure of the prior art to each dependent 
claim of the ’781 patent. 
Regarding claim 2, which depends from claim 1 and further requires 
“delivering [the portioned sample] to a medical diagnostics laboratory,” 
Petitioner asserts the prior art combination teaches this because each 
reference discloses delivering fecal samples to a laboratory for testing. 
Pet. 32–33 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 184–186; Ex. 1004, 143; Ex. 1005, 2520; 
Ex. 1006, 112). This factual assertion is not specifically disputed by Patent 
Owner. See Resp. 21–39, 49; Sur-reply 2–14. 
Claim 3 is directed to a method of processing the portioned sample of 
claim 1 by testing the first sample portion “for an amount of blood protein” 
and testing the second sample portion, after “extracting nucleic acid,” for 
“an amount of human nucleic acid,” which Petitioner asserts is taught by 
Lenhard’s and Vilkin’s disclosing FOBT testing of fecal samples, and 
Lenhard’s and Itzkowitz’s disclosing isolation of DNA and DNA testing of 
fecal samples. Pet. 33–35 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 189–198; Ex. 1004, 143–44; 
Ex. 1005, 2519, 2522, Table 1; Ex. 1006, 112). These factual assertions are 
not specifically disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 21–39, 49; Sur-reply 
2–14. 
Regarding claim 4, which requires “determining expression from a 
human gene” when testing for the nucleic acid of claim 3, claim 5, which 
requires that such expression comprises identifying “an epigenic 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
40 
modification,” and claim 6, which requires “measuring an amount of a 
methylated human DNA,” Petitioner asserts that Lenhard and Itzkowitz each 
teaches this claimed subject matter in disclosing testing for methylated 
human DNA in fecal samples. Pet. 36–38 (citing Ex. 1001, 12:35–39 
(describing “epigenetic modification”); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 194, 199–206; 
Ex. 1004, 142, 144; Ex. 1006, 111). These factual assertions are not 
specifically disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 21–39, 49; Sur-reply 2–
14. 
Regarding claims 7, 8, and 9, which respectively require that the 
epigenetic modification analyzed “comprises aberrant methylation,” that the 
“aberrant methylation comprises hypermethylation,” and that the human 
DNA “comprises a gene and/or a promoter region of a gene,” Petitioner 
asserts this is taught by Lenhard disclosing testing fecal samples for 
hypermethylated HIC1 promoter DNA and by Itzkowitz disclosing testing 
for vimentin gene hypermethylation. Pet. 38–39 (citing Ex. 1001, 12:47–49 
(describing “aberrant methylation”); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 207–212; Ex. 1004, 142–
43; Ex. 1006, 115). These factual assertions are not specifically disputed by 
Patent Owner. See Resp. 21–39, 49; Sur-reply 2–14. 
Regarding claim 11, which requires “modifying the nucleic acid with 
bisulfate ions under conditions where[] unmethylated cytosine is converted 
to uracil,” Petitioner again points to Lenhard’s disclosure of detecting HIC1 
promoter methylation and Itzkowitz’s disclosure of testing for vimentin gene 
methylation, each of which, according to Petitioner, detects DNA 
methylation using bisulfite conversion, where bisulfite ions are used to 
convert unmethylated cytosine to uracil (asserting the claim’s reference to 
“bisulfate” instead of “bisulfite” is a typographical error). Pet. 39–40 (citing 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
41 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 105 (testifying that no assay for epigenetic modification 
modifies nucleic acid with “bisulfate” and the ’781 patent describes 
“bisulfite” at Ex. 1001, 13:34–63, 36:52–57, 37:1–2), 213–215; Ex. 1004, 
144; Ex. 1006, 112). These factual assertions are not specifically disputed 
by Patent Owner. See Resp. 21–39, 49; Sur-reply 2–14. 
Claim 14 requires that, in the method of claim 3, testing for blood 
protein “comprises testing for a concentration of hemoglobin,” and claim 15 
requires that this testing for hemoglobin “comprises immunochemical 
detection of hemoglobin,” which Petitioner asserts is taught by Vilkin in 
disclosing iFOBT, which (quantitatively) tests for hemoglobin. Pet. 40–41 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 216–219; Ex. 1005, 2519–22, Table 1). This factual 
assertion is not specifically disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 21–39, 49; 
Sur-reply 2–14. 
Regarding claims 16–20, each requires detecting a certain threshold of 
hemoglobin in the fecal sample, i.e., at least 5, 10, 20, 50, or 200 ng/ml, 
Petitioner asserts such would have been obvious over the prior art 
combination because these thresholds amount to routine optimization of a 
result-effective variable; Vilkin explains that the physician can choose an 
optimal fecal hemoglobin threshold to trigger a follow-up colonoscopy. 
Pet. 41–43 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 221–223; Ex. 1005, 2520–21, 2523–24; 
Ex. 1010, 210; Ex. 1029, 140). These factual assertions are not specifically 
disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 21–39, 49; Sur-reply 2–14. 
As noted above, regarding claims 12 and 13, Petitioner adds the 
teachings of Kanaoka to the Lenhard-Vilkin-Itzkowitz combination in 
asserting obviousness. Claim 12 requires measuring RNA expressed from a 
gene and claim 13 requires that the RNA is measured using reverse 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
42 
transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), each of which Petitioner 
asserts is taught by Kanaoka in disclosing a COX-2 RNA biomarker 
detection process, using RT-PCR, which would be combined with the other 
prior art and used with a reasonable expectation of success because 
Kanaoka’s successful working example “has a higher detection sensitivity,” 
and would complement the other references’ detection processes. Pet. 43–
45 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 224–230; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–26, 47–48, 55–68, 76; 
Ex. 1030, 131). 
As noted above, regarding claim 10, Petitioner adds the teachings of 
Derks to the Lenhard-Vilkin-Itzkowitz combination in asserting 
obviousness. Claim 10 requires that the gene having an epigenetic 
modification be selected from the group consisting of PHACTR3, NDRG4, 
FOXE1, GATA4, GPNMB, TFP12, SOX17, SYNE1, LAMA, MMP2, 
OSMR, SFRP2, and CDO1, and Petitioner asserts this is taught by Derks in 
disclosing testing for GATA-4, which Petitioner asserts would be combined 
with Lenhard’s method, with a reasonable expectation of success, as another 
biomarker because Lenhard suggests adding more markers for higher 
sensitivity and specificity. Id. at 46–47 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 231–234; 
Ex. 1004, 148; Ex. 1008, 250, 252, Table 3b). These factual assertions are 
not specifically disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 39–49; Sur-reply 14–
18. 
Having summarized Petitioner’s positions on the prior art 
combinations and their teaching of the claimed subject matter, we turn to 
Patent Owner’s positions in opposition. 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
43 
2. Patent Owner’s Positions 
As noted above, Patent Owner disputes Petitioner’s positions and 
argues that the challenged claims have not been shown to be unpatentable. 
We have already addressed Patent Owner’s arguments relating to objective 
indicia of non-obviousness above, concluded that they are entitled to little 
weight, and will not revisit the issue. We review Patent Owner’s other 
arguments below. 
Patent Owner first argues that the Lenhard-Vilkin-Itzkowitz 
combination does not teach or suggest the claimed invention (however, this 
and each of Patent Owner’s arguments appears to relate more to whether 
motivation to combine the prior art existed). Resp. 22–24 (citing Ex. 1004, 
143; Ex. 1005, 2521; Ex. 1006, 112–13; Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 56, 69–70, 76, 112, 
114).14 Patent Owner argues that the Petitioner “picks and chooses” from 
Vilkin and Itzkowitz impermissibly to infer a motivation to modify Lenhard 
and that only “impermissible hindsight” would have led the ordinarily 
skilled artisan to make such changes to Lenhard. Id. at 22–23. Patent 
Owner argues Lenhard’s samples were frozen and the reference does not 
provide details on sample collection, that Vilkin’s methods require 
refrigeration, and Itzkowitz does not disclose separation of its sample and 
does disclose that patients prefer DNA testing to FOBT. Id. at 22–24. 
 
14 Patent Owner cites the added pagination of Petitioner’s exhibits. 
Petitioner’s briefing cites the references’ original page numbers, as did our 
Institution Decision. Because of the burden of continuously translating 
Patent Owner’s citations, we provide these initial cites to specific pages of 
the evidence in addressing Patent Owner’s argument, but may not repeat it. 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
44 
Patent Owner continues, arguing that Petitioner fails to establish that 
an ordinarily skilled artisan would have been motivated to combine the 
references, presenting several arguments. Resp. 24–37 (citing Ex. 1004, 
143–44, 146, 148, Tables 2, 4; Ex. 1005, 2519–20, 2522–24; Ex. 1006, 116–
117; Ex. 1013, 1576; Ex. 1024, 29; Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 29, 61–62, 67, 95–101, 103–
119; Ex. 2027, 169:13–17). Patent Owner’s first point is that Petitioner 
offers no explanation as to why the ordinarily skilled artisan would make 
CRC screening “more complex” for the sake of improving sensitivity by 
following Lenhard’s teaching of combining DNA and FOBT testing, rather 
than trying to improve either style of test individually. Id. at 25–26. Patent 
Owner also argues that the combination test of Lenhard did not improve 
screening adenomas and that Lenhard itself identified other markers than its 
HIC1 as more sensitive (i.e., the SFRP2 marker). Id. at 26–27. Patent 
Owner argues that each of Vilkin’s and Itzkowitz’s test were more sensitive 
than Lenhard’s combination test, suggesting that individual test styles would 
be preferred. Id. at 27–29. Relating to these arguments, Patent Owner also 
argues that Petitioner’s proposed combination would have been “highly 
unpredictable,” because combinations of biomarkers may perform worse 
than (or show no improvement over) using individual markers. Id. at 29–30. 
Patent Owner argues that, considering Lenhard as a whole, the 
reference would have dissuaded the person of ordinary skill in the art from 
following its combo-screening test because, although increased sensitivity 
was achieved, there was also increased complexity and decreased specificity. 
Resp. 30–32. Further, the two-test technique of Lenhard did not improve 
detection of adenomas. Id. at 32. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
45 
Patent Owner also argues that the ordinarily skilled artisan would 
have been dissuaded from using Vilkin’s techniques because of the required 
multi-day collection steps and the need for refrigeration until shipping to a 
lab. Id. at 32–34. 
Patent Owner also argues that the combination of tests upon 
combining the prior art would have increased complexity (a repeated point) 
and costs, which would have de-motivated the artisan from following 
Petitioner’s proposed course of prior art combination. Id. at 34–37. 
Patent Owner argues that increasing patient interaction with a fecal 
sample, as per Petitioner’s proposed combination of the prior art, would 
have de-motivated the ordinarily skilled artisan. Resp. 37–39. Patent 
Owner argues that Lenhard does not teach that the patient separates the 
sample, but only that the sample is separated, that Vilkin does not specify 
what constitutes its Hb stabilizing buffer, and Itzkowitz does not identify its 
DNA-stabilizing buffer. Id. at 37–39. 
Patent Owner concludes with the argument that the person of ordinary 
skill in the art, rather than separating and respectively buffering two portions 
of a fecal sample, would have instead not separated the sample and used a 
single stabilizing buffer to preserve both nucleic acid and blood protein. Id. 
at 39. 
Although Patent Owner predominantly argues over Grounds 1–3 and 
claims 1–20 as a group, Patent Owner provides separate arguments for 
Ground 2, taking the position that Kanaoka’s results using COX-2 as a 
biomarker, with iFOBT, for CRC screening were not sufficiently strong so 
that an ordinarily skilled artisan would have considered following Kanaoka. 
See Resp. 49 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 65–67); Sur-reply 18. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
46 
3. Analysis 
Although Patent Owner’s arguments most heavily attack whether the 
ordinarily skilled artisan would have been motivated, i.e., had a reason, to 
combine Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz, initially Patent Owner asserts that 
this prior art combination fails to teach the entirety of the subject matter of 
independent claim 1. See Resp. 22–24. We conclude that Petitioner has 
shown that the combination of Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz teaches or 
suggests the entirety of the invention defined by the challenged claims. 
Because Patent Owner focuses its arguments only on the broadest invention 
covered by independent claim 1 and does not argue over Petitioner’s proof 
as to the dependent claims, we, too, focus on claim 1. We adopt Petitioner’s 
arguments and evidence as to claims 2–20 under Grounds 1–3. See supra 
Section II.F.1 (review of Petitioner’s assertions regarding dependent claims). 
Claim 1 is reproduced above (see supra Sections I.C (reproduced in 
full), II.F.1 (reproduced in a series of quoted limitations)), but, to 
summarize, it requires a method of processing “freshly-collected” and 
unfrozen fecal matter by collecting it “at home,” by defecation into a 
sealable vessel, removing a portion of the sample and combining it with a 
buffer to preserve blood proteins, and combining the other portion of the 
sample with a stabilizing buffer (later claimed to preserve nucleic acids, e.g., 
DNA or RNA). Ex. 1001, 45:21–47:4. As described and claimed in the 
’781 patent, this method is used to detect blood proteins and/or target 
epigenetically modified DNA (or RNA), which, as discussed above, may 
detect colorectal cancer (CRC), although this ultimate objective or result is 
not required by any challenged claim. See id. at 45:39–67 (claims 2–20). 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
47 
Petitioner’s evidence shows that, before the priority date of the 
challenged claims, CRC screening by processing two portions of a human 
fecal sample to detect the presence of blood and/or epigenetically modified 
DNA (isolated, bisulfite-treated, purified, and PCR-amplified) was taught by 
Lenhard, which disclosed that a combined gFOBT+hypermethylated HIC1 
detection method worked well to detect CRCs; and “[t]he combination of 
both assays resulted in increased detection rates for CRCs.” Ex. 1004, 142–
43, 145–48; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 109–115, 139–142 (discussing Lenhard). 
Other possible genetic markers for CRC were also identified by Lenhard; 
e.g., hypermethylation at SFRP2, SFRP5, PGR, hMLH1, and HPP1, or other 
methylation markers, possibly used in combination with one another. Id. 
at 143, 148. 
Lenhard unquestionably teaches a combined blood and nucleic acid, 
dual-portioned, fecal screening test for CRCs, but it is by no means the only 
incidence or suggestion of such in the prior art of record. 
In 2001, Nishikawa disclosed a CRC screening method using DNA 
extracted from stool to detect mutations that may identify cancer, compared 
it to FOBT screening of the sample, and concluded that the DNA testing was 
“highly specific, noninvasive, and cost-effective, and should provide a more 
sensitive and specific tool for mass screening of colorectal cancer than is 
currently available, especially if used in combination with fecal occult 
blood testing.” Ex. 1011, 107–08, 112 (emphasis added). 
In 2005, Kutzner disclosed that a combined FOBT and genetic screen 
(called “molecular diagnosis (MD)”) for target DNA alterations was 
effective to screen for CRC and “[t]he combined application of the two 
methods together led to a significantly higher sensitivity than the 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
48 
application of any of the methods alone,” and “suggest[ed] that MD and 
FOBT should complement rather than replace each other.” Ex. 1012, 33–
37, 40 (emphasis added). 
And, in 2008, Levin disclosed that the “range of options for CRC 
screening” included “2 general categories: stool tests, which include tests for 
occult blood or exfoliated DNA,” such as guaiac-based fecal occult blood 
tests and fecal immunological tests (respectively, gFOBT and FIT), and 
structural exams, which include, inter alia, “colonoscopy (CSPY),” and 
further disclosed that “[t]hese tests may be used alone or in combination,” 
that “[c]ollection kits [for FOBT and DNA testing] ha[d] been designed to 
facilitate specimen collection and mailing and to enhance compliance,” and 
reported that data showed “combined results from a standard gFOBT and a 
panel of DNA markers (APC, BAT26, and L-DNA) resulted in a combined 
sensitivity for cancer of 93% and specificity of 89%.” Ex. 1013, 1570–78 
(emphasis added). 
None of Nishikawa, Levin, or Kutzner is asserted by Petitioner here 
against the claims as prior art, but each supports Petitioner’s position, as 
explained by Petitioner’s declarant, that, before the priority date of the ’781 
patent, there was nothing new or non-obvious about CRC screening by 
detecting both blood and DNA markers in a respectively portioned fecal 
sample, as taught by Lenhard. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 32, 49, 60, 62–65, 98, 241, 
243–244 (discussing Nishikawa, Levin, and Kutzner). 
As noted above, Lenhard disclosed the detection of blood in fecal 
samples using gFOBT (a blue color reaction indicated a positive result). 
Ex. 1004. Vilkin teaches that, as of 2005, there was a better test for blood in 
fecal samples––iFOBT (immunochemical detection of Hb). Ex. 1005, 2519. 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
49 
Vilkin discloses that it was known that gFOBT had “low sensitivity for . . . 
CRC . . . and low specificity due to nonspecificity for human hemoglobin”; 
it required “diet restrictions” as well. Id. Vilkin explains that the iFOBT 
screen overcame these drawbacks and also offered quantitative results 
whereby a threshold could be set for colonoscopy. Id. Petitioner combines 
Vilkin’s teachings with Lenhard’s for this subject matter, substituting 
Lenhard’s gFOBT screen with Vilkin’s better iFOBT screen, and with it 
Vilkin’s associated disclosed sampling device (tube) for (use at home in) 
portioning, storing, and preserving in an Hb stabilizing buffer, the fecal 
sample portion to be so tested, which did not require freezing, but only used 
refrigeration until its return to a lab for testing. Id. at 2520. With such a 
modification to Lenhard’s methods and materials, most of the required steps 
of claim 1 are taught and obvious (i.e., the claim’s preamble, the collection 
of a sample at home, removing a portion of the sample and combining it 
with a blood-protein-preserving buffer). 
As noted above, Lenhard teaches screening of epigenetically modified 
nucleic acids, but does not mention sample-preserving with a stabilizing 
buffer. For this, Petitioner points to the teachings of Itzkowitz, which 
discloses that the immediate addition of a DNA preservation buffer to a fecal 
sample is advantageous because it prevents sample degradation for several 
days, even at room temperature, and allows higher screening sensitivity––
better for detecting cancer––and the test had “a very high degree of patient 
satisfaction.” Ex. 1006, 111–17. Moreover, the patients providing samples 
in Itzkowitz were given “a special stool collection kit for mounting to a 
toilet,” where the buffer was immediately added to the collected sample, and 
then the samples were “shipped at room temperature overnight” to a clinical 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
50 
lab. Id. at 112. Similar to Vilkin’s teachings, this suggests providing 
specimens at home directly in the same sealable container in which the 
sample is shipped. By modifying Lenhard’s methods and materials to add 
Itzkowitz’s nucleic acid preserving buffer, and collection materials and 
techniques, all steps and elements of claim 1 are addressed in the prior art. 
Based on the above, we find that the combination of Lenhard, Vilkin, 
and Itzkowitz teaches or suggests each step and element of claims 1–9, 11, 
and 14–20, and that the addition to this prior art combination of the subject 
matter taught by Kanaoka and Derks teaches or suggests the subject matter 
of claims 10, 12, and 13. Contrary to Patent Owner’s argument, we find no 
unreasonable “picking and choosing” in Petitioner’s citations to the 
teachings of Vilkin and Itzkowitz because the subject matter they disclose 
and that would be incorporated into the methods of Lenhard is the 
substantial focus of each reference rather than a mere component that might 
be selected from a great number of options. See Ex. 1005; Ex. 1006. 
Therefore, we move on to analyze whether the person of ordinary skill in the 
art would have had reason or motivation to combine the prior art. 
As an initial matter, Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz, as well as 
Kanaoka and Derks, are each directed to and disclose methods of screening 
for colorectal cancer by detecting a marker in human feces, which may be 
blood or certain nucleic acids. See Exs. 1004–1008. Thus, each reference is 
from the same field of endeavor as the claimed invention, and the asserted 
prior art is analogous art. In re Bigio, 381 F.3d 1320, 1325 (Fed. Cir. 2004) 
(“Two separate tests define the scope of analogous prior art: (1) whether the 
art is from the same field of endeavor, regardless of the problem addressed 
and, (2) if the reference is not within the field of the inventor's endeavor, 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
51 
whether the reference still is reasonably pertinent to the particular problem 
with which the inventor is involved.”). Because the asserted prior art is 
analogous art, we find it is appropriately combined as asserted. 
As noted above, Patent Owner argues there was no reason to combine 
the references because of impermissible hindsight, increased complexity in 
the combined prior art, possible teaching away, unpredictability, and 
potential patient dissatisfaction with a screening process bringing them into 
proximity with their fecal samples. See supra Section II.F.2 (summary of 
Patent Owner’s positions). Patent Owner also argues that the ordinarily 
skilled artisan would not have used two sample preserving buffers, as 
claimed, but just one. See, e.g., Hr’g Tr. 42:23–43:10. We are not 
persuaded by any of these arguments. 
As we discuss above, the concept of combining a test for the presence 
of blood in feces to screen for CRC with a test for the presence of cancer-
indicative DNA (e.g., epigenetically altered, methylated) to screen for CRC 
was not a new one as of Lenhard’s disclosure in 2005. The record shows 
that researchers in the field agreed that this combination of tests would be 
advantageous. See Ex. 1004, 143, 147; Ex. 1011, 112; 1012, 33, 40; 
Ex. 1013, 1578; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 110, 115, 139–141 (discussing the 
prior art’s disclosure of this combination of tests and related advantages, 
such as enhanced sensitivity to CRC, complementary results, decrease in 
false-negative results). But, as also discussed above, the method disclosed 
in Lenhard had room for improvement that was identified by Vilkin and 
Itzkowitz. 
Lenhard’s disclosed blood screen test used gFOBT, which Vilkin 
identified as inferior to iFOBT because the internationally-accepted iFOBT 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
52 
screen was specific for human Hb, had sufficient (acceptable) specificity, 
better and quantitative sensitivity, used a convenient and self-contained 
sampling device (with included Hb stabilizing buffer), did not require 
freezing (used refrigeration), was stable for weeks, used a known and 
available automated desktop analyzer, could be used at home, and overcame 
the need for dietary restrictions of gFOBT. See generally Ex. 1005. We 
find these are very good reasons the ordinarily skilled artisan would have 
modified Lenhard’s respective methods and materials to use those of Vilkin 
(i.e., a home-use, sealable container for a non-frozen portion of a fecal 
sample, containing a blood-preserving buffer, for an iFOBT test).15 See, 
e.g., Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 143–147 (discussing reasons to combine Vilkin and 
Lenhard). 
Lenhard’s disclosed hypermethylated DNA testing relies on 
immediate freezing of the fecal sample and requires a patient to visit a 
laboratory to provide the sample. Both are inconveniences that are remedied 
by Itzkowitz’s teachings. See Ex. 1002 ¶ 152. Similar to Lenhard, Itzkowitz 
teaches fecal DNA (methylation) testing for CRC, but unlike Lenhard, 
Itzkowitz teaches that samples could be collected by a patient at home if 
they were provided a collection kit that could be mounted to a toilet and 
DNA-stabilizing buffer that could be added to preserve the sample, which 
could then be shipped at room temperature (overnight) to a test facility. See 
Ex. 1006, 112; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 148–158 (discussing reasons to modify 
 
15 We note that Vilkin also expresses a need for an improved and more 
convenient, at-home, toilet-based stool-collecting and sample storage device 
or system to improve upon a zip-lock bag system. Ex. 1005, 2524. As 
discussed below, Itzkowitz meets this need. 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
53 
Lenhard’s methods with those of Itzkowitz). These are good reasons to 
modify Lenhard in view of Itzkowitz. 
Upon combining the methods of Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz, the 
ordinarily skilled artisan would advantageously achieve a home-test system 
having a first container for initially collecting (on a toilet) a feces sample, a 
secondary collection tube with human Hb stabilizing buffer to collect a 
smaller portion of the fecal sample for iFOBT testing, and a DNA stabilizing 
buffer to add to the main sample for preservation at room temperature 
shipping from which a methylated DNA screen may be conducted. “[I]n 
considering the disclosure of a reference, it is proper to take into account not 
only specific teachings of the reference but also the inferences which one 
skilled in the art would reasonably be expected to draw therefrom.” In re 
Preda, 401 F.2d 825, 826 (CCPA 1968). In view of the prior art teachings, 
sample containers must be sealable in order to be packaged, shipped, and 
then tested (at least as sealable as Vilkin’s capped storage tube and double 
zip-lock bags). Itkowitz teaches and suggests that such a system would meet 
with “a very high degree of patient satisfaction” and would likely “get 
patients screened who might otherwise avoid an invasive [CRC] screening 
test.” Ex. 1006, 116–17. 
Based on the above, we conclude there would have been significant 
motivation for the person of ordinary skill in the art to combine Lenhard, 
Vilkin, and Itzkowitz (and also Kanaoka and Derks for their limited 
purposes) and that Petitioner has identified a reason with rational 
underpinning why the ordinarily skilled artisan would have done so with a 
reasonable expectation of success. 

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
54 
We reject Patent Owner’s argument that only impermissible hindsight 
would have led the ordinarily skilled artisan to this prior art combination. 
Of course, “[i]t is impermissible . . . simply to engage in a hindsight 
reconstruction of the claimed invention, using the [challenged patent’s] 
structure as a template and selecting elements from references to fill the 
gaps.” In re Gorman, 933 F.2d 982, 987 (Fed. Cir. 1991). But, where a 
skilled artisan would pursue “known options” from “a finite number of 
identified, predictable solutions,” the resulting invention is obvious. KSR, 
550 U.S. at 421. “Any judgment on obviousness is in a sense necessarily a 
reconstruction based upon hindsight reasoning, but so long as it takes into 
account only knowledge which was within the level of ordinary skill at the 
time the claimed invention was made and does not include knowledge 
gleaned only from applicant’s disclosure, such a reconstruction is proper.” 
In re McLaughlin, 443 F.2d 1392, 1395 (CCPA 1971). Such is the case here 
because Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz (and Kanaoka and Derks) disclose 
the claimed steps and elements to have been advantageously used for the 
same purposes as the invention; no hindsight reconstruction was required. 
As to Patent Owner’s arguments directed to potential increased 
complexity of the combined prior art process compared to any individual 
test, possible unpredictability, or possible patient dissatisfaction, we are not 
persuaded. The cited prior art, and even the ’781 patent itself, expresses that 
screening tests like those of the Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz (ultimately, 
iFOBT and methylated DNA detection) were well known. See Ex. 1001, 
2:40–3:67 (background); Ex. 1004–1013. There is no persuasive evidence 
of unpredictability, and some of the cited (and asserted) prior art supports 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
55 
the fact that prior art techniques led to high patient satisfaction, and some 
were already in wide use internationally. See, e.g., Ex. 1005; Ex. 1006. 
Regarding Patent Owner’s argument that a POSA “would not have 
been motivated by the teachings of Lenhard to combine classes of markers” 
given where “the specific HIC1/gFOBT combination reduced specificity and 
that other methylation markers alone achieved greater sensitivity,” where 
“the reported increase in sensitivity was only in detection of CRC,” and 
where “where Lenhard’s specific HIC1/gFOBT combination showed no 
improvement in detection of advanced adenomas,” Lenhard indicated its 
detection method was “sensitive and specific” and “well suited for stool-
based CRC screening” and that adding more markers could “allow for the 
highly sensitive and specific stool-based detection of CRCs and adenomas.” 
Ex. 1004, 148. Moreover, Vilkin teaches that, by using its improved iFOBT 
method, one of ordinary skill can achieve a high sensitivity of 76.5% and an 
acceptable specificity of 95.3%. Ex. 1005, 2523. Finally, Itzkowitz explains 
that the improvements in sensitivity offered by its methods came “at the 
expense of a relatively minor decrease in specificity.” Ex. 1006, 116. Thus, 
the prior art asserted here specifically addresses Patent Owner’s identified 
concerns as acceptable minor detractors from the advantages of their 
methods. See Medichem S.A. v. Rolabo S.L., 437 F.3d 1157, 1165 (Fed. Cir. 
2006) (“The fact that the motivating benefit comes at the expense of another 
benefit, however, should not nullify its use as a basis to modify the 
disclosure of one reference with the teachings of another. Instead, the 
benefits, both lost and gained, should be weighed against one another.”). 
As to Patent Owner’s argument that the two-buffer system of the 
invention is non-obvious because the ordinarily skilled artisan would have 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
56 
preferred a single preserving buffer system to using two buffers, we are 
unpersuaded. There is no evidence in the record that a single, useful, 
preserving buffer for both blood proteins and nucleic acids was known to 
exist, much less one to be used for CRC screening fecal samples. On this 
record, it does not appear that this alternative was an option for the 
ordinarily skilled artisan. 
Finally, as to Patent Owner’s argument (directed to claims 12 and 13) 
that Kanaoka’s results from using COX-2 as a biomarker, along with 
iFOBT, for CRC screening were not sufficiently strong to persuade an 
ordinarily skilled artisan to have considered using COX-2, we are not 
persuaded. As Dr. Whitney identifies, adding another biomarker to the 
Lenhard-Vilkin-Itzkowitz combined teachings,16 specifically COX-2 RNA, 
would have been attractive to the ordinarily skilled artisan because Kanaoka 
discloses its process works (high sensitivity and specificity) and also that 
COX-2 was effectively combined with iFOBT in a complementary way 
(each detects certain CRC the other does not). Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 225–226; 
Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 55–68. Moreover, Kanaoka states that “the detection of COX-2 
from the feces by the RT-PCR technique had 90% sensitivity and 100% 
specificity, and it is proved that the present invention is superior to a 
conventional technique of the immunological fecal occult blood test,” which 
suggests using such a technique with the methods of the other asserted prior 
art. Ex. 1007 ¶ 75 (emphasis added). 
 
16 Note, Lenhard (Ex. 1004, 143, 147–48) suggests using other biomarkers 
(e.g., SFRP2, SFRP5, PGR were known) in addition to methylated HIC1, 
and Itzkowitz (Ex. 1006) teaches targeting two genetic biomarkers––e.g., 
“DY” and vimentin. 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
57 
4. Summary and Conclusion 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–
9, 11, and 14–20 are unpatentable as obvious over Lenhard, Vilkin, and 
Itzkowitz, that claims 12 and 13 are unpatentable as obvious over this same 
prior art combination adding Kanaoka’s disclosed techniques of using RNA 
as a CRC biomarker, and that claim 10 is unpatentable as obvious over the 
first prior art combination adding Derks’s disclosure of using (methylated) 
GATA-4 as a biomarker for CRC screening. 
G. 
OBVIOUSNESS OVER SHUBER AND VILKIN, ALSO COMBINED WITH 
KANAOKA OR DERKS (GROUNDS 4, 5, AND 6) 
We conclude above that all claims have been proven by a 
preponderance of the evidence to be unpatentable under Grounds 1–3, but 
for completeness, we review and analyze Petitioner’s Grounds 4–6 below. 
Under Ground 4, Petitioner asserts that claims 1–9, 11, and 14–20 
would have been obvious over Shuber and Vilkin (asserted similarly as it 
was applied under Ground 1) and are, therefore, unpatentable. Pet. 47–62 
(citing Ex. 1001, 47–49 (addressing hypermethylation); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 180, 
213, 235–249, 251–264, 266–276, 278–288; Ex. 1004, 143, 147; Ex. 1005, 
2519–22, Table 1; Ex. 1009, 7:10–14, 7:19–21, 10:10–15, 14:1–5, 15:18–
16:17, 29:8–19; Ex. 1011, 112; Ex. 1012, 34; 1013, 1578). Under Ground 5, 
Petitioner adds Kanaoka to the Shuber-Vilkin combination, similarly to how 
the reference was applied to the Lenhard-Vilkin-Itzkowitz combination 
under Ground 2, and asserts that claims 12 and 13 would have been obvious 
over this combination of prior art. Id. at 62–64 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 289–292, 
294; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–26, 47–48, 55–68, 76; Ex. 1030, 131). And, under 
Ground 6, Petitioner adds Derks to the Shuber-Vilkin combination, applied 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
58 
as it was under Ground 3, asserting claim 10 would have been obvious over 
this combination of prior art. Pet. 65 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 295–297; Ex. 1008, 
250, 252, Table 3b; Ex. 1009, 7:19–21). 
Patent Owner opposes, focusing on Petitioner’s Ground 4 and, again, 
arguing over the invention defined by independent claim 1 of the ’781 
patent. Resp. 39–48 (citing Ex. 1001, 45:23–29; Ex. 1005, 2520, 2522; 
Ex. 1009, 14:1–16, 28:18–27, 29:8–19; Ex. 1011, 112; Ex. 1012, 40; 1013, 
1578; Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 67, 69–73, 89–93, 95–107, 120–136).17 As it did for 
Grounds 2 and 3, Patent Owner argues Grounds 5 and 6 together as a group 
with Ground 4, indicating that they fall (or, conversely, stand) with Ground 
4, and also asserting that, as discussed above, Kanaoka (Ground 5) would 
not have motivated the ordinarily skilled artisan to combine the prior art to 
achieve the invention of claims 12 and 13, but, rather, would have 
discouraged them. Id. at 49 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 65–67; Ex. 2022 ¶ 138). 
1. Petitioner’s Positions 
Under Ground 4, Petitioner asserts that Shuber discloses CRC 
screening of a fecal sample, provided by a patient at home, directly in a 
container for shipping, and preserved therein using a stabilizing solution, 
without requiring freezing, using DNA analysis to detect hypermethylation. 
Pet. 48 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 235–245; Ex. 1009, 7:12, 7:19–21, 10:12–14, 
29:8–19). Similar to Ground 1, Petitioner asserts Vilkin would be combined 
with Shuber for its teaching of a quantitative iFOBT CRC screen, and a 
sealable container and stabilizing buffer for the sample, which would be 
 
17 As noted above, for some references, Patent Owner cites the added, rather 
than the original pagination. As has Petitioner, we cite original pagination. 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
59 
combined with Shuber’s DNA screen as a complementary test. Id. at 47 
(citing Ex. 1005, 2520–21). 
Petitioner recounts that, before the priority date of the ’781 patent, it 
was understood in the relevant art that combining a fecal DNA test and an 
FOBT test had advantages in CRC screening. Id. at 48–50 (citing Ex. 1004, 
143, 147; Ex. 1011, 112; Ex. 1012, 34; Ex. 1013, 1578). Petitioner asserts 
that the person of ordinary skill in the art would have been motivated to 
combine the CRC screening methods of Shuber and Vilkin for such 
advantages, with a reasonable expectation of success. Id. at 50–51 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 240–246; Ex. 1005, 2520; Ex. 1009, 10:10–15, 29:8–19). 
Petitioner also maps the disclosures of Shuber and Vilkin to the steps 
and elements of the challenged claims, adding Kanaoka or Derks to address 
dependent claims 10, 12, and 13. Id. at 51–65. 
Regarding claim 1’s preamble (“A method of processing a freshly-
collected fecal sample without freezing”), Petitioner asserts that both of 
Shuber and Vilkin teach that their samples are “freshly-collected” and not 
frozen. Id. at 51 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 248–249; Ex. 1005, 2520; Ex. 1009, 
7:10–12). 
Regarding claim 1’s first recited step (a) (“collecting a fecal sample 
from a human subject, wherein the fecal sample is collected at home by the 
human subject by defecation directly into a sealable collection vessel”), 
Petitioner asserts it is taught by Shuber’s disclosure of sample collection by 
direct defecation into a sealable container (sized and configured for sealing 
so that it may be shipped), where the patient may add (or the container may 
already contain) stabilizing solution, which suggests this collection is 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
60 
performed at home. Id. at 51–52 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 252–253, 251–254; 
Ex. 1009, 10:12–14, 29:8–19). 
Petitioner addresses claim 1’s next two recited steps (b) (“removing a 
portion of the fecal sample to a separate sealable container to produce a 
removed portion and a remaining portion of the fecal sample” and (c) 
(“combining the removed portion of the fecal sample in the separate sealable 
container with a buffer that prevents denaturation or degradation of blood 
proteins found in a fecal sample, and sealing the sealable container”), again 
asserting that they are taught by Vilkin in the same fashion as discussed 
above regarding Ground 1. Id. at 52–53 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 255–258; 
Ex. 1005, 2520, Fig. 1); see also supra Section II.F. 
Regarding the final required step (d) of claim 1 (“combining the 
remaining portion of the fecal sample in the sealable collection vessel with a 
stabilizing buffer, and sealing the collection vessel”), Petitioner asserts 
Shuber teaches this in disclosing the stool sample can be “directly deposited 
into a container (e.g., a sealable container)” to which the “stabilizing 
solution may be added,” and the “container with sample and stabilization 
solution may be sealed for storage/shipping.” Pet. 54–55 (citing Ex. 1001 
¶¶ 259–261; Ex. 1009, 7:19–21, 29:8-19). 
As was the case with Grounds 1–3, Petitioner also addresses each 
dependent claim as taught or suggested by Shuber and Vilkin, adding 
Kanaoka or Derks regarding claims 10, 12, and 13. 
Regarding claim 2, which requires “delivering [the portioned sample] 
to a medical diagnostics laboratory,” Petitioner asserts the prior art 
combination teaches this because each of Shuber and Vilkin discloses 
delivering fecal samples to a laboratory for testing. Pet. 55 (citing Ex. 1002 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
61 
¶¶ 262–264; Ex. 1005, 2520; Ex. 1009, 10:10–15). This factual assertion is 
not specifically disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 39–49; Sur-reply 14–
18. 
Claim 3, directed to a method of processing the portioned sample of 
claim 1 by testing the first sample portion “for an amount of blood protein” 
and testing the second sample portion, after “extracting nucleic acid,” for 
“an amount of human nucleic acid,” which Petitioner asserts is taught by 
Vilkin’s iFOBT testing of fecal samples, and Shuber’s isolating and 
purifying DNA and DNA testing of fecal samples. Pet. 55–56 (citing 
Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 266–271; Ex. 1005, 2519–20, 2522, Table 1; Ex. 1009, 7:19–21, 
10:10–15, 15:18–16:17). These factual assertions are not specifically 
disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 39–49; Sur-reply 14–18. 
Regarding claim 4, which requires “determining expression from a 
human gene” when testing for the nucleic acid of claim 3, claim 5, which 
requires that such expression comprises identifying “an epigenic 
modification,” and claim 6, which requires “measuring an amount of a 
methylated human DNA,” Petitioner asserts that Shuber teaches this claimed 
subject matter in disclosing testing for hypermethylation of HLTF and V29 
loci in fecal samples. Pet. 58–59 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 272–275; Ex. 1009, 
14:1–5). These factual assertions are not specifically disputed by Patent 
Owner. See Resp. 39–49; Sur-reply 14–18. 
Regarding claims 7, 8, and 9, which respectively require that the 
epigenetic modification analyzed “comprises aberrant methylation,” that the 
“aberrant methylation comprises hypermethylation,” and that the human 
DNA “comprises a gene and/or a promoter region of a gene,” Petitioner 
asserts this is taught by Shuber’s disclosing testing fecal samples for 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
62 
hypermethylated human genes. Pet. 59–60 (citing Ex. 1001, 12:47–49 
(addressing hypermethylation); Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 277–279; Ex. 1009, 14:1–5). 
These factual assertions are not specifically disputed by Patent Owner. See 
Resp. 39–49; Sur-reply 14–18. 
Regarding claim 11, requiring “modifying the nucleic acid with 
bisulfate ions under conditions where[] unmethylated cytosine is converted 
to uracil,” Petitioner again points to Shuber’s disclosure of testing for gene 
methylation, which, according to Petitioner, uses bisulfite conversion as a 
standard, where bisulfite ions are used to convert unmethylated cytosine to 
uracil (asserting the claim’s reference to “bisulfate” instead of “bisulfite” is a 
typographical error). Pet. 60–61 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 180, 213, 280–282; 
Ex. 1009, 14:1–5). (These factual assertions are not specifically disputed by 
Patent Owner. See Resp. 39–49; Sur-reply 14–18). 
Claim 14 requires that, in the method of claim 3, testing for blood 
protein “comprises testing for a concentration of hemoglobin,” and claim 15 
requires that this testing for hemoglobin “comprises immunochemical 
detection of hemoglobin,” which Petitioner asserts is taught by Vilkin in 
disclosing iFOBT, which (quantitatively) tests for hemoglobin. Pet. 61 
(citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 283–284; Ex. 1005, 2519–22, Table 1). These factual 
assertions are not specifically disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 39–49; 
Sur-reply 14–18. 
Regarding claims 16–20, each requires detecting a certain threshold of 
hemoglobin in the fecal sample, i.e., at least 5, 10, 20, 50, or 200 ng/ml, 
which Petitioner asserts would have been obvious over the prior art 
combination because these thresholds amount to routine optimization of a 
result-effective variable; Vilkin explains that the physician can choose an 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
63 
optimal fecal hemoglobin threshold to trigger a follow-up colonoscopy. 
Pet. 61–62 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 285–288). These factual assertions are not 
specifically disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 39–49; Sur-reply 14–18. 
Regarding claims 12 and 13, Petitioner adds the teachings of Kanaoka 
to those of Shuber and Vilkin in asserting obviousness. Claim 12 requires 
measuring RNA expressed from a gene and claim 13 requires that the RNA 
is measured using reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-
PCR), each of which Petitioner asserts is taught by Kanaoka in disclosing a 
COX-2 RNA biomarker detection process, using RT-PCR, which would be 
combined with Shuber and Vilkin and used with a reasonable expectation of 
success because Kanaoka’s successful working example “has a higher 
detection sensitivity,” and would complement the other references’ detection 
processes. Pet. 62–64 (citing Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 289–294; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 21–26, 47–
48, 55–68, 76; Ex. 1030, 131). 
Regarding claim 10, Petitioner adds the teachings of Derks to those of 
Shuber and Vilkin in asserting obviousness. Claim 10 requires that the gene 
having an epigenetic modification be selected from the group consisting of 
PHACTR3, NDRG4, FOXE1, GATA4, GPNMB, TFP12, SOX17, SYNE1, 
LAMA, MMP2, OSMR, SFRP2, and CDO1, and Petitioner asserts this is 
taught by Derks in disclosing testing for GATA-4, which Petitioner asserts 
would be combined by the ordinarily skilled artisan as an additional marker 
with Shuber’s and Vilkin’s methods, to improve sensitivity of screening, 
with a reasonable expectation of success. Id. at 46–47 (citing Ex. 1002 
¶¶ 295–297; Ex. 1008, 250, 252, Table 3b). These factual assertions are not 
specifically disputed by Patent Owner. See Resp. 39–49; Sur-reply 14–18. 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
64 
2. Patent Owner’s Positions 
Patent Owner argues that Shuber “says little about sample collection 
and nothing about at-home collection by a patient,” and that Vilkin does not 
identify where the target stool is when a portion is collected with a probe. 
Id. at 41–42 (citing Ex. 1001, 45:23–29; Ex. 1005, 2020; Ex. 1009, 29:8–19; 
Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 69-73, 89–93). 
As with Grounds 1–3, most of Patent Owner’s opposition is directed 
to a lack of reason to combine the prior art. Patent Owner argues that logic 
suggests that Shuber and Vilkin, considering the widely recognized (at the 
time) need for improved CRC screening, would only be combined with the 
benefit of hindsight. Resp. 40. Patent Owner argues that Shuber does not 
suggest combining its methods with any other CRC screening tests than 
nucleic acid-based tests; not a test that detects blood or any other category. 
Id. at 40–41 (citing Ex. 1009, 14:1–15, 28:18–27; Ex. 2022 ¶ 90). Patent 
Owner argues that, because Vilkin discloses stool testing over three days, 
this would dissuade a person from using such a test. Id. at 41, 47 (citing 
Ex. 1005, 2522). Patent Owner argues that Shuber discloses that its methods 
were so sensitive that there would have been no reason for the person of 
ordinary skill in the art to have added Vilkin’s iFOBT testing, as doing so 
would have likely not improved sensitivity, but would have reduced 
specificity and been more complicated. Id. at 46 (citing Ex. 1009, 14:15–16; 
Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 120–134). Patent Owner argues that there also would have been 
no motivation to combine Shuber and Vilkin because doing so would have 
increased the cost and complexity of the testing. Id. at 47–48 (citing 
Ex. 2022 ¶ 134). 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
65 
Further to the arguments identified above, Patent Owner argues that 
the ordinarily skilled artisan would not have been motivated to combine 
Shuber and Vilkin because their combination does not suggest enhanced 
performance, and the supporting prior art references (Nishikawa, Lenhard, 
Kutzner, and Levin) are mere speculation and are inconclusive that 
combining DNA and blood testing for CRC screening would be 
advantageous. Pet. 42–48 (citing Ex. 1004, 6; Ex. 1011, 6; Ex. 1012, 8; 
Ex. 1013, 9; Ex. 2022 ¶¶ 67, 95–107, 120–136). 
As for Grounds 5 and 6, Patent Owner argues that they fail for the 
same reasons as for Ground 3. Id. at 49. Regarding claims 12 and 13 and 
Ground 5, again Patent Owner argues that Kanaoka’s results were not good 
enough to have added its COX-2 (RNA) as a marker for screening. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 65–68; Ex. 2022 ¶ 138). 
3. Analysis 
Again, Patent Owner focuses its arguments on the invention of 
challenged claim 1; we do the same. We adopt Petitioner’s arguments and 
evidence as to claims 2–20 under Grounds 4–6, as well. See supra Section 
II.G.1 (review of Petitioner’s assertions regarding dependent claims). We 
conclude that Shuber and Vilkin would have been combined by the person 
of ordinary skill in the art, with a reasonable expectation of success, and that 
doing so would have achieved the invention of the challenged claims. We 
explain our reasoning and address Patent Owner’s arguments below. 
Claim 1 is reproduced above (see supra Sections I.C (reproduced in 
full), G.1 (reproduced in a series of quoted limitations), but to again 
summarize, it requires a method of processing “freshly-collected” and 
unfrozen fecal matter by collecting it “at home,” by defecation into a 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
66 
sealable vessel, removing a portion of the sample and combining it with a 
buffer to preserve blood proteins, and combining the other portion of the 
sample with a stabilizing buffer (later claimed to preserve nucleic acids, e.g., 
DNA or RNA). Ex. 1001, 45:21–47:4. As described and claimed in the 
’781 patent, this method is used to detect blood proteins and/or target 
epigenetically modified DNA (or RNA), which, as discussed above, may 
detect colorectal cancer (which detection is not required by any challenged 
claim). See id. at 45:39–67 (claims 2–20). 
We have above already analyzed the teachings of Vilkin in addressing 
Grounds 1–3 and the same analysis applies to Petitioner’s Grounds 4–6––in 
summary, Vilkin discloses an iFOBT sample collection kit comprising a 
sealable container with Hb preserving buffer that overcomes many of the 
drawbacks of the prior art and a related method for CRC screening. See 
supra Section II.F.3. 
Before the priority date of the challenged claims, Shuber shows it was 
known in the relevant art to screen for CRC (carcinoma or adenoma) by 
assaying a fecal sample for nucleic acid integrity or mutation and to stabilize 
the nucleic acids in the sample with a buffer in preparation for the assay. 
Ex. 1009, Abstract, 1:11–13, 2:5–9, 2:27–32, 4:14–16, 6:9–11, 9:20–22, 
23:12–25:2. Shuber further teaches that such a stool sample is not frozen, 
and may be exposed to a variety of temperatures during transport or storage 
and, because of the nucleic acid stabilizing solution, may be collected at a 
remote location and mailed to a testing center. Id. at 3:1–22, 7:10–12, 
10:10–15. Shuber teaches that patients “directly deposited” their stool 
sample “into a . . . sealable container[] that already contains stabilization 
solution,” or the “stabilization solution may be added to a container” after 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
67 
the sample is deposited therein, which is then “sealed for storage/shipping,” 
and “smaller or larger containers may be used.” Id. at 29:8–19. 
As discussed above, the evidence of record (e.g., Lenhard, Nishikawa, 
Kutzner, and Levin) also supports that the combined application of an 
epigenetically modified genetic assay and fecal blood assay screening 
methods, used together, led to a significantly higher sensitivity than either 
alone, and that iFOBT and DNA/RNA marker assays would complement 
rather than replace each other. See Ex. 1004; Ex. 1011; Ex. 1012; Ex. 1013. 
Shuber, like Vilkin, is directed to and discloses methods of screening for 
colorectal cancer by detecting a marker in human feces. See Ex. 1005; 
Ex. 1009. Thus, Shuber, like Vilkin, is from the same field of endeavor as 
the claimed invention and is analogous art. In re Bigio, 381 F.3d at 1325. 
The ordinarily skilled artisan would have had good reason to combine the 
methods of Shuber and Vilkin to achieve a better CRC screening method 
than either method provided individually. 
When combined, Shuber and Vilkin teach or suggest each step and 
element of independent claim 1, and of dependent claims 2–20 (adding the 
relevant disclosures of Kanaoka and Derks). As discussed above, Shuber 
and Vilkin together teach processing “freshly-collected” and unfrozen fecal 
matter by collecting it “at home,” by defecation into a sealable vessel, 
removing a portion of the sample and combining it with a buffer (in another 
sealable container) to preserve blood proteins, and combining the other 
portion of the sample with a stabilizing buffer (later claimed to preserve 
nucleic acids, e.g., DNA or RNA), to then detect blood proteins and/or target 
epigenetically modified DNA (or RNA), to detect colorectal cancer (CRC). 
See Ex. 1001, 45:21–47:4. Kanaoka and Derks each would have been 

--- Page 68 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
68 
combined with Shuber and Vilkin just as either would have been combined 
with Lenhard, Vilkin, and Itzkowitz, and the resultant teachings would be 
essentially the same. See supra Section II.F. 
Because of the record’s strong evidence (e.g., Lenhard, Nishikawa, 
Kutzner, and Levin) that the person of ordinary skill in the art would have 
had a reason to combine Shuber and Vilkin, with a rational underpinning, 
and would have reasonably expected success, we are not persuaded by any 
of Patent Owner’s arguments that no motivation existed to do so. See 
Ex. 1004; Ex. 1011; Ex. 1012; Ex. 1013; see also Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 241–246. 
Shuber, itself, may not express that its methods should have been 
combined with Vilkin’s iFOBT screening method, but the other cited prior 
art identifies that this motivation was well established before the challenged 
claims. “[E]vidence of a motivation to combine need not be found in the 
prior art references themselves, but rather may be found in ‘the knowledge 
of one of ordinary skill in the art.” Dystar Textilfarben Gmbh & Co. 
Deutschland KG v. C.H. Patrick Co., 464 F.3d 1356, 1366 (Fed. Cir. 2006). 
And, an obviousness “analysis ‘need not seek out precise teachings directed 
to the specific subject matter of the challenged claim, [to] take account of 
the inferences and creative steps that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would employ.”’ Intel Corp. v. PACT XXP Schweiz AG, 61 F.4th 1373, 
1379–80 (Fed. Cir. 2023) (quoting KSR, 550 U.S. at 418, 420). Moreover, 
the prior art combination does not need to be the best or preferred approach 
but need only be “desirable in light of the prior art.” Honeywell Int’l Inc. v. 
3G Licensing, S.A., 124 F.4th 1345, 1356 (Fed. Cir. 2025). Finally, the 
“case law is clear that obviousness cannot be avoided simply by a showing 
of some degree of unpredictability in the art so long as there was a 

--- Page 69 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
69 
reasonable probability of success.” Pfizer, Inc. v. Apotex, Inc., 480 F.3d 
1348, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2007). 
As for Patent Owner’s argument that neither Shuber nor Vilkin 
explicitly discloses that a patient provides their sample at home, we are not 
persuaded. Each of Shuber’s and Vilkin’s collection systems are designed 
for easy patient use, i.e., Shuber’s is a sealable and shippable container 
where the patient unleashes directly in the container and Vilkin’s is a 
sealable tube with a poker-cap for collecting a small portion of feces, each of 
which is to be shipped by the patient to an analysis lab. Ex. 1005, 2520, 
Fig. 1; Ex. 1009, 29:8–19. Thus, we agree with Petitioner’s declarant that 
the “at home” claim element is taught or suggested by and obvious over the 
prior art. See Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 251–254. 
4. Summary and Conclusion 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–
9, 11, and 14–20 are unpatentable as obvious over Shuber and Vilkin, claims 
12 and 13 are unpatentable as obvious over Shuber, Vilkin, and Kanaoka, 
and claim 10 is unpatentable as obvious over Shuber, Vilkin, and Derks. 
III. 
CONCLUSION18 
On the record before us, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 1–20 of the ’781 patent would have been obvious 
 
18 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 

--- Page 70 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
70 
over the asserted prior art, under each asserted ground. Accordingly, claims 
1–20 of the ’781 patent are unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103. 
Our final decision is summarized as follows: 
 
Claim(s) 35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/
Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–9, 11, 
14–20 
103 
Lenhard, Vilkin, 
Itzkowitz 
1–9, 11, 14–
20 
 
12, 13 
103 
Lenhard, Vilkin, 
Itzkowitz, 
Kanaoka 
12, 13 
 
10 
103 
Lenhard, Vilkin, 
Itzkowitz, Derks 
10 
 
1–9, 11, 
14–20 
103 
Shuber, Vilkin 
1–9, 11, 14–
20 
 
12, 13 
103 
Shuber, Vilkin, 
Kanaoka 
12, 13 
 
10 
103 
Shuber, Vilkin, 
Derks 
10 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
1–20 
 
 
 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 71 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
71 
ORDER 
Accordingly, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that, pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 314, per inter partes review 
of claims 1–20 of U.S. Patent 11,634,781 B2, the challenged claims are 
unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, as this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 

--- Page 72 ---
IPR2024-00459 
Patent 11,634,781 B2 
 
72 
 
For PETITIONER: 
 
Brendan Jones 
David Shore 
Donald Ware 
Sarah Burg 
FOLEY HOAG LLP 
bjones@foleyhoag.com 
dshore@foleyhoag.com 
dware@foleyhoag.com 
sburg@foleyhoag.com 
 
For PATENT OWNER: 
 
James Glass 
Sandra Haberny 
Jihong Lou 
QUINN EMANUEL URQUHART & SULLIVAN, LLP 
jimglass@quinnemanuel.com 
sandrahaberny@quinnemanuel.com 
jihonglou@quinnemanuel.com