--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 21 
571-272-7822 
Date: October 17, 2024 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
SHANGHAI HONGENE BIOTECH CORP., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
CHEMGENES CORP., 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
 
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
 
 
Before JOHN G. NEW, ZHENYU YANG, and CYNTHIA M. HARDMAN, 
Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
YANG, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
Granting Petitioner’s Motion to Seal (Paper 19) 
37 C.F.R. §§ 42.14, 42.54 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Shanghai Hongene Biotech Corp. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition 
(Paper 1, “Pet.”) seeking inter partes review of claims 1 and 2 of U.S. Patent 
No. 8,309,707 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’707 patent”). ChemGenes Corp. (“Patent 
Owner”) did not file a Preliminary Response. We instituted trial to review 
the challenged claims. Paper 6. 
After institution, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 10, “PO 
Resp.”) and a Motion to Amend Claims (Paper 11, “MTA”). In the MTA, 
Patent Owner proposed to replace claims 1 and 2 with substitute claims 4 
and 5. MTA 1–2. Petitioner filed an Opposition to Patent Owner’s MTA 
(Paper 13) and a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 14, “Reply”). 
After we entered Preliminary Guidance on Patent Owner’s Motion to 
Amend (Paper 15), Patent Owner requested authorization to withdraw its 
MTA (Ex. 3003). We granted that request. Paper 17. Thereafter, Patent 
Owner filed a Sur-reply to Petitioner’s Reply (Paper 20, “Sur-reply”).1 
The Board has jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6 and issues this Final 
Written Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318 and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the 
reasons provided below, we find Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance 
of the evidence, the unpatentability of claims 1 and 2. 
A. 
Related Matters 
According to the parties, Patent Owner asserted the ’707 patent 
against Petitioner in Case No. 1-22-cv-10290 (D. Mass.) but later voluntarily 
dismissed the district court action. Pet. vii; Paper 4, 2. 
 
1 Paper 20 is a redacted version of the Sur-reply. Patent Owner originally 
filed the Sur-reply under seal. See Paper 18. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
3 
Petitioner also filed IPR2023-00490 and IPR2023-00862, challenging 
two other patents asserted in the district court action. Pet. vii–viii; Paper 4, 2. 
In IPR2023-00490, we determined that claims 1–5 of U.S. Patent 9,884,885 
are unpatentable. IPR2023-00490, Paper 35. In a concurrently entered 
decision, we determine that claims 1 and 2 of U.S. Patent 8,541,569 are 
unpatentable. IPR2023-00862, Paper 21. 
B. 
The ’707 Patent 
The ’707 patent “relates to the synthesis of novel RNA monomer 
phosphoramidites, and corresponding solid supports that are suitable for 
a novel method of RNA oligonucleotide synthesis in reverse 5´→3´ 
direction.” Ex. 1001, 1:24–27. 
The ’707 patent explains that, at the time of its alleged invention, 
defined sequence RNA synthesis in the 3´→5´ direction was well 
established. Id. at 1:35–54. According to the ’707 patent, however, “the 
synthesis of RNA in the reverse direction (5´-3´ direction) ha[d] not been 
achieved.” Id. at 1:55–57. 
The ’707 patent discloses reverse RNA monomer phosphoramidites 
for RNA synthesis in 5´→3´ direction, which leads to “very clean oligo 
synthesis that allows for the introduction of various modifications at 
the 3'-end cleanly and efficiently.” Id. at 8:34–39. 
C. 
Challenged Claims 
We reproduce below the parts of claims 1 and 2 that are relevant to 
our analysis. 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
4 
1. A phosphoramidite having formula (1), 
 
where, 
Y is an oxygen atom or a sulfur atom; 
W is selected from the group consisting of an oxygen diradical, 
a N—H diradical and a fluorine radical, and R4 is selected so 
that, 
. . . 
if W is a N—H diradical, then R4 is of the form R5x where x is 
selected from the group consisting of 
fluorenylmethyloxycarbonyl (Fmoc), trifluoroacetyl, acetyl, 
alkanoyl, and aroyl; and 
. . . 
B is selected from the group of nucleoside base radicals 
consisting of . . . and 1-uracilyl-; 
. . . 
Z is a protecting group selected from the group consisting of 
dimethoxytriphenylmethyl (DMT), 
monomethoxytriphenylmethyl (MMT) and 
trimethoxytriphenylmethyl (TMT); 
R1 is an alkyl or aryl radical; 
R2 is an alkyl or aryl radical; and, 
R3 is a cyanoethyl radical, alkyl radical or aryl radical. 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
5 
2. A derivatized nucleoside having a structure of formula 2, 
 
where, 
M is a hydrogen radical or a linker; 
if M is a linker, then it is represented by the formula Y—C(O) 
and, optionally, connected to a solid support suitable for 
oligonucleotide synthesis, wherein 
Y is a chain of between 2 and 20 carbons, selected from the 
group consisting of alkyl, alkenyl, cycloalkyl, aryl, and aralkyl, 
in a hydrocarbyldiradical moiety, optionally comprising 
intervening —O—, —S—, —S(O)2—, —C(O)—, and 
—NR6—, where R6 is a hydrogen radical, or a substituted C1 to 
C20 alkyl or a substituted aralkyl; 
W is selected from the group consisting of an oxygen diradical, 
a N—H diradical and a fluorine radical, and R4 is selected so 
that, 
. . . 
if W is a N—H diradical, then R4 is of the form R5x where x is 
selected from the group consisting of 
fluorenylmethyloxycarbonyl (Fmoc), trifluoroacetyl, acetyl, 
alkanoyl, and aroyl; 
. . . 
B is selected from the group of nucleoside base radicals 
consisting of . . . and 1-uracilyl-; 
. . . 
Z is a protecting group selected from the group consisting of 
dimethoxytriphenylmethyl (DMT), 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
6 
monomethoxytriphenylmethyl (MMT) and 
trimethoxytriphenylmethyl (TMT). 
Ex. 1001, 33:48–36:15. 
D. 
Instituted Challenges to Patentability 
We instituted trial to determine whether the challenged claims are 
unpatentable based on the following grounds: 
Claim Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1 
102(b) 
The ’696 patent2 
2 
102(b) 
The ’696 patent 
Petitioner relies on the declaration of Phil S. Baran, Ph.D., as support 
for its Petition. Ex. 1003. Patent Owner relies on the Declaration of Patrick 
J. Hrdlicka, Ph.D., to support the Patent Owner Response. Ex. 2001. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. 
Principles of Law 
To prevail in this inter partes review, Petitioner “shall have the 
burden of proving a proposition of unpatentability by a preponderance of the 
evidence.” 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). 
To show anticipation under 35 U.S.C. § 102, each and every claim 
element, arranged as in the claim, must be disclosed in a single piece of prior 
art. Net MoneyIN, Inc. v. VeriSign, Inc., 545 F.3d 1359 (Fed. Cir. 2008). For 
a claim directed to a genus, if a prior art reference discloses a species falling 
within the claimed genus, the species anticipates the genus. In re Slayter, 
276 F.2d 408, 411 (CCPA 1960); see also Fresenius USA, Inc. v. Baxter 
Int’l, Inc., 582 F.3d 1288, 1298 (Fed. Cir. 2009) (stating that when a claim 
 
2 US Patent No. 5,869,696, issued Feb. 9, 1999 (Ex. 1014, “the ’696 
patent”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
7 
element is written in Markush form, “the entire element is disclosed by the 
prior art if one alternative in the Markush group is in the prior art”). 
We analyze the instituted grounds of unpatentability in accordance 
with these principles. 
B. 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, we construe a claim term “using the same 
claim construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a 
civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020). 
Under that standard, the words of a claim “are generally given their ordinary 
and customary meaning,” which is “the meaning that the term would have to 
a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the invention, 
i.e., as of the effective filing date of the patent application.” Phillips v. AWH 
Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 
Claim terms need only be construed to the extent necessary to resolve 
the controversy. Wellman, Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 
(Fed. Cir. 2011). On this record and for purposes of this Decision, we see no 
need to address the construction of any claim term. 
C. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner contends that, as of the earliest possible priority date of 
the ’707 patent, 
a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) would have had a 
Ph.D. (or equivalent degree) in organic or medicinal chemistry, 
and two to three years of post-graduate work experience in 
medicinal chemistry, synthetic organic chemistry, and nucleic 
acid chemistry, including the development of oligonucleotide 
therapeutics, diagnostics, or building blocks. 
Pet. 16 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 20). 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
8 
Alternatively, Petitioner proposes that an individual holding a 
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in organic chemistry or medicinal chemistry, 
“who had extensive work experience in these fields, and who had gained a 
thorough understanding of the development of nucleic acid-based materials, 
would also have qualified as a POSA.” Id. 
Patent Owner argues that a POSA would have had a Ph.D. (or 
equivalent degree) in organic chemistry, who, either during his or her Ph.D. 
studies, focused on, or has at least two to three years of post-graduate work 
experience in, “the development and syntheses of nucleosides, nucleotides, 
and nucleic acids, including, but not limited to, the syntheses of 
oligonucleotides through solid phase oligonucleotide synthesis (‘SPOS’) 
pursuant to P(III) chemistry.” PO Resp. 21. Alternatively, Patent Owner 
proposes that someone with a lesser degree but more (at least five years) 
extensive work experience in these fields would also have qualified as a 
POSA. Id. 
The parties’ proposed definitions of the level of ordinary skill, 
although different facially, are similar substantively. For example, both 
parties argue that a POSA would have high levels of skill, with advanced 
degrees and/or extensive work experience in organic chemistry.3 See Pet. 16; 
PO Resp. 21. In addition, Petitioner contends that a POSA would have had 
experience in the development of oligonucleotide building blocks. Pet. 16. 
Similarly, Patent Owner asserts that a POSA would have had education 
 
3 Although Patent Owner proposes deleting “medicinal” chemistry from 
Petitioner’s definition, it states that “would not exclude medicinal or other 
chemists so long as the chemist in question met the [other] requirements.” 
PO Resp. 22 (citing Ex. 2001 ¶ 64). 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
9 
and/or experience in “the development and syntheses of nucleosides, 
nucleotides, and nucleic acids.” PO Resp. 21. 
After considering the parties’ arguments and the prior art, we 
determine that a POSA would have had a Ph.D. (or equivalent degree) in 
organic chemistry or medicinal chemistry, with at least two to three years of 
post-graduate work experience in the development and syntheses of 
nucleosides, nucleotides, and nucleic acids, including, but not limited to, the 
syntheses of oligonucleotides through solid phase oligonucleotide synthesis. 
In addition, an individual with a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree and at least 
five years of work experience in these fields also would qualify as a POSA. 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Baran, does not 
have significant background in P(III) chemistry. Id. at 19; Sur-reply 12–13. 
According to Patent Owner, Dr. Baran published only about a dozen papers 
that relate to oligonucleotide synthesis, and the focus of those papers appears 
to be on P(V) chemistry, which is fundamentally different from P(III) 
chemistry. PO Resp. 19–20; Sur-reply 12–13. Although it does not challenge 
Dr. Baran’s qualification to provide opinion in this proceeding, Patent 
Owner asserts that “Dr. Baran’s lack of experience in P(III) synthesis[] 
should be strongly considered” in our evaluation of the weight of 
Dr. Baran’s testimony. Sur-reply 13. 
Patent Owner’s argument that Dr. Baran is principally experienced in 
P(V) chemistry presupposes that experience indicates an ignorance of P(III) 
chemistry. We do not find this position consistent with the breadth of 
Dr. Baran’s experience as indicated by his Curriculum Vitae. See Ex. 1003, 
50–105. We weigh the testimonies of both Dr. Baran and Dr. Hrdlicka, 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
10 
against the cumulative weight of the evidence of record in assessing their 
credibility and probative value. 
D. 
Disclosure of the ’696 Patent 
The ’696 patent discloses “[u]niversal solid support oligonucleotide 
synthesis reagents, oligonucleotide synthesis processes, and reagents for 
cleaving oligonucleotides from solid supports.” Ex. 1014, Abstract. 
Specifically, it discloses the synthesis of 2´-trifluoroacetamido-3´-O-(4,4´-
dimethoxytrityl)-2´-deoxyuridine-5´-succinate in Example 2 (id. 
at 12:1–13:20) and the synthesis of 2´-Trifluoroacetamido-3´-O-(4,4´-
dimethoxytrityl)-2´-deoxyuridine-5´-O-(N,N´-diisopropyl)-β-cyanoethyl-
phosphoramidite in Example 3 (id. at 13:23–67). 
E. 
Alleged Anticipation of Claim 1 
Petitioner asserts that the ’696 patent anticipates claim 1. Pet. 21–29. 
After reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as explained below, 
we determine that Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that the ’696 patent anticipates claim 1. 
Claim 1 is directed to a genus of compounds. Petitioner asserts that 
the ’696 patent discloses a species of claim 1 in Example 3 as 
2´-Trifluoroacetamido-3´-O-(4,4´-dimethoxytrityl)-2´-deoxyuridine-5´-O-
(N,N´-diisopropyl)-β-cyanoethyl-phosphoramidite. Pet. 21–29 (citing 
Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 74–88). Petitioner provides the following comparison: 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
11 
 
The figure above shows the side-by-side comparison of formula (1) of 
claim 1 with the compound of the ’696 patent’s Example 3. Id. at 23. 
Petitioner argues that the compound of the ’696 patent’s Example 3 is 
a species of claim 1 where in formula (1), Y is an oxygen atom, W is a N-H 
diradical, R4 is trifluoroacetyl, B is 1-uracilyl- nucleoside base radical, Z is a 
DMT protecting group, R1 is an alkyl radical (specifically an isopropyl 
radical), R2 is an alkyl radical (specifically an isopropyl radical), and R3 is a 
cyanoethyl radical.4 Id. at 21–28. 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s anticipation challenge of 
claim 1. See PO Resp. 26–27; Sur-reply 14. Instead, Patent Owner contends 
that the challenge to claim 1 is moot subject to the MTA. PO Resp. 26–27. 
But Patent Owner has withdrawn its MTA. Ex. 3003. As we stated, the MTA 
 
4 Petitioner argues the vertical line (in the blue rectangle in the figure) 
extending downward from the 4´carbon of the compound of the ’696 
patent’s Example 3 “does not denote a methyl group.” Pet. 24. Petitioner 
contends that the chemical name of Example 3’s compound “does not 
reflect a methyl group (or any other substituent) on the 4´ carbon.” Id. 
(citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 76, which in turn, cites Ex. 1014, 13:27–29). On this 
record, we find Petitioner’s argument on this point persuasive. 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
12 
and related papers “have no further effect” upon the course of this 
proceeding. Paper 17, 2–3. 
After reviewing the record, we find Petitioner’s analysis persuasive 
and adopt it as our own. See Pet. 21–29. Thus, we determine Petitioner 
demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that the ’696 patent, 
because of its disclosure of the compound of Example 3, anticipates claim 1. 
F. 
Alleged Anticipation of Claim 2 
Petitioner asserts that the ’696 patent anticipates claim 2. Pet. 29–37. 
After reviewing the entire record developed at trial, and as explained below, 
we determine that Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the evidence, 
that the ’696 patent anticipates claim 2. 
Claim 2 is directed to a genus of compounds. Petitioner asserts that 
the ’696 patent discloses a species of claim 1 in Example 2 as 
2´-Trifluoroacetamido-3´-O-(4,4´-dimethoxy-trityl)-2´-deoxyuridine-5´-
succinate. Pet. 29–38 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶¶ 89–105). Petitioner provides the 
following comparison: 
 
The figure above shows the side-by-side comparison of formula (2) of 
claim 2 with the compound of the ’696 patent’s Example 2. Id. at 32. 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
13 
Petitioner points out that “in Formula (2), the lower portion of the 
pentagon has normal lines without the space between them (shaded pink 
above) filled in to make thicker lines.” Id. “Despite this omission,” 
Petitioner asserts, a person of ordinary skill in the art “would have 
understood the pentagon in Formula (2) to represent ribose, not a bridged 
bicyclic molecule.” Id. (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 92 n.13, which in turn, cites 
Ex. 1001, 13:1–13, Structure (15)). 
Petitioner argues that the compound of the ’696 patent’s Example 2 is 
a species of claim 2 where in formula (2), M is a succinate linker 
“represented by the formula Y—C(O) in a hydrocarbyl diradical, wherein 
Y is an alkyl chain having 2 carbons, i.e., ethyl . . . and further comprises an 
intervening —C(O)—,” W is a N—H diradical, R4 is trifluoroacetyl, 
B is 1-uracilyl- nucleoside base radical, and Z is a DMT protecting group.5 
Id. at 33–37. 
Patent Owner does not dispute Petitioner’s anticipation challenge of 
claim 2. See PO Resp. 27–28; Sur-reply 14. Instead, Patent Owner contends 
that the challenge to claim 2 is moot subject to the MTA. PO Resp. 26–27. 
 
5 Petitioner argues the vertical line (in the blue rectangle in the figure of 
Example 2) extending downward from the 4´ carbon of the compound of 
the ’696 patent’s Example 2 “does not denote a methyl group.” Pet. 32. 
Petitioner contends that the chemical name of Example 2 compound “does 
not reflect a methyl group (or any other substituent) on the 4´ carbon.” Id. 
at 32–33 (citing Ex. 1003 ¶ 93, which in turn, cites Ex. 1014, 12:3–5). On 
this record, we find Petitioner’s argument on this point persuasive. We 
note that the Petition misstates that paragraph 93 of Dr. Baran’s 
Declaration cites Exhibit 1014, 13:27–29. Paragraph 93, in fact, correctly 
cites Exhibit 1014, 12:3–5, for the chemical name of the compound in 
Example 2. 
 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
14 
But Patent Owner has withdrawn its MTA. Ex. 3003. As we stated, the MTA 
and related papers “have no further effect” upon the course of this 
proceeding. Paper 17, 2–3. 
After reviewing the record, we find Petitioner’s analysis persuasive 
and adopt it as our own. See Pet. 29–37. Thus, we determine Petitioner 
demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that the ’696 patent, 
because of its disclosure of the compound of Example 2, anticipates claim 2. 
III. 
MOTION TO SEAL 
Petitioner filed a Motion to Seal. Paper 19 (“Motion” or “Mot.”). With 
the Motion, Petitioner filed a Protective Order that deviates from the Board’s 
default protective order. Mot. 6; Exs. 1029 (clean copy), 1030 (showing 
marked-up comparison). According to Petitioner, Patent Owner does not 
oppose the entry of the proposed protective order. Mot. 6. The Protective 
Order (Ex. 1029) is hereby entered. It governs the conduct of the proceeding 
unless otherwise modified. 
There is a strong public policy for making all information filed in an 
inter partes review open to the public, especially because the proceeding 
determines the patentability of claims in an issued patent and, therefore, 
affects the rights of the public. Generally, all papers filed in an inter partes 
review shall be made available to the public. See 35 U.S.C. § 316(a)(1); 
37 C.F.R. § 42.14. Our rules, however, “aim to strike a balance between the 
public’s interest in maintaining a complete and understandable file history 
and the parties’ interest in protecting truly sensitive information.” Patent 
Trial and Appeal Board Consolidated Trial Practice Guide 19 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
15 
(November 2019) (“TPG”).6 Thus, a party may move to seal certain 
information (37 C.F.R. § 42.14); but only “confidential information” is 
protected from disclosure (35 U.S.C. § 326(a)(7)). Confidential information 
means trade secret or other confidential research, development, or 
commercial information. 37 C.F.R. § 42.2. 
The standard for granting a motion to seal is “for good cause.” 
37 C.F.R. § 42.54(a). The party moving to seal bears the burden of proof and 
must explain why the information sought to be sealed constitutes 
confidential information. Id. § 42.20(c). 
Petitioner seeks to seal portions of the Sur-Reply as well as 
Exhibits 2048 and 2049.7 Mot. 2. According to Petitioner, these files contain 
its confidential information. Id. at 2–4. Petitioner proposes redacting the files 
and summarizes the nature of the proposed redaction. Id. at 5–6. Patent 
Owner has since filed the redacted version of the Sur-Reply as well as 
Exhibits 2048 and 2049. 
Upon review of Petitioner’s Motion and the proposed redactions, we 
are persuaded that good cause exists to seal portions of the Sur-Reply as well 
as Exhibits 2048 and 2049. 
Petitioner also filed the Petition (Paper 1), Petitioner’s Power of 
Attorney (Paper 2), the Opposition to Patent Owner’s MTA (Paper 13), the 
Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 14), and the Motion to Seal 
 
6 Available at https://www.uspto.gov/TrailPracticeGuideConsolidated. 
7 Patent Owner originally also filed Exhibits 2046 and 2047 under seal. 
Petitioner states that those documents “can be made publicly available.” 
Mot. 2. Patent Owner has since filed Exhibits 2046 and 2047 as public 
documents. Thus, we will expunge Exhibits 2046 and 2047 originally filed 
under seal. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
16 
(Paper 19), as well as Exhibits 1001–1030 as “Board and Parties Only” with 
no corresponding motion to seal. If Petitioner wishes for any of these Papers 
and Exhibits to remain sealed, Petitioner should file a motion to seal and 
explain in detail what good cause supports granting the motion. In the 
absence of such a motion, at the expiration of ten business days from the 
date of this Decision, the entirety of the Petition (Paper 1), Petitioner’s 
Power of Attorney (Paper 2), the Opposition to Patent Owner’s MTA 
(Paper 13), the Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 14), and the 
Motion to Seal (Paper 19), as well as Exhibits 1001–1030 will be made 
available to the public. 
IV. 
CONCLUSION8 
After reviewing the entire record and weighing evidence offered by 
both parties, we determine that Petitioner has met its burden to show, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, that the ’696 patent anticipates claims 1 
and 2. 
 
8 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. 
Reg. 16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue 
application or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we 
remind Patent Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any 
such related matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. 
§§ 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
17 
In summary: 
V. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has shown, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 1 and 2 of the ’707 patent are unpatentable; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner’s Motion to Seal is granted; 
FURTHER ORDERED that Petitioner may, within five business days 
of this Decision, file an appropriate motion to seal as instructed in this 
Decision; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Jeremy Edwards 
Raymond Chan 
Xiaofan Yang 
Jack Shaw 
PROCOPIO, CORY, HARGREAVES & SAVITCH, LLP 
jeremy.edwards@procopio.com 
raymond.chan@procopio.com 
frank.yang@procopio.com 
jack.shaw@procopio.com 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
References 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1 
102 
The ’696 patent 
1 
 
2 
102 
The ’696 patent 
2 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1, 2 
 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2023-00875 
Patent 8,309,707 B2 
 
18 
Daniel Shores 
Joseph Hynds 
Aydin Harston 
Melissa Santos 
ROTHWELL, FIGG, ERNST & MANBECK, P.C. 
dshores@rfem.com 
jhynds@rfem.com 
aharston@rfem.com 
msantos@rfem.com