--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 39 
571-272-7822 
Date: December 18, 2024 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
INARI AGRICULTURE, INC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
CORTEVA AGRISCIENCE LLC, 
Patent Owner. 
 
 
 
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
 
 
Before MICHAEL J. FITZPATRICK, ZHENYU YANG, and 
TIMOTHY G. MAJORS, Administrative Patent Judges. 
Opinion for the Board filed by Administrative Patent Judge YANG. 
Opinion Concurring filed by Administrative Patent Judge FITZPATRICK. 
YANG, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Inari Agriculture, Inc. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition (Paper 2, “Pet.”) 
seeking inter partes review of claims 1–8 of U.S. Patent No. 8,901,378 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’378 patent”). Corteva Agriscience LLC (“Patent Owner”) 
filed a Preliminary Response. Paper 9 (“Prelim. Resp.”). Petitioner filed a 
Preliminary Reply (Paper 10), and Patent Owner filed a Preliminary 
Sur-reply (Paper 14, “Prelim. Sur-reply”). Trial was instituted to review the 
challenged claims (Paper 15, “DI”). Patent Owner filed a Request for 
Director Review (Paper 17), and the Acting Director denied the Request 
(Paper 22). 
Thereafter, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition (Paper 24, 
“PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response (Paper 28, 
“Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-reply to Petitioner’s Reply 
(Paper 34, “Sur-reply”). An oral hearing for this proceeding was held on 
August 26, 2025, and the transcript of that hearing is of record. See 
Paper 38. 
The Board has jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6 and issues this Final 
Written Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 318 and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the 
reasons provided below, we find Petitioner has not shown, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, the unpatentability of claims 1–8. 
 
Real Parties in Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself as the only real party in interest. Pet. 72. 
Patent Owner identifies itself and Pioneer Hi-Bred International, Inc. as the 
real parties in interest. Paper 4, 2.1 
 
1 Paper 4 does not include any pagination. We assign the page number here 
as it is the second page of the Paper. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
3 
 
Related Matters 
Neither party has identified any litigation related to the ’378 patent. 
Pet. 72; Paper 4, 2; see also Paper 26, 1 (Patent Owner stating that it has not 
asserted the ’378 patent against Petitioner). The parties list other patents and 
applications in the same family as the ’378 patent. Pet. 72; Paper 4, 2. 
 
The ’378 Patent 
The ’378 patent relates to an insect resistant corn plant TC1507, the 
DNA plant expression construct of corn plant TC1507, and the detection of 
the transgene/flanking insertion region in corn plant TC1507 and progeny 
thereof. Ex. 1001, 1:26–31. 
Before the ’378 patent, insect resistance had been genetically 
engineered into crops such as corn to control insect damage and to reduce 
the need for traditional chemical pesticides. Id. at 1:36–38. According to the 
’378 patent, delta-endotoxins from Bacillus thuringiensis (B.t.) were 
successfully expressed in corn and provided excellent control over insect 
pests. Id. at 1:38–44. 
The ’378 patent provides a DNA construct capable of introduction 
into and replication in a host plant cell that, when expressed, confers insect 
resistance. Id. at 2:48–51. Specifically, the ’378 patent discloses a DNA 
molecule named PHI8999A (SEQ ID NO:25) that includes two transgene 
expression cassettes. Id. at 2:51–3:5, 17:58–18:11. The first expression 
cassette comprises a promoter, 5' untranslated exon, the first intron of the 
maize ubiquitin (Ubi-1) gene, operably connected to a DNA molecule 
encoding B.t. delta-endotoxin Cry1F, and operably connected to a DNA 
molecule comprising a 3' ORF25 transcriptional terminator isolated from 
Agrobacterium tumefaciens. Id. at 2:53–62, 17:59–18:1. The second 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
4 
transgene expression cassette comprises a DNA molecule of the cauliflower 
mosaic virus (CaMV) 35S promoter, operably connected to a DNA molecule 
encoding phosphinothricin acetyltransferase (PAT) gene, operably 
connected to a DNA molecule comprising a 3' transcriptional terminator 
from (CaMV) 35S. Id. at 2:63–3:5, 18:2–11. 
The ’378 patent discloses transforming maize with PHI8999A by 
particle bombardment and generating transgenic corn plants containing the 
Cry1F gene. Id. at 17:50–18:38. The expression of foreign genes in plants 
was known to be influenced by their location in the plant genome. Id. 
at 1:52–53. At the same time, the presence of the transgene at different 
locations in the genome will influence the overall phenotype of the plant in 
different ways. Id. at 1:57–59. For this reason, the ’378 patent acknowledges 
that it is often necessary to screen a large number of events in order to 
identify an event characterized by optimal expression of an introduced gene 
of interest. Id. at 1:59–62. 
According to the ’378 patent, 
it is common to produce hundreds to thousands of different 
events and screen those events for a single event that has 
desired transgene expression levels and patterns for commercial 
purposes. An event that has desired levels or patterns of 
transgene expression is useful for introgressing the transgene 
into other genetic backgrounds by sexual outcrossing using 
conventional breeding methods. Progeny of such crosses 
maintain the transgene expression characteristics of the original 
transformant. 
Id. at 2:3–11. 
In an embodiment of the ’378 patent, plants that survived the 
transformation with PHI8999A and confirmed to express the Cry1F protein 
were 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
5 
subjected to a whole plant bioassay using European corn borer 
insects. Positive plants were crossed with inbred lines to obtain 
seed from the initial transformed plants. A number of lines were 
evaluated in the field. The TC1507 event was selected from a 
population of independent transgenic events based on a superior 
combination of characteristics, including insect resistance and 
agronomic performance. 
Id. at 18:30–45. 
The ’378 patent describes the sequences of the transgene insert and 
flanking regions of TC1507 event. According to the ’378 patent, SEQ ID 
NO: 24 “represents the transgenic insert in maize line TC1507 as well as the 
sequence flanking the insertion sites,” SEQ ID NO: 25 “represents insert 
PHI8999A,” which was “used to transform maize line TC1507,” SEQ ID 
NO: 26 “represents part of the PHI8999A insert as well as flanking 
sequence 5' to the insert,” and SEQ ID NO: 27 “represents part of the 
PHI8999A insert as well as flanking sequence 3' to the insert.” Id. at 49–50, 
59–60, 65–66, 67–68, Fig. 1. 
 
Illustrative Claim 
Independent claim 1 is illustrative of the claimed subject matter and is 
reproduced below. 
1. A corn plant comprising a DNA construct, said DNA 
construct comprising a first and a second expression cassette, 
wherein said first expression cassette in operable linkage 
comprises 
(a) a maize ubiquitin promoter; 
(b) a 5' untranslated exon of a maize ubiquitin gene; 
(c) a maize ubiquitin intron; 
(d) a Cry1F encoding DNA molecule; and 
(e) a 3' ORF25 transcriptional terminator; and 
said second expression cassette comprising in operable linkage 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
6 
(i) a CaMV 35S promoter; 
(ii) a pat encoding DNA molecule; and 
(iii) a 3' transcriptional terminator from (CaMV) 35S 
comprising the nucleic acid sequence of positions 5843 to 6032 
of SEQ ID NO: 25; and 
wherein the first and second expression cassettes are flanked by 
SEQ ID NO: 26 at the 5' end and SEQ ID NO: 27 at the 3' end. 
Ex. 1001, 85:24–41. 
 
Asserted Challenge to Patentability 
Petitioner asserts the following challenge to patentability: 
Claims Challenged 35 U.S.C. §2 
Reference 
1, 2, 8 
102 
Barbour3 
3, 4, 7 
102/103(a) 
Barbour 
5, 6 
103(a) 
Barbour 
As support for its patentability challenge, Petitioner relies on the 
Declaration of Aron Silverstone, Ph.D. Ex. 1007. 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
 
Principles of Law 
To prevail in this inter partes review, Petitioner “shall have the 
burden of proving a proposition of unpatentability by a preponderance of the 
evidence.” 35 U.S.C. § 316(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). 
 
2 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 
125 Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective 
March 16, 2013. AIA §§ 3(b), 3(c), and 3(n). The application that issued as 
the ’378 patent was filed before the effective date of AIA. Ex. 1001, code 
22. Accordingly, we apply the pre-AIA version of §§ 102 and 103. 
3 Barbour et al., US 2006/0037095 A9, published Feb. 16, 2006 (Ex. 1009, 
“Barbour”). 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
7 
Petitioner also bears the initial burden of production to show the 
asserted reference is prior art. See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l 
Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1379 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Once Petitioner meets 
that burden, Patent Owner bears the “the burden of going forward with 
evidence either that the prior art does not actually anticipate” or render 
obvious the challenged claims, or that the asserted reference is not prior art 
because the challenged claims are “entitled to the benefit of a filing date 
prior to the alleged prior art.” Id. Once Patent Owner presents its evidence 
and argument in support of the earlier filing date, the burden of going 
forward again shifts to Petitioner to persuade us that the challenged claims 
are not entitled to the benefit of the earlier filing date. Id. Ultimately, 
Petitioner bears the burden of persuasion to prove unpatentability by a 
preponderance of the evidence, and that burden never shifts to Patent Owner. 
Id. at 1378. 
“[A] patent’s claims are not entitled to an earlier priority date merely 
because the patentee claims priority.” In re NTP, Inc., 654 F.3d 1268, 1276 
(Fed. Cir. 2011). “Rather, for a patent’s claims to be entitled to an earlier 
priority date, the patentee must demonstrate that the claims meet the 
requirements of 35 U.S.C. § 120.” Id.; see also Nat. Alternatives Int’l, Inc. v. 
Iancu, 904 F.3d 1375, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (holding that “claims in a 
patent or patent application are not entitled to priority under § 120 at least 
until the patent owner proves entitlement to the PTO, the Board, or a federal 
court”). Under § 120, entitlement to the benefit of an earlier priority date 
requires that the priority application satisfies the requirements under § 112, 
which include, among others, the enablement requirement. See 35 U.S.C. 
§§ 112, 120. 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
8 
“The test of enablement is whether one reasonably skilled in the art 
could make or use the invention from the disclosures in the patent coupled 
with information known in the art without undue experimentation.” United 
States v. Telectronics, Inc., 857 F.2d 778, 785 (Fed. Cir. 1988). Whether 
undue experimentation is needed is not a single, simple factual 
determination, but rather is a conclusion reached by weighing many factual 
considerations. In re Wands, 858 F.2d 731, 737 (Fed. Cir. 1988). These 
factors include, for example, the nature of the invention, the state of the prior 
art, the level of one of ordinary skill, the level of predictability in the art, and 
the amount of direction provided by the inventor. Id. 
“Where an invention depends on use of living materials such as 
microorganisms or cultured cells, it may be impossible to enable the public 
to make the invention solely by means of a written disclosure.” 
Wands, 858 F.2d at 735; see also In re Lundak, 773 F.2d 1216, 1220–21 
(Fed. Cir. 1985) (“When an invention relates to a new biological material, 
the material may not be reproducible even when detailed procedures and a 
complete taxonomic description are included in the specification.”). 
“The deposit of biological organisms for public availability satisfies the 
enablement requirement for materials that are not amenable to written 
description or that constitute unique biological materials which can not be 
duplicated.” Ajinomoto Co. v. Archer-Daniels-Midland Co., 228 F.3d 1338, 
1345–46 (Fed. Cir. 2000). 
“Although inventions involving microorganisms or other living cells 
often can be enabled by a deposit, a deposit is not always necessary to 
satisfy the enablement requirement.” Wands, 858 F.2d at 736 (footnotes 
omitted). “No deposit is necessary if the biological organisms can be 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
9 
obtained from readily available sources or derived from readily available 
starting materials through routine screening that does not require undue 
experimentation.” Id.; see also 37 C.F.R. § 1.802(b) (“Biological material 
need not be deposited . . . if it is known and readily available to the public or 
can be made or isolated without undue experimentation.”). 
We analyze the asserted grounds of unpatentability in accordance with 
these principles. 
 
Claim Construction 
In an inter partes review, we construe a claim term “using the same 
claim construction standard that would be used to construe the claim in a 
civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b) (2020). 
Under that standard, the words of a claim “are generally given their ordinary 
and customary meaning,” which is “the meaning that the term would have to 
a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the invention, 
i.e., as of the effective filing date of the patent application.” Phillips v. AWH 
Corp., 415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 
Petitioner argues that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) 
would understand that the term “‘flanked by’ permits overlap between the 
expression cassette and the DNA sequence it is flanked by.” Pet. 24–26. 
Patent Owner does not propose any claim construction. PO Resp. 6–7. 
On this record and for purposes of this Decision, we see no need to 
expressly construe any claim term. 
 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner asserts that: 
POSAs as of 2004 would have had a Ph.D. in biochemistry, cell 
biology, genetics, molecular biology, or a related field, and 3-5 
years of experience in the design or development of transgenic 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
10 
plants including genomics, proteomics, biochemistry, plant 
transformation and crop science, or the equivalent. Additional 
graduate education could substitute for professional experience, 
or significant experience in the field could substitute for formal 
education. 
Pet. 11. 
Patent Owner does not dispute this proposed definition of the 
ordinarily skilled artisan. PO Resp. 6. For purposes of this Decision, we 
adopt Petitioner’s undisputed definition of the person of ordinary skill in the 
art. 
 
Analysis 
The ’378 patent application issued from application No. 12/914,271 
(“the ’271 application”), filed on October 28, 2010. Ex. 1001, code 22. 
Barbour was published in 2006 (Ex. 1009, code 48), before the 2010 filing 
date of the ’271 application (Ex. 1001, code 22). 
The ’271 application, however, claims priority, through several earlier 
applications, to application No. 10/837,105 (“the 2004 application”), filed 
April 30, 2004. Ex. 1001, code 60.4 It is undisputed that the 2004 application 
and the ’271 application share the same or substantially the same 
specification. It is also undisputed that Barbour, the sole alleged prior art, is 
the 2006 publication of the 2004 application. Ex. 1009, code 21. 
Petitioner contends that the challenged claims are not entitled to the 
priority date of the 2004 application because “the April 2004 Application 
fails to enable POSAs to practice the Challenged Claims without undue 
experimentation.” Pet. 27–41. According to Petitioner, “the Challenged 
 
4 The ’271 application also claims priority to a 2003 provisional application. 
Ex. 1001, code 60. That application is not at issue in this proceeding. 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
11 
Claims concern a biological material that is not reproducible even when 
detailed procedures and a complete taxonomic description are included in 
the specification.” Id. at 31 (quotation marks omitted). Petitioner argues that 
“the Challenged Claims exemplify the type of invention requiring a deposit 
to satisfy the statutory enablement requirement under §112.” Id. at 30–31. 
Yet, Petitioner points out that “the April 2004 Application fails to identify 
any deposit of biological material.” Id. at 32. Petitioner asserts that analysis 
of the Wands factors confirms the 2004 application’s failure to meet the 
enablement requirement. Id. at 34–36. 
Petitioner argues that although the 2004 application does not satisfy 
the enablement requirement under § 112 as of the 2004 application’s filing 
date, the same application, published as Barbour, is enabling prior art under 
§ 102 as of Barbour’s 2006 publication date. Pet. 47–57; see also id. 
at 57–60 (arguing that “the standard for enablement under §102 differs from 
that under §112, such that TC1507’s commercial availability is dispositive 
under §102 but insufficient under §112”) (heading normalized). 
In the DI, the majority explained that (1) the disclosure of 
the 2004 application, by itself, did not sufficiently enable the full scope of 
the challenged claims as of April 2004; (2) because Patent Owner did not 
make a deposit of the transgenic TC1507 germplasm, the enablement 
requirement is not met by deposit of living materials. DI 10–13. During trial, 
Patent Owner does not dispute these determinations. See generally PO Resp. 
Relying on the deposition testimony of Dr. Silverstone (Ex. 2003) and 
other evidence developed through trial, however, Patent Owner argues that 
the TC1507 event was “known and readily available” by April 2004, and 
certainly when the ’378 patent issued in 2014. PO Resp. 17–29. Thus, 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
12 
according to Patent Owner, the challenged claims are entitled to the priority 
date of the 2004 application, which predates Barbour’s 2006 publication 
date. See id. at 1–2, 39–43. As a result, Patent Owner asserts that Barbour is 
not prior art and all of Petitioner’s challenges fail. Id. Based on the record 
developed during trial, and for reasons explained below, we agree with 
Patent Owner. 
During the preliminary stage of this proceeding, Patent Owner argued 
that, “[f]or claims where a biological sample may be required to enable the 
invention, enablement can be shown as of the filing date by depositing the 
material or otherwise establishing it is known and readily available as of the 
date of issuance of the patent.” Prelim. Sur-reply 1 (citing Lundak, 773 F.2d 
at 1220–22; Feldman v. Aunstrup, 517 F.2d 1351, 1355 (CCPA 1975); 
Ajinomoto Co. v. Archer-Daniels-Midland Co., 228 F.3d 1338, 1345–46 
(Fed. Cir. 2000); 37 C.F.R. § 1.802(b); M.P.E.P. §§ 2402, 2404.01); see also 
Prelim. Resp. 18 (citing Lundak, 773 F.2d at 1222; 37 C.F.R. § 1.804(a)), 
26–27 (citing Ajinomoto, 228 F.3d at 1346; Lundak, 773 F.2d at 1220–22; 
Feldman, 517 F.2d at 1355). Patent Owner also argued that “Petitioner’s 
own evidence of enablement of Barbour in 2006 for the purposes of § 102 
establishes enablement as of the April 2004 filing date.” Prelim. Sur-reply 4. 
In the DI, the majority stated that “for the priority determination, the 
relevant time is April 30, 2004, the filing date of the 2004 application.” 
DI 21; see also DI Dissent 3 (agreeing “Petitioner correctly argues that . . . 
whether the 2004 application enables the challenged claims must be 
determined as of April 30, 2004”). The majority explained that “[t]he 
authorities Patent Owner relie[d] on are inapposite because they address the 
deposit, and not commercial availability, of biological material.” DI 16; see 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
13 
also id. at 16–17 (analyzing authorities cited by Patent Owner). Because 
“Patent Owner d[id] not point to any authority to show, or otherwise 
persuasively argue, that case law and Rules addressing the deposit of 
biological material would apply to commercial sales of the material as 
presented on the record here,” “[w]e decline[d] to hold that the commercial 
availability of biological material during the pendency of the application but 
after the application’s filing date (for which the priority benefit is sought) 
retroactively meets the enablement requirement as of the filing date.” Id. at 
18. Based on the record available at that time, and for purposes of 
institution, the majority determined that Petitioner had shown sufficiently 
that the 2004 application did not meet the enablement requirement as 
of 2004, and thus, the challenged claims are not entitled to the 2004 priority 
date. Id. at 18–19. 
After institution, Patent Owner continues to argue that “[i]t is 
sufficient to enable the claimed invention as of the filing date by depositing 
a seed or otherwise showing that the biological material is known and 
readily available by the issuance of the patent.” PO Resp. 16. In addition to 
the authorities cited during the preliminary stage of this proceeding, which 
the majority addressed and dismissed in the DI (see DI 16–17 (analyzing 
authorities cited by Patent Owner in the Preliminary Response and 
Preliminary Sur-reply)), Patent Owner now also calls our attention to a 1987 
Federal Register publication, setting forth the Office’s position related to the 
deposit requirement. PO Resp. 16–18 (citing 52 Fed. Reg. 34080, 34081 
(Sept. 9, 1987)). 
In the Federal Register, the Office stated that “[i]f a biological 
material is known and readily available at the time the patent is granted, and 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
14 
there is no reasonable basis to believe that the biological material will cease 
to be available during the life of the patent, no requirement for a separate 
deposit would be made.” 52 Fed. Reg. 34080, 34081 (emphasis added). This 
statement supports Patent Owner’s argument that, “[f]or claims where a 
biological sample may be required to enable the invention, enablement can 
be shown as of the filing date by depositing the material or otherwise 
establishing it is ‘known and readily available’ as of the date of issuance of 
the patent.” PO Resp. 17–18. 
Petitioner does not challenge the authority of this Federal Register 
publication. In fact, Petitioner relies on other passages from the same 
publication. See Reply 3, 5, 18, 20 (citing different excerpts 
from 52 Fed. Reg. 34080). Petitioner, however, does not address the 
guidance in the Federal Register identified by Patent Owner. Instead, 
Petitioner argues that “[t]he Board already rejected PO’s theory and 
explained that PO’s authorities were ‘inapposite’ and did not concern 
‘commercial availability.’” Reply 26 (citing DI 16). Petitioner, however, 
fails to recognize that our decision to institute was based on the record at 
that time. The parties have developed the record since then. 
Indeed, Patent Owner has cited the Federal Register, which 
persuasively shows that the Office only requires “a biological material is 
known and readily available at the time the patent is granted” to satisfy the 
enablement requirement. PO Resp. 16–18 (citing 52 Fed. Reg. 34080, 
34081). The record thus contradicts Petitioner’s argument that “PO still cites 
‘no authority that directs [the Board] to extend the law applicable to the 
deposit of biological material to commercial sales of such material.’” 
Reply 26 (citing DI 18). 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
15 
Petitioner contends that “[c]ontrolling precedent instead precludes 
such extension.” Id. (citing White Consol. Indus. v. Vega Servo-Control, 
713 F.2d 788, 791 (Fed. Cir. 1983)). Although Petitioner is correct that 
White Consolidated Industries stands for the general rule that enablement is 
evaluated as of the application filing date (713 F.2d at 791), the patent-at-
issue in that case “is directed to a numerical control (NC) system for 
machine tools,” and not a biological material. White Consol. Indus., 
713 F.2d at 789. 
For a claim to a biological material, 
the enablement requirement of § 112, first paragraph, does not 
require such assured access to a microorganism deposit as of 
the filing date; what is required is assurance of access (to the 
microorganism culture by the public upon issuance of a patent 
on the application) prior to or during the pendency of the 
application, so that, upon issuance of a U. S. patent on the 
application, the public will, in fact, receive something in return 
for the patent grant. 
Feldman, 517 F.2d at 1355. Patent Owner has persuaded us that such 
exception not only applies to a deposit, but also extends to a biological 
material known and readily available. See 52 Fed. Reg. 34080, 34081. 
In this case, it is undisputed that TC1507 germplasm was known and 
readily available to the public by Barbour’s publication date in 2006 
(Pet. 49–53), years before the 2014 issuance date of the ’378 patent 
(Ex. 1001, code 45). Thus, based on the record developed through trial, we 
agree with Patent Owner that the 2004 application satisfies the enablement 
requirement as of its application date in 2004. PO Resp. 16–18 
(citing 52 Fed. Reg. 34080, 34081). As a result, the challenged claims are 
entitled to the 2004 priority date and, thus, Barbour does not qualify as prior 
art. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
16 
Because all of Petitioner’s challenges rely on Barbour (Pet. 6), all 
those challenges fail. 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
After reviewing the entire record, we determine that Petitioner has not 
met its burden to show, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1–8 
of the ’378 patent are unpatentable. 
In summary: 
 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not shown, by a preponderance of the 
evidence, that claims 1–8 of the ’378 patent are unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2.
 
 
Claims 
35 U.S.C. 
§ 
References 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 8 
102 
Barbour 
 
1, 2, 8 
3, 4, 7 
 
 
102/103(a) 
Barbour 
 
3, 4, 7 
5, 6 
 
103(a) 
Barbour 
 
5, 6 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
2 
FITZPATRICK, Administrative Patent Judge, concurring. 
I join the majority opinion, but I would also hold that Petitioner has 
not met its burden to show, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 
1–8 of the ’378 patent are unpatentable for an independent reason. 
Petitioner asserts the following in its Petition: 
[C]orn harvested from TC1507 plants continued to express the 
TC1507 event and was indisputably commercially available 
following the 2003, 2004, and 2005 growing seasons. 
Silverstone [Ex. 1007], ¶¶134–134. Such corn was sold as a 
commodity—without any contractual restrictions: 
 
 
Buyers of corn from growers lack any contractual relationship 
with PO and are thus not bound by any purported restrictions. 
Pet. 52–53. Petitioner relies on these asserted facts to argue that Barbour is 
enabling for purposes of anticipation of some of the challenged claims. 
Pet. 47. In Petitioner’s words: 
Barbour enables Challenged Claims 1–2 and 8 for 
anticipation purposes because PO had commercialized TC1507 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
3 
more than a year before July 6, 2007[1] (infra §VI.A.2.a) and 
POSAs could thus screen commercially available corn to identify 
germplasm expressing the TC1507 event, thereby possessing the 
claimed invention (infra §VI.A.2.b). Barbour itself discloses 
such screening methods and related kits. 
Pet. 47. 
Patent Owner, however, argues that these same facts likewise 
demonstrate enablement of the challenged claims by the 2004 application as 
of its filing date of April 30, 2004, which would eliminate Barber as prior 
art. See PO Resp. 19–20 (“Petitioner’s own evidence, presented for the 
purposes of institution, also demonstrates that the TC1507 event was 
undisputably ‘known and readily available’ by the April 2004 filing date.”). 
Although the Petition does not provide a precise date within 2003 that 
TC1507 became publicly available, the Petition implies that it was by 
autumn of 2003 and certainly before the end of 2003 and thus prior to April 
30, 2004. See Pet. 52 (“following the 2003 . . . growing season[]”), 5 (“PO 
commercialized TC1507 starting in 2003—making TC1507 germplasm 
accessible years before the July 2006 critical date.”). The testimony of 
Petitioner’s declarant, Dr. Silverstone, further supports that TC1507 was 
known and readily available in 2003. First, Dr. Silverstone testifies that “the 
TC1507 event had been commercialized under Patent Owner’s ‘Herculex’ 
trademark and widely planted in the United States over the course of three 
growing seasons (i.e., 2003, 2004, and 2005).” Ex. 1007 ¶131. Second, Dr. 
Silverstone testified that corn harvested from these growing seasons, 
 
1 The significance of July, 6, 2007, is that it is the filing date of the next 
application in the priority chain after the 2004 application. Ex. 1001, code 
(60), 1:7–13. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
4 
including the 2003 growing season, was commercially available to third 
parties whose use of the corn was unrestricted. Specifically, Dr. Silverstone 
testified: 
I understand that in European patent office proceedings, 
Patent Owner cited contractual provisions purportedly barring 
farmers from using TC1507 seed for “research purposes” or 
“transmitting the seed onwards to third parties” for such 
purposes. EX1003, 543 (emphasis original). However, I have 
been informed that such alleged restrictions would not apply to 
bulk corn harvested (and then sold into commerce, making it 
commercially available) from the TC1507 seed that farmers 
planted. Such corn kernels would continue to express the 
TC1507 event. See EX1003, 294 (noting that “[a]ny given event 
can be transmitted by breeding from the original transformant 
plant, thereby to create descendent plants with the same event.”). 
Ex. 1007 ¶134. 
I am aware of Petitioner’s arguments, in its Reply, that the amount of 
corn expressing the TC1507 event that was harvested and sold as a 
commodity following the 2003 growing season would have been less than 
that of the 2005 growing season and that a POSA “would [have had to] 
purchase such commodity corn, test it for TC1507, and hope for positive 
results,” which Petitioner characterizes as a “needle-in-haystack” scenario. 
Reply 10. And, I am persuaded that the amount of such corn harvested and 
sold would have been less in 2003 than in 2005. However, Petitioner offers 
no basis on which to quantify such corn in 2003 versus 2005, let alone 
explain how the 2003 amount is insufficient, but the 2005 amount is 
sufficient, to support enablement of the challenged claims based on the same 
paper disclosure. 
In sum, Petitioner argues, and the record supports, that “corn 
harvested from TC1507 plants continued to express the TC1507 event and 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
5 
was indisputably commercially available following the 2003, 2004, and 
2005 growing seasons” and “[s]uch corn was sold as a commodity—without 
any contractual restrictions. ” Pet. 52–53. Further, Petitioner argues, and the 
record supports, that “POSAs could thus screen commercially available corn 
to identify germplasm expressing the TC1507 event, thereby possessing the 
claimed invention,” with “Barbour itself disclos[ing] such screening 
methods and related kits.” Id. at 47. Because of these facts, I determine that 
the 2004 application provides an enabling disclosure of the challenged 
claims and that Barber, which was published in 2006, is not prior art as to 
the challenged claims. 
For this independent reason, I would hold that Petitioner has not met 
its burden to show, by a preponderance of the evidence, that claims 1–8 of 
the ’378 patent are anticipated by, or would have been obvious over, Barber.

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2024-01014 
Patent 8,901,378 B2 
 
1 
FOR PETITIONER: 
Scott McKeown 
Oona Johnstone 
Zhiyun Ge 
WOLF, GREENFIELD & SACKS, P.C. 
Smckeown-ptab@wolfgreenfield.com 
Ojohnstone-ptab@wolfgreenfield.com 
Jean.ge@wolfgreenfield.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Erin Sommers 
Kathleen Daley 
FINNEGAN, HENDERSON, FARABOW, GARRETT & DUNNER, LLP 
Erin.sommers@finnegan.com 
Kathleen.daley@finnegan.com