--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
 
 
 Paper 37 
571.272.7822 
 
 
 Entered: January 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
____________ 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
____________ 
 
INTAS PHARMACEUTICALS LTD., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
ATOSSA THERAPEUTICS, INC., 
Patent Owner. 
 
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
 
 
 
 
Before SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, TINA E. HULSE, and 
JAMIE T. WISZ, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
HULSE, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 328(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (“Petitioner”) filed a Petition requesting 
post-grant review of claims 1–22 of U.S. Patent No. 11,572,334 B2 
(Ex. 1001, “the ’334 Patent”), which is owned by Atossa Therapeutics, Inc. 
(“Patent Owner”). Paper 1 (“Pet.”). After considering the Petition, 
Preliminary Response (Paper 7), and Petitioner’s pre-institution Reply 
(Paper 10), we instituted post-grant review of the challenged claims of the 
’334 Patent. Paper 11 (“Institution Decision” or “Dec. Inst.”). 
After institution, Patent Owner filed a Response (Paper 14, 
“PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 16, “Pet. Reply”), and Patent 
Owner filed a Sur-reply (Paper 21, “PO Sur-reply”). An oral argument was 
held in this proceeding on October 30, 2024, and a copy of the transcript was 
entered into the record. Paper 34 (“Tr.”). 
We have jurisdiction under 35 U.S.C. § 6, and we issue this Final 
Written Decision under 35 U.S.C. § 328(a) and 37 C.F.R. § 42.73. For the 
reasons discussed below, we conclude that Petitioner has proven by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–22 of the ’334 Patent are 
unpatentable. 
A. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies itself and Accord Healthcare, Inc. (a U.S. 
subsidiary of Petitioner) as the real parties-in-interest to this proceeding. 
Pet. 1. Petitioner also states that “[o]ther parties who may be interested in 
the outcome of this PGR include the National Cancer Institute/National 
Institutes of Health Clinical Center, Eli Lilly and Company, Pfizer Inc., Jina 
Pharmaceuticals Inc., Cheiljedang Corp., Alchem Laboratories Corporation, 
and Lambda Therapeutic Research Limited.” Id. 
Patent Owner identifies itself as the real party-in-interest. Paper 5, 1. 

--- Page 3 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
3 
B. 
Related Proceedings 
Petitioner states that there are no current related matters. Pet. 1. 
Patent Owner states that the ’334 Patent is not involved in any related 
litigation matters, but identifies various patent applications related to the 
’334 Patent. Paper 5, 1. 
C. 
The ’334 Patent 
The ’334 Patent, entitled “Methods for Making and Using 
Endoxifen,” issued on February 7, 2023, and claims the benefit of several 
continuation and provisional applications, the earliest of which was filed on 
September 11, 2017. Ex. 1001, codes (54), (63), (64). According to the 
Abstract, the ’334 Patent “provides industrially scalable methods of making 
(Z)-endoxifen or a salt thereof, crystalline forms of endoxif[e]n, and 
compositions comprising them,” as well as “methods for treating hormone-
dependent breast and hormone-dependent reproductive tract disorders.” Id., 
Abstract. 
Endoxifen is the active metabolite of tamoxifen, a selective estrogen 
receptor modulator that is used to treat endocrine responsive breast cancer, 
i.e., hormone-dependent or hormone-sensitive breast cancer. Id. at 1:63–2:9. 
Endoxifen has two isomers,1 (E)-endoxifen and (Z)-endoxifen, illustrated 
below: 
 
1 An isomer has the same constituent atoms connected to the same atoms, 
but the three-dimensional spatial arrangement of those atoms differs. 
Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 20–21. 

--- Page 4 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
4 
 
The annotated illustration above depicts the chemical structure of 
(Z)-endoxifen on the left and (E)-endoxifen on the right with red boxes 
around the portion of the isomers that have differing spatial orientations. 
Ex. 1020 ¶ 21. 
According to the ’334 Patent Specification, “[i]t is widely accepted 
that (Z)-endoxifen is the main active metabolite responsible for the clinical 
efficacy of tamoxifen.” Ex. 1001, 2:36–38. “Several cytochrome P450 
(CYP) mutations have been proposed to cause reduced conversion of 
tamoxifen to its active metabolite, endoxifen, and reduce tamoxifen efficacy 
and increase resistance to the drug,” but “changes in the CYP genotype do 
not fully explain the tamoxifen resistance and the reduced endoxifen levels 
observed in some subjects.” Id. at 2:7–22. Accordingly, the Specification 
states that several alternatives to tamoxifen are being developed for treating 
breast cancer. Id. at 2:23–24. 
The Specification states that although hydrochloride and citrate salts 
of endoxifen are known in the art and being evaluated for metastatic cancer, 
“there remains [an] unmet medical need for new compositions and methods 
for the treatment and/or prevention of hormone-dependent breast and 
reproductive tract (gynecologic) disorders.” Id. at 2:39–53. 

--- Page 5 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
5 
D. 
Illustrative Claim 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–22 of the ’334 Patent, of which claims 
1 and 15 are independent. Claims 1 and 15 are illustrative and are 
reproduced below: 
1. An oral formulation comprising an endoxifen composition 
encapsulated in an enteric capsule, wherein the endoxifen 
composition comprises a compound of Formula (III): 
 
wherein at least 90% by weight of the compound of Formula (III) 
is (Z)-endoxifen. 
Ex. 1001, 98:13–30. 
15. A method of delivering (Z)-endoxifen to a subject, the 
method comprising administering to the subject an oral 
formulation comprising an endoxifen composition encapsulated 
in an enteric capsule, wherein the endoxifen composition 
comprises a compound of Formula (III): 
 

--- Page 6 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
6 
wherein at least 90% by weight of the compound of Formula (III) 
is (Z)-endoxifen. 
Id. at 99:7–26. Claims 2–14 depend directly or indirectly from claim 1. 
Id. at 98:31–99:6. And claims 16–22 depend directly or indirectly from 
claim 15. Id. at 99:27–100:28. 
E. 
The Asserted Grounds of Unpatentability 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–22 of the ’334 Patent based on the 
grounds set forth in the table below. 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1, 2, 4, 15, 20–22 
102 
Ahmad2 
1, 2, 4, 15, 20–22 
103 
Ahmad 
5–8, 16, 17 
103 
Ahmad, Cole3 
3 
103 
Ahmad, Benameur4 
9–13 
103 
Ahmad, Stegemann,5 HPE6 
14, 18, 19 
103 
Ahmad, Ahmad 2010,7 
Ahmad 20128 
 
2 Ahmad et al., US 9,333,190 B2, issued May 10, 2016. Ex. 1003 
(“Ahmad”). 
3 Cole, et al., Enteric coated HPMC capsules designed to achieve intestinal 
targeting, 231 INTL. J. PHARMACEUTICS 83–95 (2002). Ex. 1008 (“Cole”). 
4 Hassan Benameur, Capsule Technology: Enteric capsule drug delivery 
technology – Achieving Protection Without Coating, 15 DRUG 
DEVELOPMENT & DELIVERY 34–37 (June 2015). Ex. 1010 (“Benameur”). 
5 Stegemann et al., Hard gelatin capsules today – and tomorrow, Capsugel 
Library 3–23 (2d ed., 2002). Ex. 1011 (“Stegemann”). 
6 HANDBOOK OF PHARMACEUTICAL EXCIPIENTS (Raymond C. Rowe et al. 
eds., 5th ed. 2006). Ex. 1012 (“HPE”). 
7 Ahmad et al., Endoxifen, a New Cornerstone of Breast Cancer Therapy: 
Demonstration of Safety, Tolerability, and Systemic Bioavailability in 
Healthy Human Subjects, 88 CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY & THERAPEUTICS 
814–17 (Dec. 2010). Ex. 1006 (“Ahmad 2010”). 
8 Ahmad et al., Endoxifen for breast cancer: Multiple-dose, dose-escalation 
study characterizing pharmacokinetics and safety in metastatic breast 

--- Page 7 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
7 
Petitioner also relies on the Declarations of Jason McConville, Ph.D. 
(Exs. 1020, 1031) and Ron Bihovsky, Ph.D. (Ex. 1030). Patent Owner relies 
on the Declarations of Stephen Graham Davies, D. Phil. (Exs. 2001, 2020, 
2029). 
II. 
ELIGIBILITY FOR POST-GRANT REVIEW 
Section 6(d) of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, Pub. L. No. 
112-29, 125 Stat. 284 (Sept. 16, 2011) (“AIA”) sets forth the post-grant 
review provisions, which apply only to patents subject to the first-inventor-
to-file provisions of the AIA. AIA § 6(f)(2)(A) (stating the provisions of 
Section 6(d) “shall apply only to patents described in section 3(n)(1)”). 
Post-grant reviews are only available for patents that issue from applications 
“that contain[] or contained at any time . . . a claim to a claimed invention 
that has an effective filing date . . . on or after” March 16, 2013. AIA 
§ 3(n)(1). Moreover, “[a] petition for a post-grant review may only be filed 
not later than the date that is 9 months after the date of the grant of the patent 
or of the issuance of a reissue patent (as the case may be).” 35 U.S.C. 
§ 321(c). Petitioner has the burden of demonstrating eligibility for post-
grant review. See Mylan Pharms. Inc. v. Yeda Res. & Dev. Co., PGR2016-
00010, Paper 9 at 10 (PTAB Aug. 15, 2016). 
In our Institution Decision, we determined that the challenged claims 
are eligible for post-grant review. Dec. Inst. 6–7. That is, we found the 
earliest possible effective filing date of the challenged claims is September 
11, 2017, and the Petition was filed less than nine months after the date the 
patent was granted. Id. Patent Owner did not contest these findings during 
 
cancer patients, 30 J. CLINICAL ONCOLOGY 3089 (2012 ASCO Annual 
Meeting Abstract) (May 20, 2012). Ex. 1007 (“Ahmad 2012”). 

--- Page 8 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
8 
trial. We, therefore, maintain that the ’334 Patent is eligible for post-grant 
review. Id. 
III. 
ANALYSIS OF GROUNDS 
To prevail in this post-grant review of the challenged claims, 
Petitioner must prove unpatentability by a preponderance of the evidence. 
35 U.S.C. § 326(e); 37 C.F.R. § 42.1(d). The petitioner has the burden from 
the onset to show with particularity why the challenged claims are 
unpatentable. See Harmonic Inc. v. Avid Tech., Inc., 815 F.3d 1356, 1363 
(Fed. Cir. 2016). This burden of persuasion never shifts to the patent owner. 
See Dynamic Drinkware, LLC v. Nat’l Graphics, Inc., 800 F.3d 1375, 1378 
(Fed. Cir. 2015) (discussing the burden of proof in inter partes review). 
A. 
Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of ordinary skill in the art, we consider the 
type of problems encountered in the art, the prior art solutions to those 
problems, the rapidity with which innovations are made, the sophistication 
of the technology, and the educational level of active workers in the field. 
Custom Accessories, Inc. v. Jeffrey-Allan Indus., Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 
(Fed. Cir. 1986). 
Petitioner asserts that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA”) 
would be “someone with a Ph.D. in pharmaceutical sciences or a closely 
related field and experience in research related to pharmaceutical dosage 
forms or someone with at least a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in 
pharmaceutical sciences and three to five years of practical experience in 
formulating drugs.” Pet. 9 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 27). 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s definition of a person of 
ordinary skill in the art “ignores the complex chemistry at the center of the 

--- Page 9 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
9 
’334 invention and should be rejected.” Prelim. Resp. 12. Patent Owner 
contends that a person of ordinary skill in the art would have had “a graduate 
degree in organic chemistry, medicinal chemistry, pharmaceutical chemistry, 
or a related field, and four to six years of experience in the synthesis, 
purification, and design of pharmaceutical compounds and derivatives 
thereof as of the date of the claimed inventions” and “would have worked 
with a team of professionals with training in related disciplines, such as 
pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, formulation, drug discovery and/or drug 
development as of the date of the claimed inventions.” Id. at 12–13 (citing 
Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 42–43). 
As explained in our Institution Decision, we adopted Patent Owner’s 
definition because we do not discern a substantive difference between the 
parties’ respective definitions for the level of ordinary skill in the art—both 
definitions provide for a highly skilled POSA with experience in formulating 
drugs. Dec. Inst. 8. Petitioner’s counsel confirmed during the hearing that 
there was no substantive difference between the parties’ definitions. 
Tr. 7:25–8:5. Accordingly, we find the parties’ respective definitions to be 
equivalent and consistent with the level of ordinary skill in the art as 
reflected by the prior art in this proceeding. See Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 
F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that specific findings regarding 
ordinary skill level are not required “where the prior art itself reflects an 
appropriate level and a need for testimony is not shown” (quoting Litton 
Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 
1985))). We, therefore, adopt Patent Owner’s definition of a POSA. 
Moreover, we find that Dr. McConville, Dr. Bihovsky, and Dr. Davies 
are all qualified to opine from the perspective of a skilled artisan as all are 
persons of at least ordinary skill in the art, based on either party’s definition. 

--- Page 10 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
10 
See Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 3–15; Ex. 2001 ¶¶ 4–11; Ex. 1002 ¶¶ 5–15; Ex. 2036 
¶¶ 5–11, App’x A; see also Kyocera Senco Indus. Tools Inc. v. Int’l Trade 
Comm’n, 22 F.4th 1369, 1376–77 (Fed. Cir. 2022) (“To offer expert 
testimony from the perspective of a skilled artisan in a patent case—like for 
claim construction, validity, or infringement—a witness must at least have 
ordinary skill in the art.”). 
B. 
Claim Construction 
The Board applies the same claim construction standard that would be 
used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. § 282(b). 
37 C.F.R. § 42.200(b). Under that standard, claim terms “are generally 
given their ordinary and customary meaning” as understood by a person of 
ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 
415 F.3d 1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). Moreover, “claim terms 
need only be construed ‘to the extent necessary to resolve the controversy.’” 
See Wellman, Inc. v. Eastman Chem. Co., 642 F.3d 1355, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 
2011) (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 795, 
803 (Fed. Cir. 1999)). 
In our Institution Decision, we construed sua sponte the term “the 
compound of Formula (III) is (Z)-endoxifen,” because we disagreed with 
Patent Owner’s argument that the phrase is limited to the free base form of 
(Z)-endoxifen. Dec. Inst. 10. We preliminarily held that for purposes of the 
Institution Decision, the construction of “the compound of Formula (III) is 
(Z)-endoxifen” includes the polymorphic, salt, free base, co-crystal and 
solvate forms of (Z)-endoxifen. Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 12:48–59). During 
trial, we asked the parties to brief the construction of the term. See id.; 
PO Resp. 19–27; Pet. Reply 2–3; PO Sur-reply 3–4. 

--- Page 11 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
11 
Petitioner agrees with the Board’s preliminary claim construction, 
contending that the Specification clarifies that the limitation “compound of 
Formula (III) is (Z)-endoxifen” encompasses not only the free base, but the 
salt forms, as well. Pet. Reply 2 (citing Ex. 1001, 12:48–52). 
Patent Owner, on the other hand, contends that the Board’s 
construction of “the compound of Formula (III) is (Z)-endoxifen” is overly 
broad, is not supported by the intrinsic record, and is inconsistent with the 
way a POSA would interpret the term. PO Resp. 19. Patent Owner further 
states that “the specification, properly read in conjunction with the claims 
themselves, supports a narrower construction . . . to include the (Z)-
endoxifen free base” and exclude the salt and solvate forms. Id.; see also 
PO Sur-reply 3. 
That said, the parties both state that it does not matter which 
construction we apply, as the outcome would be the same regardless. See 
PO Resp. 4; Pet. Reply 3. 
Having considered the parties’ respective arguments and evidence 
presented at trial, we find this to be a close case. Despite the ambiguities in 
the Specification, however, we modify our claim construction in favor of 
Patent Owner’s interpretation. 
We begin our analysis with the language of the claims, as defined by 
the Specification. Claim 1 recites “a compound of Formula (III)” and 
provides the structure of Formula (III). Ex. 1001, 98:15. Patent Owner 
contends that because the structure of Formula (III) depicts the free base 
form of endoxifen and not the salt form, our analysis should end there. PO 
Resp. 19–20. The Specification suggests otherwise, however, as it expressly 
defines “‘a compound’, such as compounds of . . . Formula (III) . . . [to] 
include the polymorphic, salt, free base, co-crystal, and solvate forms of the 

--- Page 12 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
12 
formulas and/or compounds disclosed herein.” Ex. 1001, 12:48–52; see also 
id. at 12:52–59 (stating “‘compounds of Formula (III)’ . . . include . . . the 
free base of the compounds of Formula (III), and/or the gluconate salts as 
described herein”). If “the compound of Formula (III)” were limited to the 
free base form, as shown in the structure of Formula (III), the Specification’s 
definition of “the compound of Formula (III),” which includes the salt and 
solvate forms of Formula (III), could never be true. Thus, the structure of 
Formula (III) alone cannot provide the basis for limiting the claims to the 
free base form. 
Nevertheless, although the “compound of Formula (III)” is defined 
broadly by the Specification, the claim further narrows “the compound of 
Formula (III)” to “(Z)-endoxifen.” Id. at 98:29–30. The question, then, is 
whether “(Z)-endoxifen” should be construed broadly to include the free 
base and salt form, or if it should be limited to its free base form. Despite 
various inconsistencies in the Specification, we find on balance that the 
intrinsic evidence supports limiting the construction of “(Z)-endoxifen” to its 
free base form. 
Patent Owner argues that because the Specification defines 
“endoxifen” as “4-hydroxy-N-desmethyl-tamoxifen,” which lacks any 
mention of salts or solvates, the claims should be limited to a mixture of (Z)-
endoxifen and (E)-endoxifen free base. PO Resp. 20. We disagree. If the 
use of “endoxifen” alone necessarily connotes the free base form of 
endoxifen, then the Specification would not have to distinguish “(Z)-
endoxifen free base” from “(Z)-endoxifen HCL and (Z)-endoxifen citrate 
salts.” See, e.g., Ex. 1001, 82:3–5 (“Commercially endoxifen is available as 
an (E)/(Z) isomer free base mixture, as well as ≥98% (Z)-endoxifen HCL 
and (Z)-endoxifen citrate salts.”); see also id. at 9:16–17 (stating “the 

--- Page 13 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
13 
present disclosure provides a composition comprising (Z)-endoxifen free 
base or a salt thereof”). 
When read as a whole, however, we find compelling that the 
Specification consistently identifies (Z)-endoxifen salts as separate from (Z)-
endoxifen. Throughout the Specification—including in the Abstract and the 
Summary of the Invention—the ’334 Patent refers to “(Z)-endoxifen and 
salts thereof,” suggesting that references to “(Z)-endoxifen” alone do not 
include the salt forms unless expressly identified as such. See, e.g., id. at 
Abstract (“The present disclosure provides . . . methods of making (Z)-
endoxifen or a salt thereof”), 2:60–62 (Summary of the Invention stating 
same); 6:4–6 (Summary of the Invention stating “process for manufacturing 
(Z)-endoxifen or salts thereof”). 
Moreover, the Specification states that although endoxifen is available 
commercially as an (E)/(Z) isomer free base mixture, as well as ≥98% (Z)-
endoxifen HCL and (Z)-endoxifen citrate salts, “[t]here remains a need for 
(Z)-endoxifen free base preparations that are sufficiently stable for 
preparation of pharmaceutical compositions.” Id. at 82:3–5, 82:37–39. 
Accordingly, the Specification states, “[p]rovided herein in the present 
disclosure are preparations of endoxifen free base that are . . . at least 90% 
(Z)-endoxifen free base.” Id. at 82:43–45. 
Taking the language of the claims and the Specification as a whole, 
we determine that the intrinsic evidence supports construing the limitation 
“the compound of Formula (III) is (Z)-endoxifen” to be limited to the (Z)-
endoxifen free base form and excludes the salt and solvate forms. 
We determine it is unnecessary to expressly construe any other claim 
terms for purposes of this Decision. See Wellman, 642 F.3d at 1361. 

--- Page 14 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
14 
C. 
Ground 1: Alleged Anticipation by Ahmad 
Petitioner asserts that claims 1, 2, 4, 15, and 20–22 of the ’334 Patent 
are anticipated by Ahmad. Pet. 28–35. Patent Owner opposes, arguing that 
Ahmad does not enable the claimed invention. PO Resp. 27–51. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
determine Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that 
those claims are anticipated by Ahmad. 
1. 
Ahmad (Ex. 1003) 
Ahmad is a U.S. patent entitled “Endoxifen Compositions and 
Methods,” which issued on May 10, 2016, and claims priority to two 
provisional applications, the earliest of which was filed on November 22, 
2006. Ex. 1003, codes (54), (45), (60). We, therefore, find Ahmad is prior 
art to the ’334 Patent, and Patent Owner does not assert otherwise during 
trial. See generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. 
Ahmad describes “compositions containing endoxifen, formulations 
and liposomes of endoxifen, methods of preparation of such agents and 
formulations, and use of such agents and formulations for the treatment of 
breast cancer and other diseases susceptible to endoxifen.” Ex. 1003, 
Abstract. Ahmad explains that “[r]ecently, endoxifen has been shown to be 
anti-estrogenic in breast cancer cells and to be more potent than Tamoxifen,” 
which is a widely-used, anti-estrogenic drug prescribed for long-term, low-
dose therapy of breast cancer. Id. at 1:64–66; see also id. at 1:36–39. 
Ahmad describes methods of preparing a composition containing a 
therapeutically active amount of endoxifen in its free base or salt form. Id. 
at 2:21–26. Ahmad explains that endoxifen can be purified through 
crystallization and/or liquid chromatography to produce a purified 
preparation that contains predominantly E-isomer, predominantly Z-isomer, 

--- Page 15 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
15 
or a mixture of E- and Z-isomers of endoxifen. Id. at 3:55–61, 11:17–23 
(“The separation of E- and Z-isomers of endoxifen in the present invention 
can be done, e.g., by crystallization, or purification by liquid 
chromatography (LC), or high pressure liquid column chromatography 
(HPLC).”). In some embodiments, the composition comprises a tablet or a 
filled capsule that optionally comprises an enteric coating material. Id. at 
3:62–4:44. 
Ahmad states that “[o]ne object of the present invention is to provide 
E-endoxifen or Z-endoxifen with at least 80% purity, such as at least 90% 
pure or at least 95% pure or at least 98% pure or at least 99% pure or at least 
100% pure.” Id. at 12:14–17. 
2. 
Legal Standard 
Anticipation requires that “each and every element as set forth in the 
claim is found, either expressly or inherently described, in a single prior art 
reference.” In re Robertson, 169 F.3d 743, 745 (Fed. Cir. 1999). “To 
establish inherency, the extrinsic evidence ‘must make clear that the missing 
descriptive matter is necessarily present in the thing described in the 
reference, and that it would be so recognized by persons of ordinary skill.’” 
Id. (citation omitted). Moreover, to anticipate, a prior art reference must 
“disclose[] within the four corners of the document not only all of the 
limitations claimed but also all of the limitations arranged or combined in 
the same way as recited in the claim.” Net MoneyIN, Inc. v. Verisign, Inc., 
545 F.3d 1359, 1371 (Fed. Cir. 2008). 
An anticipatory reference must also be enabling, which requires that 
the reference “teach a skilled artisan—at the time of filing—to make or carry 
out what it discloses in relation to the claimed invention without undue 
experimentation.” In re Morsa, 803 F.3d 1374, 1377 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (citing 

--- Page 16 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
16 
In re Antor Media Corp., 689 F.3d 1282, 1289–90 (Fed. Cir. 2012)). To 
determine whether the requisite amount of experimentation is undue, we 
may consider the so-called Wands factors: (1) the quantity of 
experimentation necessary, (2) the amount of direction or guidance 
presented, (3) the presence or absence of working examples, (4) the nature 
of the invention, (5) the state of the prior art, (6) the relative skill of those in 
the art, (7) the predictability or unpredictability of the art, and (8) the breadth 
of the claims. See Elan Pharms., Inc. v. Mayo Foundation, 346 F.3d 1051, 
1054–55 (Fed. Cir. 2003) (quoting In re Wands, 858 F.2d 731, 737 (Fed. 
Cir. 1988)). 
An anticipatory reference, however, “need not enable the claim in its 
entirety, but instead the reference need only enable a single embodiment of 
the claim.” In re Morsa, 803 F.3d at 1377. Moreover, “a prior art reference 
must be considered together with the knowledge of one of ordinary skill in 
the pertinent art.” In re Paulsen, 30 F.3d 1475, 1480 (Fed. Cir. 1994); see 
also DeGeorge v. Bernier, 768 F.2d 1318, 1323 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (finding a 
reference “need not . . . explain every detail since [it] is speaking to those 
skilled in the art”). Thus, additional references may be relied upon to show 
the claimed subject matter was in the public’s possession. In re Donohue, 
766 F.2d 531, 534 (Fed. Cir. 1985) (finding proper the examiner’s 
anticipation rejection that relied upon two additional references to show the 
subject matter disclosed in the anticipatory reference was in the public’s 
possession). 
Moreover, the Federal Circuit has held that in AIA trial proceedings, 
prior art patents and publications are presumed to be enabled and the patent 
owner has the burden to prove nonenablement of that prior art. Apple Inc. v. 
Corephotonics, Ltd., 861 F. App’x 443, 450 (Fed. Cir. 2021) (holding 

--- Page 17 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
17 
“regardless of the forum, prior art patents and publications enjoy a 
presumption of enablement, and the patentee/applicant has the burden to 
prove nonenablement for such prior art”). As such, Apple instructs us that a 
petitioner need not provide evidence in its petition to show a prior art patent 
is enabling as part of its burden to prove anticipation. Id. at 449–50 (finding 
the Board erred in shifting the burden to the petitioner to provide evidence in 
its petition to show prior art patent publication was enabling). Thus, it is 
Patent Owner’s burden to establish by a preponderance of the evidence that 
Ahmad is not enabling. 
Before we turn to the substantive grounds, we must first resolve the 
parties’ disputes over several legal issues regarding enablement. First, 
Patent Owner asserts that “[w]hile the claims of a prior art patent are 
presumed enabled, . . . [t]here is no presumption that every prophetic 
example in the specification is enabled, especially where that prophetic 
example is not explicitly claimed.” PO Resp. 32 (citations omitted). This is 
an incorrect statement of the law. The Federal Circuit has clearly stated that 
“a presumption arises that both the claimed and unclaimed disclosures in a 
prior art patent are enabled.” Amgen Inc. v. Hoechst Marion Roussel, Inc., 
314 F.3d 1313, 1354–55 (Fed. Cir. 2003). Patent Owner may rebut that 
presumption, but that presumption of enablement exists nonetheless for both 
the claimed and unclaimed disclosures. 
Second, the parties dispute the timeframe by which Ahmad must be 
enabling. Patent Owner asserts that “[e]nablement of a prior art patent is 
determined as of the effective filing date of the [prior art] patent.” PO Resp. 
45. Petitioner disagrees, asserting that a POSA need only have been able to 
make Ahmad’s invention “prior to the 334 patent.” Pet. Reply 7. 

--- Page 18 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
18 
Patent Owner fails to cite any relevant case law that supports its 
position. The one case Patent Owner cites relates to enablement of the 
patent-in-suit under § 112, not that of a prior art reference under § 102. See 
PO Resp. 45 (citing Plant Genetic Sys., N.V. v. DeKalb Genetics Corp., 315 
F.3d 1335, 1339 (Fed. Cir. 2003)). The Federal Circuit has made clear, 
however, that “the standard for what constitutes proper enablement of a prior 
art reference for purposes of anticipation under section 102 . . . differs from 
the enablement standard under section 112.” Rasmusson v. SmithKline 
Beecham Corp., 413 F.3d 1318, 1325 (Fed. Cir. 2005). Thus, we find Patent 
Owner misstates the law on the timing of enablement of an anticipatory 
reference. 
Whether Petitioner’s statement of the law is correct is less clear. In 
addressing enablement of an anticipatory reference under pre-AIA § 102(b),9 
the Federal Circuit held that the relevant timeframe for determining whether 
a prior art reference is enabling is one year before the effective filing date of 
the patent-in-suit. See Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. v. Ben Venue Lab’ys, Inc., 
246 F.3d 1368, 1379 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (evaluating whether the disclosure in 
the anticipatory reference “would have been enabling to one of skill in the 
art more than one year prior to [the effective filing date of the patent]”); see 
also In re Samour, 571 F.2d 559, 562–63 (CCPA 1978) (“The critical issue 
under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b) is whether the claimed subject matter was in 
possession of the public more than one year prior to applicant’s filing date 
not whether the evidence showing such possession came before or after the 
date of the primary reference.”). We are not aware, however, of any 
controlling case law specifically addressing the timeframe of enablement of 
 
9 The AIA became effective March 16, 2013. 

--- Page 19 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
19 
an anticipatory reference under the current AIA § 102. We note that the 
reasoning behind the one-year timeframe appears to stem from the one-year 
bar date of pre-AIA § 102(b). See Samour, 571 F.2d at 562 (stating a 
printed publication that “discloses every material element of the claimed 
subject matter[] would constitute a bar under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b) to 
appellant’s right to a patent if, more than one year prior to appellant’s filing 
date, it placed [the claimed invention] ‘in possession of the public’”); 
Bristol-Myers, 246 F.3d at 1379 (relying on Samour). Although AIA 
§ 102(b)(1) provides for a one-year grace period under certain 
circumstances, that exception does not apply to the facts of this case. See 
35 U.S.C. § 102(b)(1). Thus, we determine that Ahmad need only be 
enabling prior to the earliest possible effective filing date of the ’334 Patent, 
i.e., on September 11, 2017, as Petitioner asserts. See Pet. 5. We note, 
however, that our decision would be the same if we applied the Bristol-
Myers standard of one year prior to the earliest possible effective filing date 
of the ’334 Patent, i.e., September 11, 2016. 
Finally, the parties dispute whether additional references, like Liu 10 
and Fauq,11 that post-date Ahmad can be relied upon to show Ahmad is 
enabled. Patent Owner states that “[p]ost-effective filing date evidence 
offered to illuminate the post-effective filing date state of the art is 
improper.” PO Sur-reply 12 (arguing it is improper to rely on Liu because 
Liu postdates Ahmad, citing Amgen Inc. v. Sanofi, 872 F.3d 1367, 1374 
 
10 Liu et al., WO2017/070651 A1, published Apr. 27, 2017. Ex. 1004 
(“Liu”). 
11 Fauq et al., A convenient synthesis of (Z)-4-hydroxy-N-desmethyltamoxifen 
(endoxifen), 20 BIOORG. & MED. CHEM. LETTERS 3036–38 (2010). Ex. 1022 
(“Fauq”). 

--- Page 20 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
20 
(Fed. Cir. 2017)). We disagree. Patent Owner relies on Sanofi, a § 112 
enablement case, which, as explained above, is inapposite when determining 
the enablement of a prior art reference under § 102. See Rasmusson, 413 
F.3d at 1325. Moreover, in Bristol-Myers, the Federal Circuit expressly held 
that “[e]nablement of an anticipatory reference may be demonstrated by a 
later reference.” 246 F.3d at 1379 (citing Donohue, 766 F.2d at 532; 
Samour, 571 F.2d at 562) 
Having set forth the proper legal standards for anticipation, we apply 
those legal standards in our analysis below. 
3. 
Analysis 
In our Institution Decision, we found Petitioner sufficiently showed 
that Ahmad discloses each limitation of claims 1, 2, 4, 15, and 20–22. Dec. 
Inst. 13–17. That is, Ahmad discloses the same chemical structure as 
Formula (III) and states that an object of the invention is to provide (Z)-
endoxifen “with at least 80% purity, such as at least 90% pure.” Ex. 1003, 
Fig. 1, 12:14–17, 2:24–40, 3:55–61. Patent Owner does not dispute those 
findings. See PO Resp. 27–51. We, therefore, maintain that Petitioner has 
shown by a preponderance of the evidence that Ahmad discloses each 
limitation of claims 1, 2, 4, 15, and 20–22 for the reasons set forth in our 
Institution Decision, which we incorporate and adopt here. See Dec. Inst. 
13–17. 
Rather than challenge whether Ahmad discloses each limitation of the 
challenged claims, Patent Owner asserts that Ahmad does not enable the 
claimed invention. PO Resp. 27–51. Specifically, Patent Owner asserts that 
Ahmad does not teach a POSA how to achieve 90% pure (Z)-endoxifen, as 
required by each of the claims. Id. at 28. In response, Petitioner argues that 
Ahmad is enabling because using 90% pure (Z)-endoxifen was in the 

--- Page 21 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
21 
public’s possession, as shown, for example, by Liu and Fauq.12 Pet. Reply 
3–9. Having considered the arguments and evidence presented by the 
parties at trial, we are not persuaded that Ahmad fails to enable the claims. 
Patent Owner first broadly asserts that the field of organic chemistry, 
including the separation and purification of stereoisomers, is unpredictable 
and difficult, which favors a lack of enablement. PO Resp. 30–32 (citing 
Forest Lab’ys, Inc. v. Ivax Pharms., Inc., 501 F.3d 1263 (Fed. Cir. 2007) and 
Sanofi-Synthelabo v. Apotex, Inc., 550 F.3d 1075 (Fed. Cir. 2008)). The 
cases Patent Owner cites, however, are distinguishable. 
In Forest, the patent-in-suit claimed a substantially pure enantiomer of 
a drug. 501 F.3d at 1265–66. That patent, however, issued in 1994, twelve 
years before the critical date of the ’334 Patent. Id. The Federal Circuit 
upheld the district court’s findings that, at that time of the invention, chiral 
high performance liquid chromatography “was a relatively new and 
unpredictable technique” and noted that several different teams, including 
the author of the prior art reference, had worked to separate the enantiomers 
of the claimed drug but failed. Id. at 1266. 
Similarly, in Sanofi-Synthelabo, the patent claimed a particular 
enantiomer that, in 1985, took months of experimentation to successfully 
 
12 In the Petition, Petitioner pre-emptively relied on Liu and Song to argue 
that Ahmad was enabled because methods of obtaining 90% pure (Z)-
endoxifen were known in the art. Pet. 30. Upon realizing that Song erred in 
its NMR analysis and incorrectly reported its results, Petitioner no longer 
relied on Song in its Reply. Pet. Reply 4. Petitioner explains, however, that 
that error “does not demonstrate that a POSA could not follow Liu or other 
methods of achieving 90% purity.” Id. at 11 n.5 (citing Ex. 1030 ¶ 30). 
Because Petitioner was not required to preemptively address enablement in 
its Petition, see Apple, 861 F. App’x at 449–50, we do not fault Petitioner for 
Song’s error. 

--- Page 22 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
22 
separate. 550 F.3d at 1081. The prior art reference stated that the invention 
includes enantiomers, but only disclosed the racemates, and did not describe 
how to separate the racemates into the claimed dextrorotatory enantiomer. 
Id. at 1083. The Federal Circuit affirmed the district court’s finding that 
because the reference contained no description of how to separate the 
enantiomers of the compound in question, discovering which method and 
what combination of variables is required would require undue 
experimentation. Id. at 1085. 
In contrast, here, Ahmad does provide guidance as to which methods 
can be used to separate the isomers. Specifically, Ahmad teaches that the 
(E)- and (Z)-isomers of endoxifen can be separated “by crystallization, or 
purification by liquid column chromatography (LC), or high pressure liquid 
chromatography (HPLC).” Ex. 1003, 11:19–23. Moreover, Ahmad 
provides examples of suitable solvents that can be used, and, when a mixture 
of solvents is used, Ahmad provides examples of ratios that can be used to 
separate the isomers. Id. at 11:24–42. And, unlike the repeated failures of 
others to separate the enantiomers in Forest, 501 F.3d at 1266, here, others, 
like Liu and Fauq, had successfully purified at least 90% (Z)-endoxifen by 
the earliest possible effective date of the invention. See Ex. 1004 (Liu) ¶ 76; 
Ex. 1022 (Fauq), Abstract, 3036–38; Ex. 1030 ¶¶ 17–22. 
Patent Owner also argues that Ahmad lacks enablement because 
Ahmad amended its claims during prosecution in response to the examiner’s 
§ 103 rejection and submitted a declaration from its co-inventor stating that 
the oral dosage form administered in Ahmad “was at least 80% Z-endoxifen 
and was in the form of a citrate salt of endoxifen.” PO Resp. 36–37 (citing 
Ex. 2022, 162–81). Patent Owner asserts that “there is nothing in the 
specification or file history that demonstrates enablement of anything greater 

--- Page 23 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
23 
than 80% purity.” Id. at 37. We are not persuaded. Statements by a co-
inventor regarding his work disclosed in Ahmad offer minimal probative 
value to the question of whether Ahmad in combination with the knowledge 
of a POSA enables the claims of the ’334 Patent as of September 11, 2016—
almost 10 years after the earliest effective filing date of Ahmad. Ex. 1003, 
code (60) (related provisional application filed Nov. 21, 2006). 
Patent Owner next argues that Ahmad does not contain any working 
examples of the synthetic method that result in a 90% pure (Z)-endoxifen. 
PO Resp. 38. Moreover, Patent Owner argues that the synthetic pathway of 
Ahmad is different than that described in the ’334 Patent. Id. at 39 (citing 
Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 135–136). Those arguments are both true. But, as Petitioner 
notes, the Federal Circuit does not require actual performance to be 
enabling. See Pet. Reply 3; Bristol-Myers, 246 F.3d at 1379 (finding 
“anticipation does not require actual performance of suggestions in a 
disclosure” to be enabling). And, because the ’334 Patent claims do not 
recite a particular synthetic pathway, we agree with Petitioner that any 
differences between the pathways described in Ahmad and the ’334 Patent 
are inapposite for purposes of enablement. Pet. Reply 6 n.3. We credit the 
testimony of Dr. Bihovsky that there are a variety of different synthetic and 
purification approaches for preparing (Z)-endoxifen. Ex. 1030 ¶ 33 (citing 
Exs. 1003 (Ahmad), 1004 (Liu), 1022 (Fauq)). Moreover, Dr. Bihovsky 
further explains that each of the prior art methodologies uses one or more 
purification steps after synthesis to separate the mixture of (E)- and (Z)-
endoxifen using crystallization or chromatography, as Ahmad teaches. Id. 
(citing Ex. 1003, 11:19–23). We are persuaded by Dr. Bihovsky’s testimony 
that “[a] POSA would conclude that even if Ahmad produces a different E/Z 
ratio, purification by standard techniques would still be possible.” Id. 

--- Page 24 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
24 
Patent Owner also argues that purifying (Z)-endoxifen is a technically 
difficult process and that Ahmad does not substantively describe how to 
separate (Z)- and (E)-endoxifen isomers beyond generically identifying 
crystallization, liquid chromatography, and high-pressure liquid 
chromatography as possible methods. PO Resp. 41. Patent Owner and its 
expert, Dr. Davies, argue that Ahmad “does not describe any meaningful 
amounts, ranges, examples, or guidelines to use with any of the three 
possible purification methods.” Id. at 42; Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 80, 128. Dr. Davies 
states that a POSA would understand that “stereoisomers of endoxifen may 
be separated by solid state techniques, such as fractional crystallization or 
chromatography, but that the yield of a given isomer is difficult or 
impossible to predict.” Ex. 2020 ¶ 53. Dr. Davies further states that because 
there are an “almost unlimited number of feasible purification parameter 
combinations available to a POSA for optimizing compound purification,” a 
POSA would not have arrived at the particular conditions needed for 
purification without significant and undue experimentation. Id. 
We identify two problems with Patent Owner’s argument and Dr. 
Davies’s opinion. First, the claims do not require a specific yield; they only 
require a specific purity. See, e.g., Ex. 1001, claim 1. Second, Dr. Davies 
ignores the state of the art that existed by 2017, including methods taught by 
Liu and Fauq, which would have provided a POSA reading Ahmad with 
guidance on how to purify the endoxifen mixture taught by Ahmad to 
achieve 90% pure (Z)-endoxifen. Ex. 1003, 11:17–42. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner cannot rely on the additional 
references to supply a missing claim limitation. PO Resp. 45 (citing 
Teleflex, Inc. v. Ficosa N. Am. Corp., 299 F.3d 1313, 1335 (Fed. Cir. 2002)). 
But unlike the prior art in Teleflex, which failed to disclose a limitation of 

--- Page 25 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
25 
the claims, see id., we find Ahmad discloses each limitation of the claims. 
See supra. Thus, additional references like Liu and Fauq are not 
impermissibly filling in gaps to supply a missing limitation, and Petitioner 
may rely on Liu and Fauq to demonstrate the state of the art in 2017.13 See 
Ex. 1004, code (43); Ex. 1022, 3036; see also Ex. 1030 ¶¶ 21, 22. 
Liu teaches a detailed method for synthesizing and purifying (Z)-
endoxifen with 99% isomeric purity through recrystallization. Ex. 1004 
¶¶ 4, 76; Ex. 1030 ¶¶ 17–20. Specifically, Liu describes a process for 
preparing a 50:50 mixture of (Z)-endoxifen and (E)-endoxifen and then 
producing highly pure (Z)-endoxifen (i.e., 99% isomeric purity) from that 
mixture by crystallization and isomerization. Ex. 1004 ¶¶ 72–76; Ex. 1030 
¶¶ 25, 17–20. Petitioner bolsters its argument regarding Liu with 
Dr. Bihovsky’s testimony stating that he conducted the synthesis and 
purification of Liu to obtain greater than 90% pure (Z)-endoxifen. Pet. 
Reply 5 (citing Ex. 1030 ¶ 27). 
Petitioner also argues that “Fauq teaches how to make a highly pure 
(Z)-endoxifen by chromatography (as does Milroy14).” Id. at 4 (citing 
 
13 Patent Owner argues that Petitioner impermissibly relies on Fauq because 
Petitioner raised Fauq for the first time in its Reply. PO Sur-reply 6. We 
disagree. As explained above, Patent Owner has the burden to prove Ahmad 
is not enabling, which it raised in its Patent Owner Response. See Apple, 
861 F. App’x at 449–50 (holding patentee has the burden to prove 
nonenablement for anticipatory prior art). Petitioner was then entitled to 
respond to Patent Owner’s arguments by raising Fauq in its Reply. See id. 
(finding petitioner did not have to address enablement of an anticipatory 
reference in the petition). 
14 Milroy et al., A multi-gram-scale stereoselective synthesis of Z-endoxifen, 
28 BIOORG. & MED. CHEM. LETTERS 1352–56 (2018). Ex. 1019 (“Milroy”). 
Although we note Petitioner’s reference to Milroy here for completeness, we 
also note that because Milroy post-dates September 11, 2017, Petitioner may 

--- Page 26 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
26 
Exs. 1022, 1019; Ex. 1030 ¶¶ 26, 21, 22). Fauq teaches the “synthesis and 
purification protocols that have resulted in production of pure endoxifen in 
excess of 200 mg quantities.” Ex. 1022, 3036. Specifically, Fauq teaches a 
four-step synthesis of a mixture of (Z)- and (E)-endoxifen and the use of 
semi-preparative reverse phase HPLC [“RP-HPLC”] columns to separate the 
isomers. Id.; see also id. at 3038 (providing the conditions for the RP-
HPLC). Fauq also teaches a protocol for isomerizing (E)-endoxifen to give 
a 1:1 mixture of Z/E isomers that was resubjected to HPLC separation. Id. 
at Abstract. Fauq explains that “[i]n this way, most of the undesired (E)-
isomer could be readily converted to the desired (Z)-isomer providing quick 
access to over 200 mg quantities of pure endoxifen (Z)-isomer.” Id. 
According to Petitioner and its expert Dr. Bihovsky, following the 
teachings of Liu and Fauq to purify the (E)/(Z) mixture of isomers of Ahmad 
would not have taken undue experimentation. Rather, purification using 
crystallization and chromatography were well-known techniques that were 
commonly employed and available since before the ’334 Patent. Ex. 1030 
¶ 32 (citing Ex. 1004 (Liu); Ex. 1022 (Fauq)). 
Patent Owner asserts that because crystallization is unpredictable and 
highly dependent on purification parameters, a significant amount of 
experimentation would be needed to determine the proper crystallization 
conditions required to obtain a specific level of isomeric purity. PO Sur-
reply 9 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 53). Patent Owner also notes that Dr. Bihovsky 
chose to follow Liu’s synthetic pathway and not Ahmad’s, and then 
 
not rely on Milroy to show that Ahmad is enabled as of 2017. See Bristol-
Myers, 246 F.3d at 1378 (declining to rely on post-critical date statements to 
establish enablement of the anticipatory prior art more than one year before 
the filing date of the patent). 

--- Page 27 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
27 
modified several steps of Liu’s purification procedure, proving that 
crystallization would require undue experimentation. Id. at 11. Thus, Patent 
Owner asserts that Dr. Bihovsky’s testimony should be disregarded because 
he did not follow the synthetic methods of Ahmad and the purification 
methods of Liu. Id. 
We are not persuaded. We note that Dr. Davies opines that 
“crystallization of diastereomers poses significant challenges for novel 
compounds” and that determining “the conditions for crystallizing a specific 
compound for the first time are highly unpredictable.” Ex. 2020 ¶ 69 
(emphasis added). As seen by Liu, however, 90% pure (Z)-endoxifen was 
not a novel compound and it had been previously purified by crystallization 
before September 11, 2017. Ex. 1004 ¶ 76. Moreover, although Ahmad and 
Liu teach different synthetic pathways, Patent Owner notes that Ahmad’s 
synthetic pathway teaches synthesizing a mixture of “roughly equal parts of 
(E) and (Z)-endoxifen.” PO Sur-reply 8. Similarly, Liu teaches a method of 
synthesizing a 50/50 mixture of (E)/(Z) endoxifen. See Ex. 1004 ¶¶ 72–75; 
Ex. 1030 ¶¶ 25, 17–20; see also Ex. 2020 (Dr. Davies) ¶ 87 (stating “Liu 
provides a process for synthesizing endoxifen and purifying an isomeric 
mixture of endoxifen to obtain compositions of isomerically purified (Z)-
endoxifen, albeit at impracticably low yields”). Thus, the starting mixture of 
(E)/(Z)-endoxifen for both Ahmad and Liu are roughly the same. See Ex. 
1030 ¶ 33 (“[A] POSA would expect Ahmad’s synthesis to produce an 
(E)/(Z) ratio similar to the 51:47 ratio obtained by Liu prior to 
purification.”). 
Dr. Davies’s main argument is that a POSA would not have expected 
the purification method of Liu to work with the synthetic endoxifen mixture 
of Ahmad given the differences in stability and impurity profiles that would 

--- Page 28 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
28 
result from using the synthetic pathway of Liu versus that of Ahmad. See 
Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 144–145. But Dr. Davies fails to explain why the purification 
methods taught by Liu would not work, even if the initial mixture of (E)/(Z)-
endoxifen had a different stability and impurity profile. See id. At best, 
Dr. Davies generically testifies that “crystallization can be greatly impacted 
by impurities present in a crude product and crystallization parameters for 
the same diastereomer may differ based on the synthetic process used.” Id. 
¶ 71 (emphasis added). We are not persuaded that the hypothetical impact 
of any impurities is sufficient to show that the specific crystallization 
methods taught by Liu would be insufficient to purify the mixture of Ahmad. 
Patent Owner also criticizes Dr. Bihovsky for altering the methods of 
Liu. PO Sur-reply 11. According to Patent Owner, Dr. Bihovsky performed 
the reaction on a significantly smaller scale and changed the reaction times, 
temperatures, and reagents. Id. (citing Ex. 2029 ¶¶ 10, 11, 14, 15, 17, 21, 
23). Moreover, Patent Owner asserts, these modifications prove that undue 
experimentation would have been required to combine Ahmad with Liu to 
achieve the claimed invention. Id. at 11–12. 
We are not persuaded. When asked whether anything Dr. Bihovsky 
did was beyond the level of ordinary skill, Dr. Davies testified that “a person 
of ordinary skill could do those types of experiments with those 
modifications.” Ex. 1033, 28:17–23. Dr. Davies simply testified that he was 
“not sure they’d be motivated to do so.” Id. “A skilled artisan possesses 
ordinary creativity and is not an automaton.” KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex, Inc., 
550 U.S. 398, 421 (2007). Thus, we are not persuaded that we should 
disregard Dr. Bihovsky’s testimony because he modified the methods of Liu 
in a way that was within the level of ordinary skill in the art. 

--- Page 29 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
29 
Regarding purification by chromatography, Patent Owner asserts that 
“Ahmad fails to provide any guidance as to the appropriate chromatography 
conditions for separation of the endoxifen stereoisomers.” PO Sur-reply 
9–10 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶ 53). According to Patent Owner, a POSA “would 
understand that RP-HPLC and other chromatography methods are limited in 
scale and generally not practical for the manufacture of active 
pharmaceutical ingredients.” Id. at 12 (citing Ex. 2027, 102:9–13). Patent 
Owner asserts that a POSA “would not look to Fauq to produce (Z)-
endoxifen for use in an oral formulation due to the insufficient quantities 
obtained.” Id. at 12–13. 
We are not persuaded. None of the ’334 Patent claims except claim 
14 requires a particular quantity of (Z)-endoxifen. See Ex. 1001, 98:13–
100:28. And claim 14 recites the “oral formulation of claim 1, wherein the 
endoxifen composition comprises from 0.01 mg to 200 mg (Z)-endoxifen 
per enteric capsule.” Id. at 99:4–6 (claim 14). Fauq teaches a method of 
obtaining “over 200 mg quantities of pure [Z-]endoxifen” using RP-HPLC. 
Ex. 1022, 3038. Thus, although Patent Owner makes much of Dr. 
Bihovsky’s testimony that 200 mg of Z-endoxifen would not be “a sufficient 
dose for even one patient,” claim 14 proves otherwise. Moreover, we note 
that Dr. Davies does not address Fauq in his third declaration, which Patent 
Owner submitted after Petitioner’s Reply. See generally Ex. 2029; see also 
Ex. 1033, 72:24–73:3. Dr. Bihovsky’s testimony and opinions regarding 
Fauq are, therefore, unrebutted by Patent Owner’s expert. See Ex. 1030 
¶¶ 21, 22, 26. 
In sum, we find that Patent Owner has not shown by a preponderance 
of the evidence that a POSA reading Ahmad would have been unable to 
make 90% pure (Z)-endoxifen. That is, we find Ahmad’s guidance that (Z)-

--- Page 30 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
30 
endoxifen can by purified by crystallization or HPLC coupled with Liu and 
Fauq’s detailed conditions for purifying (Z)-endoxifen provide sufficient 
guidance to a POSA to produce 90% (Z)-endoxifen in Ahmad without undue 
experimentation. See Ex. 1030 ¶¶ 23–26. 
Our enablement findings above are consistent with the Wands factors, 
analyzed below. 
a. 
The relative skill of those in the art 
As explained above, a POSA is a highly skilled Ph.D. in the 
pharmaceutical sciences or the equivalent. See supra. We, therefore, find 
this factor weighs in favor of enablement. In re Paulsen, 30 F.3d at 1480 
(finding prior art reference enabling where the level of skill in the art was 
“quite advanced” at the time the patent-in-suit was filed). 
b. 
The breadth of the claims 
The claims are limited to an oral formulation of 90% pure (Z)-
endoxifen free base. As such, we find the breadth of the claims is relatively 
narrow. We, therefore, find this factor weighs in favor of enablement. 
c. 
The amount of direction or guidance presented and the presence or 
absence of working examples 
Ahmad states that the E- and Z-isomers of endoxifen can be separated 
by crystallization or purification by liquid column chromatography or 
HPLC. Ex. 1003, 11:17–23. Ahmad does not, however, provide working 
examples of any purification method to achieve 90% pure Z-endoxifen free 
base. Although Ahmad provides some guidance, the lack of working 
examples on balance weighs against enablement. 
d. 
The predictability or unpredictability of the art, the nature of the 
invention, state of the prior art, and quantity of experimentation 
Although, generally speaking, organic chemistry may be considered 
unpredictable, references such as Liu and Fauq taught how to make at least 

--- Page 31 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
31 
90% pure (Z)-endoxifen using crystallization and HPLC, as suggested by 
Ahmad. Thus, we are persuaded that it would have been within the level of 
ordinary skill in the art to employ the methods of Liu and Fauq to purify the 
approximately 1:1 (E)/(Z) endoxifen mixture of Ahmad to produce 90% 
pure (Z)-endoxifen as of September 11, 2017. Accordingly, these factors 
weigh in favor of enablement. See Wands, 858 F.2d at 740 (finding no 
undue experimentation where “[t]here was a high level of skill in the art at 
the time when the application was filed, and all of the methods needed to 
practice the invention were well known”). 
2. 
Conclusion 
Having considered the parties’ respective arguments, we find on 
balance that Patent Owner has not satisfied its burden to prove that Ahmad is 
not enabling. That is, Patent Owner has not shown that a person of ordinary 
skill in the art would not have been able to make the claimed invention set 
forth in Ahmad without undue experimentation. Thus, because it is 
undisputed that Ahmad discloses each limitation of the claims, we find that 
Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1, 2, 4, 
15, and 20–22 are anticipated by Ahmad.15 
 
15 In light of our determination that claims 1, 2, 4, 15, and 20–22 are 
anticipated by Ahmad, we need not consider Ground 2 of Petitioner’s 
argument that the same claims are unpatentable as obvious over Ahmad. 
Pet. 36–41. That said, we note that “it is well settled that a disclosure that 
anticipates under § 102 also renders the claim invalid under § 103, for 
anticipation is the epitome of obviousness.” Realtime Data, LLC v. Iancu, 
912 F.3d 1368, 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (internal quotations omitted). 
 

--- Page 32 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
32 
D. 
Unpatentability over Ahmad and Cole 
Petitioner asserts that dependent claims 5–8, 16, and 17 are 
unpatentable as obvious over Ahmad in view of Cole. Pet. 41–46. Patent 
Owner opposes. PO Resp. 61–64. 
We incorporate here our findings and discussion of Ahmad. 
1. 
Cole (Ex. 1008) 
Cole is an article entitled, “Enteric coated HPMC capsules designed to 
achieve intestinal targeting,” which on its face indicates it was published in 
the International Journal of Pharmaceutics in 2002. Ex. 1008, 83. We, 
therefore, find Cole is prior art to the ’334 Patent, and Patent Owner does 
not assert otherwise during trial. See generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. 
Cole describes manufacturing experiments in which hydroxypropyl 
methylcellulose (HPMC) capsules containing paracetamol are coated with 
enteric polymers Eudragit L 30 D-55 and Eudragit FS 30 D, “which are 
designed to achieve enteric properties and colonic release, respectively.” 
Ex. 1008, 83. Accordng to Cole, “[e]nteric coated products are designed to 
remain intact in the stomach and then to release the active substance in the 
upper intestine.” Id. Cole explains that “site specific delivery into the upper 
intestine has been achieved for many years by the use of pH-sensitive 
coatings.” Id. at 84. Cole reports that capsules coated with Eudragit L 30 
D-55 disintegrated relatively rapidly within the small intestine and capsules 
coated with Eudragit FS 30 D disintegrated further down the GI tract, 
towards the distal small intestine and proximal colon. Id. at 93. 
2. 
Legal Standard 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103 if the 
differences between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the 
claimed invention, as a whole, would have been obvious before the effective 

--- Page 33 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
33 
filing date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the 
art to which the claimed invention pertains. KSR, 550 U.S. at 406. The 
question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying factual 
determinations, including: (1) the scope and content of the prior art; (2) any 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level 
of skill in the art; and (4) objective evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. 
John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). 
In analyzing the obviousness of a combination of prior art elements, it 
can be important to identify a reason that would have prompted one of skill 
in the art “to combine . . . known elements in the fashion claimed by the 
patent at issue.” KSR, 550 U.S. at 418. A precise teaching directed to the 
specific subject matter of a challenged claim is not necessary to establish 
obviousness. Id. Rather, “any need or problem known in the field of 
endeavor at the time of invention and addressed by the patent can provide a 
reason for combining the elements in the manner claimed.” Id. at 420. 
Accordingly, Petitioner must show that “a skilled artisan would have been 
motivated to combine the teachings of the prior art references to achieve the 
claimed invention, and that the skilled artisan would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so.” In re Magnum Oil Tools Int’l, Ltd., 829 
F.3d 1364, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (quotations and citations omitted). 
3. 
Analysis 
Dependent claims 5–8, 16, and 17 each depend from claim 1 or claim 
15 and recite additional limitations related to the enteric coating of the 
formulations of claims 1 and 15. Ex. 1001, claims 5–8, 16, 17. We found in 
our Institution Decision that Petitioner showed that Cole teaches the 
additional limitations of those claims (Dec. Inst. 26; Pet. 41–46) and Patent 
Owner does not dispute those teachings. See generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-

--- Page 34 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
34 
reply. We, therefore, find that Petitioner has demonstrated that the 
combination of Ahmad and Cole teaches each limitation of claims 5–8, 16, 
and 17, for the reasons stated in the Petition, which we adopt. Pet. 41–46; 
see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 85–97. That is, Cole teaches the requisite release 
profiles of claims 5–7, 16, and 17 and the hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose 
(HPMC) limitation of claim 8. See Ex. 1008, 84, 89, 91, Fig. 4 (showing 
50% release in pH 6.8 around 2.5–3 hours); Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 85–97. 
Petitioner argues that a POSA would have been motivated to use 
Cole’s enteric coating with a reasonable expectation of success to achieve 
the formulation of the claims “to ensure that the endoxifen was released in 
the small intestine, rather than in the stomach where it may be degraded by 
acid, as taught by Ahmad.” Pet. 42–45; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 89, 91, 94. Moreover, a 
POSA would have been motivated to use an HPMC capsule, as taught by 
Cole, “to achieve the benefits of HPMC capsules over gelatinous capsules 
. . . and as a matter of routine design choice.” Pet. 46 (citing Ex. 1008, 93, 
94); Ex. 1020 ¶ 97. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s arguments are driven by 
hindsight and fail to explain why a POSA would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success. PO Resp. 62–63. Specifically, Patent Owner and 
Dr. Davies argue that Cole studies paracetamol and does not mention 
endoxifen. Id. at 63; Ex. 2020 ¶ 164. Patent Owner further argues that a 
POSA would not have had a reasonable expectation of success given the 
various complications that would arise due to interactions between the 
enteric coating and pharmaceutical compositions, particularly given the 
instability of (Z)-endoxifen. PO Resp. 63–64; Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 164, 166, 167. 
We find Petitioner has the better position. Ahmad itself provides the 
reason to combine Ahmad’s formulation with Cole’s enteric coating, stating 

--- Page 35 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
35 
the well-known purpose of applying enteric coatings “to protect it from acids 
in the stomach” and to “prevent release of medication before it reaches the 
small intestine.” Ex. 1003, 18:19–24. It was known that endoxifen could be 
susceptible to degradation in the acidic conditions of the stomach, and a 
POSA would have been motivated to use an enteric capsule to avoid acidic 
degradation and improve bioavailability. Ex. 1031 ¶ 6 (citing Ex. 1019, 
1353). We credit Dr. McConville’s testimony that applying enteric coatings 
would have been routine (Ex. 1020 ¶ 71; Ex. 1031 ¶ 5), which is consistent 
with Ahmad’s disclosure that the enteric coating “can be done as methods 
known in the art.” Ex. 1003, 18:27–29. Similarly, the ’334 Patent states that 
“enteric tablets, enteric caplets, or enteric capsules of the present disclosure 
may be prepared by techniques known in the art.” Ex. 1001, 39:28–30. 
Moreover, the fact that Cole uses paracetamol as a model drug and not 
endoxifen is of no concern to our obviousness analysis. We credit the 
formulation expertise of Dr. McConville, who explains that “[i]n the case of 
an enteric coated capsule, it is the degradation of the enteric coating and the 
capsule that will control the release of the drug, not the nature of the drug 
itself.” Ex. 1031 ¶ 7 (citing Ex. 1008, 84). Thus, a POSA would have 
understood that the capsule in Cole would have the same benefits for use 
with other drugs, such as endoxifen. Id. 
Patent Owner and Dr. Davies identify certain complications that may 
plague enteric-coated endoxifen formulations and HPMC capsules, such as 
“potential interactions between enteric coatings and pharmaceutical 
compositions” and “variations in release profiles.” PO Resp. 63–64; 
Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 164, 166. But we are not persuaded by that argument, because 
we agree with Dr. McConville that Patent Owner and Dr. Davies fail to cite 
any credible evidence of such complications between enteric coatings and 

--- Page 36 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
36 
endoxifen, and the ’334 Patent itself says nothing about any such 
interactions. Ex. 1031 ¶¶ 8, 10. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented by the 
parties, we find that the combination of Ahmad and Cole teaches each 
limitation of claims 5–8, 16, and 17 and that a POSA would have had a 
reason to use the enteric coating and HPMC capsules of Cole with the (Z)-
endoxifen formulation of Ahmad to reach the claimed invention with a 
reasonable expectation of success. See Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 84–97; Ex. 1031 
¶¶ 5–16. 
We consider Petitioner’s remaining obviousness grounds before 
addressing Patent Owner’s evidence of objective indicia of nonobviousness, 
and—after considering all the Graham factors together—making our final 
determination of obviousness of the claims. See, e.g., WBIP, LLC v. Kohler 
Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1328 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (“[T]he strength of each of the 
Graham factors must be weighed in every case and must be weighted en 
route to the final determination of obviousness or non-obviousness.”). 
E. 
Unpatentability over Ahmad and Benameur 
Petitioner asserts that dependent claim 3 is unpatentable as obvious 
over Ahmad in view of Benameur. Pet. 46–48. Patent Owner opposes. 
PO Resp. 64–66. 
We incorporate here our findings and discussion of Ahmad. 
1. 
Benameur (Ex. 1010) 
Benameur is an article entitled, “Enteric Capsule Drug Delivery 
Technology – Achieving Protection Without Coating,” which on its face 
indicates it was published in the journal Drug Development & Delivery in 
June 2015. Ex. 1010, 34. We, therefore, find Benameur is prior art to the 

--- Page 37 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
37 
’334 Patent, and Patent Owner does not assert otherwise during trial. See 
generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. 
Benameur describes the use of enteric capsule drug delivery 
technology (ECDDT), which “was developed to provide oral delivery with 
full enteric protection and rapid release in the upper gastrointestinal (GI) 
tract without the use of coatings.” Ex. 1010, 34. According to Benameur, 
“[t]he major hurdle in oral delivery of many sensitive molecules, such as 
nucleotides, peptides, live biopharmaceutical products, and vaccines, is 
protecting the active entity from acidic and enzymatic degradation in the GI 
tract.” Id. at 35. ECDDT can be used for oral delivery of such sensitive 
molecules to provide full enteric protection and rapid release in the upper GI 
tract without coating and is a new, faster, and easier means for oral delivery 
of labile entities, such as peptides, nucleotides, live biopharmaceutical 
products, and vaccines. Id. at 35, 37. 
2. 
Analysis 
Claim 3 depends from claim 1 and further recites that the “enteric 
capsule is uncoated.” Ex. 1001, 98:34–35 (claim 3). We found in our 
Institution Decision that Petitioner showed Benameur teaches the additional 
limitation of claim 3 (Dec. Inst. 26–27; Pet. 47) and Patent Owner does not 
dispute that teaching. See generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. We, therefore, 
find that Petitioner has demonstrated that the combination of Ahmad and 
Benameur teaches the additional limitation of claim 3 for the reasons stated 
in the Petition, which we adopt. Pet. 47; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 98–100. That 
is, Benameur teaches the use of an enteric capsule that is uncoated, as 
required by claim 3. See Ex. 1010, 34–35. 
Petitioner asserts that “[i]t would have been a routine and obvious 
modification of Ahmad to instead use an uncoated enteric capsule, as had 

--- Page 38 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
38 
been developed in the art by e.g., Capsugel.” Pet. 46 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 98). 
Petitioner notes that such capsules were commercially available by October 
7, 2016. Id. at 47 n.8. Petitioner and Dr. McConville further argue that a 
POSA would have understood Benameur’s uncoated enteric capsule to be a 
beneficial alternative to the enteric coated capsules taught by Ahmad 
because uncoated enteric capsules would eliminate the coating process and 
be a routine design choice while obtaining the same results as the enteric 
coated capsules taught by Cole. Id. at 48; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 99–101. 
We are persuaded that Petitioner has shown that a POSA would have 
had a reason to combine Benameur’s intrinsic capsules with Ahmad’s 
formulation with a reasonable expectation of success. Pet. 48; Ex. 1020 
¶ 102. Patent Owner’s arguments do not persuade us otherwise. Patent 
Owner argues that Benameur relates to formulations of a different drug, 
esomeprazole, and that a POSA would not extrapolate the results from 
Benameur to an unrelated compound that is inherently unstable like (Z)-
endoxifen. PO Resp. 65–66; Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 172–173. As Petitioner notes, 
Benameur identifies esomeprazole as a “model compound.” Ex. 1010, 34. 
Given this disclosure, we credit the testimony of Dr. McConville, who 
explains that a POSA would understand Benameur’s teachings with a model 
drug would be applicable to (Z)-endoxifen, because it is the dissolution of 
the enteric capsule that controls the time-release characteristics of the 
formulation, not the nature of the active ingredient. Ex. 1031 ¶¶ 20–22. 
Dr. McConville also notes that Benameur teaches that its formulations can 
be used with a broad range of active ingredients, “such as peptides, 
nucleotides, live biopharmaceutical products, and vaccines.” Id. ¶ 22 (citing 
Ex. 1010, 37). Thus, we are persuaded that a POSA would have found 
Benameur’s ECDDT capsules to be an effective alternative to the enteric 

--- Page 39 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
39 
coated capsules taught in Ahmad and would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success in combining them. 
F. 
Unpatentability over Ahmad and Stegemann and/or the HPE 
Petitioner asserts that dependent claims 9–13 are unpatentable as 
obvious over Ahmad in view of Stegemann and/or the HPE. Pet. 49–54. 
Patent Owner opposes. PO Resp. 66–68. 
We incorporate here our findings and discussion of Ahmad. 
1. 
Stegemann (Ex. 1011) 
Stegemann is an article entitled, “Hard gelatin capsules today – and 
tomorrow,” which on its face indicates it was published in 2002 in Capsugel 
Library. Ex. 1011, 2. We, therefore, find Stegemann is prior art to the ’334 
Patent, and Patent Owner does not assert otherwise during trial. See 
generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. 
Stegemann provides an overview of hard gelatin capsules used as a 
dosage form, including their usage, manufacture, and compatibility with 
various drug substances. See generally Ex. 1011, 2. Stegemann explains 
that “[t]he capsule is one of the oldest dosage forms in pharmaceutical 
history, known to the ancient Egyptians,” with the first patent for a gelatin 
capsule granted in 1834. Id. at 3. According to Stegemann, there are many 
benefits to using gelatin capsules, including increased control of GI transit 
time, enhanced bioavailability, and the ability to develop oral dosage forms 
of drug actives with low melting points, low doses, and instability when 
exposed to oxygen, light, or humidity. Id. at 14, 18–19, 21. Stegemann 
notes that diluents, lubricants, and disintegrants are all excipients used in the 
manufacture of hard gelatin capsules and provides examples of the most 
common excipients used for drug formulations in hard gelatin capsules. Id. 
at 7–8. 

--- Page 40 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
40 
2. 
The HPE (Ex. 1012) 
The HPE is an excerpt from the Handbook of Pharmaceutical 
Excipients, and indicates on its face that the fifth edition was published in 
2006. Ex. 1012, 2.16 We, therefore, find the HPE is prior art to the ’334 
Patent, and Patent Owner does not assert otherwise during trial. See 
generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. 
The HPE “is an internationally acclaimed reference work recognized 
as one of the most authoritative and comprehensive sources of information 
on excipients used in pharmaceutical formulation.” Ex. 1012, 8. The HPE 
provides information on the uses, chemical and physical properties, 
licensing, and safety of excipients. Id. 
3. 
Analysis 
Dependent claims 9–13 depend, either directly or indirectly, from 
claim 1 and further recite additional components of the endoxifen 
composition, including a filler (claims 9, 10), disintegrant (claim 11), and a 
lubricant (claims 12, 13). Ex. 1001, 98:54–99:3. 
We found in our Institution Decision that Petitioner showed that 
Stegemann and/or HPE teaches the additional limitations of those claims 
(Dec. Inst. 27–28; Pet. 49–53) and Patent Owner does not dispute those 
teachings. See generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. We, therefore, find that 
Petitioner has demonstrated that the combination of Ahmad and Stegemann 
and/or HPE teaches each limitation of claims 9–13, for the reasons stated in 
the Petition, which we adopt. Pet. 49–53; see also Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 104–118. 
For example, regarding the filler limitation of claims 9 and 10, Stegemann 
 
16 We cite to the page number of the exhibit rather than the page number of 
the HPE. 

--- Page 41 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
41 
and the HPE teach the use of talcum, microcrystalline cellulose, and starch 
as fillers. Ex. 1011, 7–8; Ex. 1012, 3, 6. Regarding the disintegrant 
limitation of claim 11, Stegemann and the HPE both list disintegrants, 
including corn starch. Ex. 1011, 8; Ex. 1012, 3–4. And regarding the 
lubricant limitations of claims 12 and 13, Stegemann and the HPE teach the 
use of magnesium stearate and stearic acid as examples of lubricants in 
capsules. Ex. 1011, 8; Ex. 1012, 7. 
Petitioner asserts that the claims recite “various common excipients 
for use in capsules” that were “well-known as disclosed for example in 
Stegemann and the HPE” and therefore obvious to combine with Ahmad. 
Pet. 49–54 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 103–118). For each of the claims, Petitioner 
asserts that the use of the excipient was a routine and common practice in 
the formulation arts and that a POSA would have been motivated to use the 
excipient for its normal use. See Pet. 50–54; Ex. 1030 ¶¶ 106–118. 
Petitioner further asserts that a POSA would have had a reasonable 
expectation of success, as the use of the excipients was commonplace in the 
art. See Pet. 50–54; Ex. 1030 ¶¶ 106–118. 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner fails to explain why a POSA 
would have been motivated to combine the references with a reasonable 
expectation of success. PO Resp. 66–67. Patent Owner asserts that none of 
the references describes oral formulations comprising endoxifen, and that a 
POSA “would not simply choose listed excipients based on their ‘normal’ or 
‘predictable’ use when creating a highly pure and stable (Z)-endoxifen 
formulation because of the unpredictable interactions between endoxifen and 
the various listed excipients.” Id. at 67 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 178–179). 
Again, we find Petitioner has the better position, as we are not 
persuaded by Patent Owner and Dr. Davies’s unsupported assertions. That 

--- Page 42 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
42 
Stegemann and the HPE do not refer to endoxifen does not negate the fact 
that the claimed excipients are well-known compounds with well-known 
purposes, regardless of the active ingredient. Ex. 1031 ¶ 27. Tellingly, the 
’334 Patent does not disclose any challenges associated with incorporating 
the common excipients into an endoxifen formulation. Id. Indeed, the 
Specification states that choosing excipients is well within the skill of a 
person of ordinary skill in the art: 
One of skill in the art will further recognize that the 
compositions disclosed herein may comprise one or more 
excipients known in the art and disclosed herein in any 
combination appropriate for a desired formulation or 
preparation. . . . One of skill in the art will be able to select 
suitable excipients necessary for the preparation of the 
formulations and appropriate dosage forms compatible with the 
route of administration based on his or her skill and knowledge 
in the art and the disclosures made herein. 
Ex. 1001, 42:44–55. Given the high level of ordinary skill in the art, we 
credit the testimony of Dr. McConville, who notes that the HPE generally 
lists known incompatibilities and that a POSA would have been able to 
identify known issues and run tests to ensure that there were no negative 
interactions between the drug and the excipients. Ex. 1031 ¶¶ 29–30. 
Moreover, we are not persuaded by Patent Owner’s broad assertion that 
formulation sciences were unpredictable, as the AstraZeneca case that Patent 
Owner cites for support relates to the state of the art in 1997. PO Resp. 68 
(citing AstraZeneca Pharms. LP v. Anchen Pharms., Inc., 2012 WL 
1065458, at *22–*24 (D.N.J. Mar. 29, 2012)). We are persuaded by 
Dr. McConville’s testimony that at the relevant time period of 2017, 
“formulating enteric capsules with standard excipients was routine and 
highly predictable,” as most excipients had been used for decades and any 

--- Page 43 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
43 
potential issues were well known, as evidenced by the list in the HPE. 
Ex. 1031 ¶ 31. 
Having considered the arguments and evidence presented at trial, we 
are persuaded that a POSA would have had a reason to use the excipients 
identified in Stegemann and the HPE in the endoxifen formulation of Ahmad 
in light of their well-known uses with a reasonable expectation of success. 
See KSR, 550 U.S. at 417 (“[A] court must ask whether the improvement is 
more than the predictable use of prior art elements according to their 
established functions.”) 
G. 
Unpatentability over Ahmad, Ahmad 2010, and Ahmad 2012 
Petitioner asserts that dependent claims 14, 18, and 19 are 
unpatentable as obvious over Ahmad in view of Ahmad 2010 and Ahmad 
2012. Pet. 54–57. Patent Owner opposes. PO Resp. 69–74. 
We incorporate here our findings and discussion of Ahmad. 
1. 
Ahmad 2010 (Ex. 1006) 
Ahmad 2010 is an article entitled, “Endoxifen, a New Cornerstone of 
Breast Cancer Therapy: Demonstration of Safety, Tolerability, and Systemic 
Bioavailability in Healthy Human Subjects,” that on its face indicates it was 
published in the journal Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics in 
December 2010. Ex. 1006, 814. We, therefore, find Ahmad 2010 is prior 
art to the ’334 Patent, and Patent Owner does not assert otherwise during 
trial. See generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. 
According to Ahmad 2010, endoxifen is an active metabolite of 
tamoxifen, which is a drug used in the treatment of breast cancer and is 
extensively metabolized by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes into its active 
metabolites. Ex. 1006, 814. Certain genetic polymorphisms and drugs that 
interfere with cytochrome P450 2D6 (CYP2D6) inhibit metabolism of 

--- Page 44 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
44 
tamoxifen and render it less effective in treating breast cancer. Id. Ahmad 
2010’s authors sought to substitute endoxifen for tamoxifen and 
administered single escalating oral doses of endoxifen to humans to evaluate 
the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics (PK) of the drug. Id. at 814, 
816. Ahmad 2010 reports that “single oral doses of endoxifen are safe and 
well tolerated and have sufficient bioavailability to reach systemically 
effective levels in human subjects.” Id. at 814. As shown below in Table 1, 
Ahmad 2010 produced pharmacokinetic data from subjects treated with 0.5 
to 4.0 mg endoxifen: 
 
Table 1 shows that 4.0 mg endoxifen results in a Cmax value of 15.1 
ng/ml and an AUC (area under the curve) of 801 ng·h/ml. Ahmad 2010 
states that “multiple daily endoxifen doses of 2.0–4.0 mg will result in 
endoxifen exposures that would be similar to those found in patients with 
normal CYP2D6 function who are administered tamoxifen at 20 mg/day” 
and “a dose of 4 mg of endoxifen should be appropriate for breast cancer 
prevention and therapy.” Id. at 816. 
2. 
Ahmad 2012 (Ex. 1007) 
Ahmad 2012 is a printout from the Journal of Clinical Oncology’s 
web page of an abstract allegedly from the 2012 ASCO Annual Meeting 
entitled “Endoxifen for breast cancer: Multiple-dose, dose-escalation study 
characterizing pharmacokinetics and safety in metastatic breast cancer 

--- Page 45 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
45 
patients.” Ex. 1007, 1.17 Ahmad 2012 states on its face that it was 
“[p]ublished online May 20, 2012.” We, therefore, find Ahmad 2012 is 
prior art to the ’334 Patent, and Patent Owner does not assert otherwise 
during trial. See generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. 
Ahmad 2012 reports that preclinical studies show that single oral 
doses of endoxifen tested up to 4 mg are safe, well tolerated, and 
bioavailable in humans. Ex. 1007, 1. Ahmad 2012 discusses results of a 
multiple-dose escalating study conducted in three cohorts, each of which 
included six patients, for a total of 18 metastatic breast cancer patients. Id. 
In the study, “Endoxifen at 3 dose levels (2, 4, or 8 mg) was given once 
daily for 28 days” and was found to be safe up to 8 mg. Id. at 1–2. Ahmad 
2012 finds that “[m]ultiple daily endoxifen doses of 4.0-8.0 mg resulted in 
endoxifen exposures that would be sufficient for effective therapy.” Id. at 2. 
3. 
Analysis 
Dependent claim 14 depends from claim 1 and further recites the 
amount of 0.01 mg to 200 mg (Z)-endoxifen per enteric capsule. Ex. 1001, 
99:4–6. Petitioner asserts that Ahmad teaches oral doses of endoxifen at 1 to 
10 mg/day, and Ahmad 2010 and 2012 teach administering 4 to 8 mg doses 
of endoxifen. Pet. 54–55 (citing Ex. 1003, 29:20–31; Ex. 1006, 816; 
Ex. 1007, 1–2; Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 120–121). Petitioner notes that although Ahmad 
2010 and 2012 do not disclose whether the endoxifen is (E), (Z), or a mix of 
isoforms, a POSA would have understood that “the (Z) form is more active 
and thus preferred, and would understand to use highly pure (Z) form” and 
that “the formulations of Ahmad should include from 0.01 mg to 200 mg 
 
17 We cite to the page number of the exhibit rather than the page number of 
Ahmad 2012. 

--- Page 46 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
46 
(Z)-endoxifen per enteric capsule.” Id. at 55 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 120–121). 
Thus, Petitioner argues claim 14 would have been obvious over Ahmad in 
view of Ahmad 2010 and Ahmad 2012. 
Patent Owner argues that before the ’334 Patent, it was difficult to 
separate the two isomers to obtain highly pure (Z)-endoxifen and there was a 
need for methods to obtain highly pure (Z)-endoxifen “in an industrially 
scalable process that is sufficiently stable at ambient temperatures and 
humidities for extended periods of time for patients.” PO Resp. 70 (citing 
Ex. 1001, 82:36–41). Thus, according to Patent Owner, a POSA would not 
have been motivated to apply the dosing methodologies of Ahmad 2010 and 
Ahmad 2012 because a POSA would not have known whether such dosing 
information of an unknown mixture of (E)/(Z) endoxifen would be 
appropriate for highly pure (Z)-endoxifen. Id. 
We find Petitioner has the better position. Claim 14 recites a very 
broad range of 0.01 mg to 200 mg (Z)-endoxifen. And Ahmad, Ahmad 
2010, and Ahmad 2012 each recites endoxifen dosages well within that 
range, albeit in unknown (E)/(Z) endoxifen amounts. See Ex. 1003, 29:20–
31; Ex. 1006, 816; Ex. 1007, 1–2. Dr. McConville explains that despite the 
unknown mixture, a POSA reading Ahmad 2010 and 2012 would have 
expected the appropriate dosage of (Z)-endoxifen to fall within the range of 
0.01-200 mg given (Z)-endoxifen is more active. Ex. 1031 ¶ 33. Moreover, 
we credit the well-supported testimony of Dr. McConville that it would have 
been routine for a POSA to run experiments like those described in Ahmad 
2010 and Ahmad 2012 to determine the proper dosage of highly pure (Z)-
endoxifen. Id. ¶¶ 33–34 (citing Ex. 1006, 814; Ex. 1007, 1). 
Dependent claims 18 and 19 depend from claim 15 and further recite 
specific pharmacokinetic limitations per 4 mg of (Z)-endoxifen 

--- Page 47 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
47 
administered. See Ex. 1001, 100:4–11. Petitioner argues that those 
limitations “would have been the inherent results of dosing the formulations 
of Ahmad within the dosing ranges taught by Ahmad 2010 and Ahmad 
2012.” Pet. 55; Pet. Reply 22. Petitioner asserts that merely reciting the 
natural and inherent results of an otherwise obvious formulation cannot lead 
to patentability. Pet. Reply 23 (citing Endo Pharms. Sols., Inc. v. 
Custopharm Inc., 894 F.3d 1374, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2018)). 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s inherent obviousness argument. 
Petitioner and Dr. McConville appear to assume—without supporting 
evidence—that the recited pharmacokinetic properties of claims 18 and 19 
would necessarily be the natural result of administering the 90% (Z)-
endoxifen formulation of Ahmad. As Patent Owner notes, however, the 
synthetic pathways of Ahmad and the ’334 Patent are different, and the 
resulting products would have different impurity profiles, which would 
impact the pharmacokinetics of the formulation. PO Sur-reply 24 (citing 
Ex. 2029 ¶¶ 28–29). Dr. Bihovsky agrees that differing impurities could 
exist. Ex. 2027, 82:3–8. During his cross-examination, Dr. McConville 
could not answer whether differences in impurity profiles would impact 
pharmacokinetics. Ex. 2028, 105:22–107:9. Dr. Davies, on the other hand, 
testified that “a POSA would presume that different compounds, even 
stereoisomers, present distinct pharmacokinetic profiles.” Ex. 2020 ¶ 183. 
Thus, it is unclear whether the different chemical impurities of the 
formulation of Ahmad would impact its pharmacokinetic properties. In 
other words, Petitioner has not shown by a preponderance of the evidence 
that the pharmacokinetic properties recited in claims 18 and 19 are the 
natural result of administering the 90% (Z)-endoxifen formulation of 
Ahmad. Inherency “may not be established by probabilities or possibilities” 

--- Page 48 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
48 
and “[t]he mere fact that a certain thing may result from a given set of 
circumstances is not sufficient.” Endo Pharms., 894 F.3d at 1381. Although 
we agree that the claimed ranges are broad, we find Petitioner has failed to 
show that administering the 90% (Z)-endoxifen formulation of Ahmad 
would necessarily fall within those ranges. 
Alternatively, Petitioner contends that Ahmad 2010 shows that 
administering 4 mg endoxifen produces pharmacokinetic properties within 
the recited ranges of the claims. Pet. 55–56. As such, Petitioner and 
Dr. McConville note that because the pharmacokinetic data of patients 
taking endoxifen in Ahmad 2010 is similar to that of patients taking 
tamoxifen, Ahmad 2010 concludes that “a dose of 4 mg of endoxifen should 
be appropriate for breast cancer prevention and therapy.” See Ex. 1020 
¶¶ 124, 126; Ex. 1006, 816. Thus, because Ahmad 2010 teaches that the 
pharmacokinetic data it obtained is expected to be effective, we are 
persuaded that a POSA “would have been motivated to obtain similar 
pharmacokinetic data using the capsules disclosed in Ahmad” and a POSA 
“would have had a reasonable expectation of success in doing so through 
routine skill and optimization.” Pet. 56–57 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 124, 127); 
see also Pet. Reply 23–24 (citing Ex. 1031 ¶ 39). 
We note that Patent Owner does not address Petitioner’s alternative 
argument, focusing only on the inherent obviousness argument. See 
generally PO Resp.; PO Sur-reply. Absent opposition from Patent Owner, 
we are persuaded that Petitioner has shown that a POSA would have been 
motivated to use the formulation of Ahmad to obtain a pharmacokinetic 
profile within the ranges recited in claims 18 and 19, as suggested by Ahmad 
2010 with a reasonable expectation of success. 

--- Page 49 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
49 
We now consider Patent Owner’s evidence of objective indicia of 
nonobviousness before making our final determination of obviousness. 
H. 
Objective Indicia of Nonobviousness 
As an initial matter, we note that Patent Owner’s evidence of 
objective indicia of nonobviousness apply only to claims 3, 5–14, and 16–
19, as we have found that claims 1, 2, 4, 15, and 20–22 are anticipated by 
Ahmad. Cohesive Techs., Inc. v. Waters Corp., 543 F.3d 1351, 1364 
(“[O]bviousness requires analysis of secondary considerations of 
nonobviousness, while secondary considerations are not an element of a 
claim of anticipation.”). 
“Objective indicia of nonobviousness can serve as an important check 
against hindsight bias and ‘must always when present be considered.’” 
Merck & Cie v. Gnosis S.P.A., 808 F.3d 829, 837 (Fed. Cir. 2015). Patent 
Owner argues that unexpected results, teaching away, and long-felt need 
support the nonobviousness of the claims. We consider Patent Owner’s 
evidence for each asserted indicia below. 
1. 
Unexpected Results 
Patent Owner asserts that the claimed compositions “exhibit 
unexpected stability as compared to the endoxifen hydrochloride salt.” PO 
Resp. 75 (citing Ex. 2020 ¶¶ 189–190). Patent Owner contends that 
Example 11 of the ’334 Patent demonstrates surprising stability of the (Z)-
endoxifen free base for “at least 9 months under conditions of ambient and 
high temperature and humidity.” Id. (quoting Ex. 1001, 82:42–49); see also 
Ex. 1001, 85:18–27. 
Patent Owner also asserts that the ’334 Patent shows the superior 
bioavailability of the oral free base formulation over endoxifen citrate. 
PO Resp. 76 (citing Ex. 1001, 95:49–96:24; Ex. 2020 ¶ 190). Patent Owner 

--- Page 50 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
50 
explains that this superior bioavailability was unexpected because a POSA 
would have expected the citrate salt formulations to have increased aqueous 
solubility and efficacy. Id. (citing Ex. 2016, 5). 
“To be particularly probative, evidence of unexpected results must 
establish that there is a difference between the results obtained and those of 
the closest prior art, and that the difference would not have been expected by 
one of ordinary skill in the art at the time of the invention.” Bristol-Myers 
Squibb Co. v. Teva Pharms USA, Inc., 752 F.3d 967, 977 (Fed. Cir. 2014). 
Patent Owner compares the stability and bioavailability results to endoxifen 
citrate. Petitioner asserts that endoxifen citrate is not the closest prior art 
and that Patent Owner should have compared its results to (Z)-endoxifen 
free base formulations like Liu. Pet. Reply 25. Even if endoxifen citrate 
were the closest prior art, we agree with Petitioner that Patent Owner fails to 
show that a POSA would not have expected a difference between endoxifen 
free base and citrate salt formations at the time of the invention. See id. at 
24–25; Ex. 1031 ¶ 41. Patent Owner also fails to explain why any alleged 
increase in stability and bioavailability is not just a “predictable result but to 
an unexpected extent” that amounts to a difference in degree rather than a 
difference in kind. See UCB, Inc. v. Actavis Labs. UT, Inc., 65 F.4th 679, 
693 (Fed. Cir. 2023) (stating “[a] difference of degree is not as persuasive as 
a difference in kind—i.e., if the range produces a new property dissimilar to 
the known property, rather than producing a predictable result but to an 
unexpected extent.” (internal quotations omitted)). In other words, although 
Patent Owner may have shown that the stability and bioavailability profiles 
of (Z)-endoxifen free base differ from those of the citrate salt, Patent Owner 
has not shown that those differences were sufficiently unexpected to support 
a finding of nonobviousness. 

--- Page 51 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
51 
We, therefore, find that Patent Owner’s arguments and evidence of 
unexpected results carry little weight. 
2. 
Teaching Away 
Patent Owner argues that because other FDA-approved selective 
estrogen receptor modulators (“SERMs”) such as Tamoxifen, Raloxifene, 
and Toremifene, and Petitioner’s Zonalta, are all formulated as salts, the art 
“taught away from formulating a SERM, such as endoxifen, as a free-base—
as opposed to one of the SERM salt form that were standard in the industry. 
PO Resp. 75–76. 
We are not persuaded. “A reference may be said to teach away when 
a person of ordinary skill, upon reading the reference would be discouraged 
from following the path set out in the reference, or would be led in a 
direction divergent from the path that was taken by the applicant.” 
Galderma Lab’ys, L.P. v. Tolmar, Inc., 737 F.3d 731, 738 (Fed. Cir. 2013) 
(quoting DePuy Spine, Inc. v. Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., 567 F.3d 
1314, 1327 (Fed. Cir. 2009)). Moreover, “[a] reference does not teach away 
. . . if it merely expresses a general preference for an alternative invention 
but does not criticize, discredit, or otherwise discourage investigation into 
the invention claimed.” Id. 
Patent Owner has not identified any evidence of discouragement or 
leading in a direction divergent from producing endoxifen free base. At 
best, Patent Owner’s evidence of other SERMs shows that the salt form may 
have been standard, but that evidence does not teach away from 
investigating other compositions, like the free base form. See id. at 739 
(rejecting argument that the prior art taught away from the claimed 0.3% 
adapalene compositions simply because the prior art showed 0.1% adapalene 
was the standard concentration of adapalene). 

--- Page 52 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
52 
We, therefore, find Patent Owner’s arguments and evidence of 
teaching away carry no weight. 
3. 
Long-Felt but Unsolved Need 
Patent Owner also argues that the ’334 Patent discusses the “unmet 
medical need for new compositions and methods for the prevention and 
treatment of hormone-dependent breast and reproductive tract disorders, 
including cancer.” PO Resp. 77 (citing Ex. 1001, 2:50–54). Thus, Patent 
Owner asserts that its claimed compositions satisfy the need for new 
pharmaceutical compositions with superior bioavailability. Id.; Ex. 2020 
¶ 188. 
Petitioner argues that there is no evidence of a long-felt need for a free 
base form of (Z)-endoxifen. Pet. Reply 25; Ex. 1031 ¶ 42. Petitioner asserts 
that Patent Owner has failed to show that existing endoxifen products were 
insufficient to meet any need or that the commercially available salts taught 
away from a free base. Pet. Reply 25. 
We find Petitioner has the better position. Patent Owner relies on the 
self-serving statements of the ’334 Patent that there was a “need” for (Z)-
endoxifen free base formulations. See PO Resp. 77 (citing Ex. 1001, 2:50–
54). Patent Owner offers no objective evidence that there was a long-felt 
need specifically for endoxifen free base formulations. And Patent Owner 
offers little explanation for why—other than the generic search for new 
treatments—a long-felt need existed for (Z)-endoxifen free base 
formulations. 
We, therefore, find Patent Owner’s arguments and evidence of long-
felt but unresolved need carry little weight. 

--- Page 53 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
53 
I. 
Conclusion as to Obviousness 
Having considered Patent Owner’s arguments and evidence of 
secondary considerations as a whole against Petitioner’s arguments and 
evidence of obviousness, we determine that Patent Owner’s relatively weak 
evidence of unexpected results, teaching away, and long-felt need does not 
outweigh the strong evidence of obviousness set forth above. Asyst Techs., 
Inc. v. Emtrak, Inc., 544 F.3d 1310, 1316 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (“[A]s we have 
often held, evidence of secondary considerations does not always overcome 
a strong prima facie showing of obviousness.”); see also Leapfrog Enters., 
Inc. v. Fisher-Price, Inc., 485 F.3d 1157, 1162 (holding substantial evidence 
of commercial success, praise, and long-felt did not outweigh the strength of 
the prima facie obviousness showing). 
Thus, we find Petitioner has shown by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 3, 5–14, and 16–19 are unpatentable as obvious over 
the cited prior art. 

--- Page 54 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
54 
IV. 
CONCLUSION18 
For the foregoing reasons, we determine that Petitioner has 
established by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–22 of the ’334 
Patent are unpatentable. 
In summary: 
 
18 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
19 We need not reach this ground because all asserted claims in this ground 
have been found unpatentable under anticipation. 
Claim(s) 
35 
U.S.C. § 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claim(s) 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claim(s) 
Not shown 
Unpatentable 
1, 2, 4, 
15, 20–
22 
102 
Ahmad 
1, 2, 4, 15, 
20–22 
 
1, 2, 4, 
15, 20–
22 
103 
Ahmad19 
 
 
5–8, 16, 
17 
103 
Ahmad, Cole 
5–8, 16, 17 
 
3 
103 
Ahmad, Benameur 3 
 
9–13 
103 
Ahmad, 
Stegemann, the 
HPE 
9–13 
 
14, 18, 
19 
103 
Ahmad, Ahmad 
2010, Ahmad 2012 
14, 18, 19 
 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
1–22 
 

--- Page 55 ---
PGR2023-00043 
Patent 11,572,334 B2 
55 
 
V. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–22 of U.S. Patent No. 11,572,334 B2 are 
held unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
the parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirement of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 
 
 
PETITIONER: 
 
Alejandro Menchaca 
Ben Mahon 
MCANDREWS, HELD & MALLOY, LTD. 
amenchaca@mcandrews-ip.com 
bmahon@mcandrews-ip.com 
 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
 
Lisa A. Haile 
Melissa Harwood 
Michael Sitzman 
Susan Krumplitsch 
DLA PIPER LLP (US) 
lisa.haile@dlapiper.com 
melissa.harwood@us.dlapiper.com 
michael.sitzman@us.dlapiper.com 
susan.krumplitsch@us.dlapiper.com