--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 54 
571-272-7822 
Date: November 4, 2022 
 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
ALCON INC., ALCON VISION, LLC, ALCON LABORATORIES, INC., 
and ALCON RESEARCH, LLC., 
Petitioner, 
v. 
AMO DEVELOPMENT, LLC, 
Patent Owner. 
 
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
 
 
Before SHERIDAN K. SNEDDEN, JON B. TORNQUIST, and 
RYAN H. FLAX, Administrative Patent Judges. 
 
TORNQUIST, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining All Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 318(a) 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
A. 
Background and Summary 
Alcon Inc., Alcon LenSx, Inc., Alcon Vision, LLC, Alcon 
Laboratories, Inc., and Alcon Research, LLC (collectively “Petitioner”) filed 
a Petition (Paper 1, “Pet.”) requesting an inter partes review of claims 1–17 
of U.S. Patent No. 9,233,023 B2 (Ex. 1004, “the ’023 patent”). AMO 
Development, LLC (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response to the 
Petition. We authorized Petitioner to file a reply addressing the prior art 
status of a relied-upon reference (Paper 11, “Preliminary Reply”), to which 
Patent Owner filed a sur-reply (Paper 13). Upon review of the parties’ 
arguments and supporting evidence, we instituted review. Paper 15 
(“Decision” or “Dec.”). 
 
Patent Owner subsequently filed a Response (Paper 31, “PO Resp.”), 
to which Petitioner filed a Reply (Paper 39, “Pet. Reply”), and Patent Owner 
filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 49, “Sur-Reply”). 
Petitioner relies, inter alia, upon the declaration and reply declaration 
of Holger Lubatschowski, Ph.D. (Exs. 1001, 1069) and the declaration of 
Richard Tipperman, M.D. (Ex. 1070). Patent Owner submits declarations 
from Jin U. Kang, Ph.D. (Exs. 2002, 2062) and Kathryn M. Hatch, M.D. 
(Ex. 2004, 2063). 
 
An oral hearing was held on August 30, 2022, and a transcript of the 
hearing is included in the record (Paper 53, “Tr.”). 
 
For the reasons that follow, we conclude that Petitioner has proven by 
a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–17 of the ’023 patent are 
unpatentable. 

--- Page 3 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
3 
B. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies Alcon Inc., Alcon Vision, LLC, Alcon 
Laboratories, Inc., and Alcon Research, LLC as the real parties-in-interest, 
noting that after the Petition was filed “Alcon LenSx, Inc. merged into 
Alcon Research, LLC, with Alcon Research LLC the surviving entity.” 
Paper 3, 1; Pet. 2. Patent Owner identifies itself and Johnson & Johnson 
Surgical Vision, Inc., AMO Manufacturing USA, LLC, and AMO Sales and 
Services, Inc., as the real parties-in-interest. Paper 5, 1. 
C. 
Related Matters 
The ’023 patent is asserted in AMO Development, LLC et al. v. Alcon 
LenSx, Inc. et al., No. 1:20-cv-00842-CFC (D. Del). Pet. 2; Paper 5, 1. 
Inter partes review petitions were also filed by Petitioner against related 
patents in IPR2021-00845, -00846, and -00849. Paper 3, 1; Pet. 2–3. 
D. 
Background of Cataract Surgery 
Each independent claim of the ’023 patent is directed to a “cataract 
surgery scanning system for treating target tissue in one or more of a cornea, 
limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye.” Ex. 1004, 14:5–7, 14:55–57, 15:38–40. 
Cataract surgery typically involves removal of the natural lens and replacing 
it with an intraocular lens (IOL). Ex. 1001 ¶ 23; Ex. 2063 ¶ 26. Petitioner’s 
declarant, Dr. Lubatschowski, provides the following figures depicting these 
implantation steps (Ex. 1001 ¶ 23): 
 

--- Page 4 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
4 
The figures above show the steps used in the process of implanting an IOL 
in a patient. Id. First, to access the lens and allow for insertion of medical 
instruments, an incision must be made in the cornea or nearby tissues. Id. 
¶¶ 23, 59. Second, an optional step (not depicted above) to correct for 
astigmatism is performed. Id. ¶¶ 23–24. Third, in a process called 
capsulorhexis or anterior capsulotomy, an opening is made in the anterior 
lens capsule. Id. ¶ 23. Fourth, the eye’s lens is broken apart and removed, 
usually by ultrasonic phacoemulsification. Id. Finally, an IOL is implanted 
in the lens capsule. Id.; Ex. 2063 ¶ 26. 
E. 
The ’023 Patent 
The ’023 patent is directed to a scanning system that implements 
patterned laser cutting to provide rapid and precise openings in the cornea 
and/or limbus of the eye. Ex. 1004, 1:62–64. The scanning system of the 
’023 patent includes a light source for generating a light beam, a scanner for 
deflecting the light beam to form first and second treatment patterns of the 
light beam under control of a controller, and a delivery system for delivering 
the treatment patterns to the target tissue of the eye. Id. at 1:66–2:6. The 
first treatment pattern forms a cataract incision that provides access to an eye 
chamber and the second treatment pattern forms a “relaxation incision along 
or near limbus tissue or along corneal tissue anterior to the limbus tissue of 
the patient’s eye to reduce astigmatism thereof.” Id. at 2:3–10. 
The ’023 patent explains that the “cataract incision” provided by the 
first treatment pattern “allow[s] access for the lens removal instrumentation” 
used during cataract surgery. Id. at 10:17–19. The ’023 patent further 
explains that when in an unsterile environment, a complete cut may not be 
desirable because it may expose the eye to the environment and the risk of 
endophthalmitis. Id. at 10:27–30. Thus, the disclosed system allows for a 

--- Page 5 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
5 
cataract incision that only partially penetrates the cornea, limbus, or sclera. 
Id. at 10:30–31. 
The ’023 notes that standard cataract incisions are known to induce 
from 0-1.0 D of astigmatism, on average. Id. at 10:64–67. To compensate 
for this effect, the second treatment pattern used in the system of the ’023 
patent may be in the form of a relaxation incision. Id. at 11:1–7. According 
to the ’023 patent, although such corneal relaxation incisions (CRI) were 
known in the art, the present invention allows these incisions to “be planned 
and executed in conjunction with the cataract incision to achieve a better 
visual correction than otherwise possible.” Id. at 11:10–19. 
Figure 6 of the ’023 patent is reproduced below: 
 
Figure 6 is a schematic diagram of the optical beam scanning system with a 
profilometer subsystem. Id. at 2:38–39. In the system depicted in Figure 6, 
ultrafast light source 4 (e.g., a femtosecond laser) is scanned in patient’s 

--- Page 6 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
6 
eye 68 in three dimensions. Id. at 3:42–47. Laser 4 is controlled by control 
electronics 300, via an input and output device 302, to create optical beam 6. 
Id. at 3:65–66. “[G]raphical user interface GUI 304 may be used to set 
system operating parameters, process user input (UI) 306 on the GUI 304, 
and display gathered information such as images of ocular structures.” Id. at 
4:2–6. 
 
UF light beam 6 proceeds towards the patient’s eye 68, passing 
through various plates, mirrors, detectors, and control devices. Id. at 4:7–27. 
Beam combiner 34 transmits aim beam 202, OCT beam 114, and UF light 
beam 6. Id. at 28–55. UF light beam 6 proceeds through Z scan device 40 
and then to x-y scan device 50. Scanner 50 can automatically generate 
“aiming and treatment scan patterns . . . under the control of controller 300.” 
Id. at 5:32–34. 
 
“An optional contact lens 66, which can be any suitable ophthalmic 
lens, can be used to help further focus the optical beam 6 into the patient’s 
eye 68 while helping to stabilize eye position.” Id. at 5:50–57. 
Profilometer 415 is distal to X-Y scanner 50 “to allow for a continuous 
unobstructed view of the cornea of patient’s eye 68.” Id. at 11:29–32. 
Profilometer 415 “may be a placido system, triangulation system, laser 
displacement sensor, interferometer, or other such device, which measures 
the corneal topography,” and “may be used to prescribe an astigmatic 
keratotomy to correct the shape of a patient’s cornea to diminish its 
astigmatism.” Id. at 11:53–57. 
 
Although contact lens 66 is shown in Figure 6, the ’023 patent 
explains that contact lens 66 or its disposition relative to cornea 406 of 
eye 68 may have to be modified, compensated for, or removed to suit the 
profilometer’s mode of operation. Id. at 11:35–46. “This is because 

--- Page 7 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
7 
profilometer 415 requires the cornea to be in its natural state, not forced into 
contact with a surface and possibly conforming to its shape, to accurately 
measure cornea 406 and provide data to system 2 for calculation . . . .” Id. at 
11:38–42. 
F. 
Illustrative Claims 
Petitioner challenges claims 1–17 of the ’023 patent. Pet. 4. Of the 
challenged claims, claims 1, 8, and 12 are independent. Claim 1 is 
illustrative of the challenged claims and is reproduced below: 
1. A cataract surgery scanning system for treating target tissue 
in one or more of a cornea, limbus or sclera of a patient's eye, 
comprising: 
a treatment light source for generating a treatment light 
beam; 
a scanner for deflecting the light beam to form first and 
second treatment patterns of the treatment light beam 
under the control of a controller; and 
a delivery system comprising the controller operatively 
coupled to the treatment light source and the scanner, and 
programmed to: (i) deliver the first treatment pattern to a 
first target tissue selected from the group consisting of the 
cornea, limbus and sclera of the patient's eye to form a 
cataract incision therein that provides access to an eye 
chamber of the patient's eye, the incision to be formed by 
delivering the first treatment pattern only partially 
extending through the target tissue, and (ii) deliver the 
second treatment pattern to a second target tissue to form 
a relaxation incision along or near limbus tissue, or along 
corneal tissue-of the patient's eye. 
Ex. 1004, 14:5–24. 
G. 
Prior Art and Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner contends claims 1–17 are unpatentable on the following 
grounds (Pet. 6): 

--- Page 8 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
8 
Claims Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §1 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1–8, 10, 11, 17 
103 
Blumenkranz2, Kurtz3, Weikert4 
4, 9, 12–16 
103 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, 
Weikert, Benedikt5 
1–3, 6, 17 
103 
Kurtz, Swinger 6, Weikert 
4, 5, 7–16 
103 
Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, 
Benedikt 
 
II. 
ANALYSIS 
A. 
Legal Standards 
A patent claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the 
differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that 
the subject matter as a whole would have been obvious at the time the 
invention was made to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said 
subject matter pertains. See KSR Int’l Co. v. Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 
(2007). The question of obviousness is resolved on the basis of underlying 
factual determinations, including (1) the scope and content of the prior art; 
(2) any differences between the claimed subject matter and the prior art; 
 
1 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 
Stat. 284, 287–88 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. §§ 102 and 103, effective 
March 16, 2013. Because the latest possible effective filing date of the 
challenged claims of the ’023 patent is before this date (March 13, 2008), the 
pre-AIA version of these statutes apply. See 35 U.S.C. § 100(i)(2); 
Ex. 1004, code (22). 
2 US Patent Publication No. 2006/0195076 A1, published August 31, 2006. 
Ex. 1017 (“Blumenkranz”). 
3 US Patent Publication No. 2008/0058777 A1. Ex. 1018 (“Kurtz”). 
4 Mitchell P. Weikert and Douglas D. Koch, Refractive Keratotomy: Does It 
Have a Future Role in Refractive Surgery?, Cataract and Refractive Surgery 
(2005). Ex. 1019 (“Weikert”); see Ex. 1001 ¶ 73. 
5 US Patent Publication No. US 2004/0066489 A1, published April 8, 2004. 
Ex. 1020 (“Benedikt”). 
6 US 6,325,792 B1, issued December 4, 2001. Ex. 1021 (“Swinger”). 

--- Page 9 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
9 
(3) the level of ordinary skill in the art; and (4) if in the record, objective 
evidence of nonobviousness. Graham v. John Deere Co., 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 
(1966). 
B. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
In determining the level of skill in the art, we consider the type of 
problems encountered in the art, the prior art solutions to those problems, the 
rapidity with which innovations are made, the sophistication of the 
technology, and the educational level of active workers in the field. Custom 
Accessories, Inc. v. Jeffrey-Allan Indus., Inc., 807 F.2d 955, 962 (Fed. Cir. 
1986). 
Petitioner contends one of ordinary skill in the art “would have had a 
Ph.D. in Physics, Biomedical Engineering, or a related science, such as 
Optical Engineering, or at least five years of experience in research, 
manufacturing, or designing medical optics or medical lasers.” Pet. 28. 
According to Petitioner, “[i]n either case, a [person of ordinary skill in the 
art] would have also had a moderate understanding of ophthalmology, and 
refractive and cataract surgery.” Id. 
Patent Owner contends the field of invention is “ophthalmic surgical 
procedures and systems” and that the team of inventors that developed the 
’023 patent included an ophthalmic surgeon. PO Resp. 8 (citing Ex. 1004, 
1:12–14, 1:55–58; Ex. 2055). Thus, Patent Owner contends the correct level 
of skill in the art includes meaningful experience with ophthalmic surgery, 
such as an ophthalmic surgeon with experience with medical optics or lasers, 
or an engineer with a Bachelors degree in a laser-related engineering or 
optics field who worked with an ophthalmic surgeon. Id. at 8–9 (citing Ex. 
2062 ¶¶ 80, 83). Patent Owner contends this definition of an ordinarily 

--- Page 10 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
10 
skilled artisan stands in contrast to the experience of Dr. Lubatschowski, 
who lacks experience in ophthalmic surgery. Id. at 9. 
In its Reply, Petitioner argues that Patent Owner’s definition of the 
ordinarily skilled artisan includes an engineer who “worked with a 
clinician,” and Dr. Lubatschowski has over 20 years of experience in laser 
applications for ophthalmology working with ophthalmic surgeons. 
Pet. Reply 4 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶ 80; Ex. 1002; Ex. 2041, 17:10–12) (emphasis 
omitted). Petitioner further notes that Patent Owner’s own declarant, 
Dr. Kang, “is not a clinician and did not speak with any before rendering his 
opinions.” Id. at 4–5 (citing Ex. 1073, 15:17–25, 17:7–21, 18:4–8). 
Both parties present compelling evidence that those of skill in the art 
would include individuals with experience in ophthalmology, as well as in 
the research, manufacture, and design of medical optics or medical lasers. 
Pet. 28; PO Resp. 8. The evidence of record also demonstrates that few 
individuals actually had such experience. Rather, teams of individuals with 
different expertise and various academic degrees would work together to 
design laser surgery systems intended to make incisions in the lens of the 
eye. 
Accordingly, we find that the person of ordinary skill in the art would 
have been an ophthalmic surgeon or someone with a Ph.D., M.S., or B.S. 
degree in physics, biomedical engineering, or a related science such as 
optical engineering, with experience in researching, manufacturing, or 
designing medical optics or medical lasers (e.g., Ph.D. or five or more years 
to compensate for lesser degrees). These individuals would have worked in 
collaboration with one another to fill any necessary gaps in knowledge (e.g., 
the engineer would consult the medical doctor on clinical issues or 

--- Page 11 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
11 
physiology and the medical doctor would consult the engineer on technical 
issues). This definition marries the two proposed by the parties. 
We note that although the level of ordinary skill in the art could 
include individuals with varying backgrounds and experience levels, where a 
declarant has knowledge of ophthalmic surgery but not medical optics, or of 
medical optics and engineering but not ophthalmic surgery, we will take this 
relative lack of direct experience or knowledge into account when weighing 
each declarant’s testimony. 
C. 
Claim Construction 
In this proceeding, the claims of the ’023 patent are construed “using 
the same claim construction standard that would be used to construe the 
claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. [§] 282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.100(b). 
Under that standard, the words of a claim are generally given their “ordinary 
and customary meaning,” which is the meaning the term would have had to 
a person of ordinary skill at the time of the invention in the context of the 
entire patent including the specification. Phillips v. AWH Corp., 415 F.3d 
1303, 1312–13 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en banc). 
Petitioner provides constructions for the terms “[a] cataract surgery 
scanning system,” “cataract incision therein that provides access to an eye 
chamber of the patient’s eye, the incision . . . only partially extending 
through the target tissue,” and “combine the first and second treatment 
patterns into a single treatment pattern.” Pet. 6–12. 
Patent Owner provides constructions for the terms “[a] cataract 
surgery scanning system” and “cataract incision . . . only partially extending 
through the target tissue.” PO Resp. 10–13. 
We address the constructions disputed by the parties below. See 
Nidec Motor Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 

--- Page 12 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
12 
1017 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (quoting Vivid Techs., Inc. v. Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 
200 F.3d 795, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (“[O]nly those terms need be construed 
that are in controversy, and only to the extent necessary to resolve the 
controversy.”)). 
1. 
“A cataract surgery scanning system” 
a) 
Whether the Preamble is Limiting 
The preamble of independent claims 1, 8, and 12 recites “[a] cataract 
surgery scanning system for treating target tissue in one or more of a cornea, 
limbus or sclera of a patient’s eye.” Ex. 1004, 14:5–7, 14:55–57, 15:38–40. 
Petitioner contends this preamble phrase is a non-limiting statement of 
intended use. Pet. 6 (citing Arctic Cat Inc. v. GEP Power Prod., Inc., 919 
F.3d 1320, 1328 (Fed. Cir. 2019)). Petitioner acknowledges that the 
Examiner amended the preamble from “scanning systems” to “a cataract 
surgery scanning system” during prosecution, but contends this still 
represents an intended use that “fails to impart any structure that would 
patentably distinguish the system from multifunctional, ophthalmic-surgery 
systems in the prior art.” Id. at 6–7. 
Patent Owner notes that an interview summary generated during 
prosecution states that the “Examiner suggested limiting the claimed 
apparatus (scanner) to a cataract surgery apparatus in order to exclude the 
other scanning systems.” PO Resp. 10–11 (citing Ex. 1006, 18). Patent 
Owner contends this reliance on the preamble phrase in allowing the claims 
demonstrates that the preamble is limiting. Id. 
In its Reply, Petitioner asserts that “a closer look indicates the 
Examiner did not rely” on the insertion of the phrase “cataract surgery 
scanning system” in the preamble when allowing the claims. Pet. Reply 5. 
Petitioner reasons that, although “the Examiner suggests the amendment was 

--- Page 13 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
13 
‘to exclude the other scanning systems,’ . . . the Notice of Allowance instead 
focuses on the fact that the prior art did not teach partially penetrating 
cataract incisions.” Id. (emphasis omitted) (citing Ex. 1006, 13, 15–16). 
Thus, according to Petitioner, the “basis for allowance was the Examiner’s 
(incorrect) conclusion that a partially penetrating cataract incision was 
patentable, not that the prior art failed to teach a ‘cataract surgery scanning 
system.’” Id. 
“[C]lear reliance on the preamble during prosecution to distinguish 
the claimed invention from the prior art transforms the preamble into a claim 
limitation because such reliance indicates use of the preamble to define, in 
part, the claimed invention.” Catalina Mkt’g Int’l, Inc. v. Coolsavings.com, 
Inc., 289 F.3d 801, 808–09 (Fed. Cir. 2002). Here, and as discussed in 
further detail below, the Examiner expressly allowed the claims, in part, due 
to an Examiner’s Amendment changing “scanning system” to “cataract 
surgery scanning system.” Ex. 1006, 13, 15, 18. This reliance on the 
preamble to help define the claimed invention transforms this portion of the 
preamble into a limitation. See Catalina Mkt’g, 289 F.3d. at 808. 
b) 
Claim Construction Analysis 
The determination that the preamble is limiting leads to the question 
of what a “cataract surgery scanning system” entails. Petitioner argues that 
the term “cataract surgery scanning system,” if limiting, only requires “a 
system that can form a ‘cataract incision’ and ‘relaxation incision.’” 
Pet. Reply 6. 
Patent Owner contends this term requires that the system is designed 
to, or capable of, performing surgery on the lens. PO Resp. 42 (“[A] 
cataract surgery scanning system must be able to perform surgery on the 
lens.”). 

--- Page 14 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
14 
To construe a claim we must look at the claim language, the written 
description, and if in evidence the prosecution history. Vitronics Corp. v. 
Conceptronic, Inc., 90 F.3d 1576, 1582 (Fed. Cir. 1996). This intrinsic 
evidence is “the most significant source of the legally operative meaning of 
disputed claim language,” and “[i]n most situations, an analysis of the 
intrinsic evidence alone will resolve any ambiguity in a disputed claim 
term.” Id. at 1582–83. 
(1) 
Claims 
The preambles of independent claims 1, 8, and 12 require: “A cataract 
surgery scanning system for treating target tissue in one or more of a cornea, 
limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye.” Ex. 1004, 14:5–7, 14:55–57, 15:38–40. 
As both parties agree, the term “cataract surgery” suggests that the system is 
intended for use in cataract surgery. Sur-Reply 22; Pet. Reply 6. 
Cataract surgery involves incisions in the cornea, limbus, or sclera of 
a patient’s eye, as well as incisions in the lens capsule and lens. Pet. 20–21; 
Ex. 2063 ¶ 26. Although the term “cataract surgery” could imply any of 
these incisions, claims 1, 8, and 12, make clear that the intended purpose of 
the claimed cataract surgery scanning system is to treat “one or more of a 
cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye,” and in no claim is the lens 
recited or is surgery on the lens required. 
Accordingly, the language of claims 1, 8, and 12, suggests that the 
claimed “cataract surgery” system is designed to treat, or capable of treating, 
tissue in the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye for purposes of 
cataract surgery. The language of these claims does not require that the 
system be capable of making incisions in the lens capsule or lens (where a 
cataract would reside). 

--- Page 15 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
15 
(2) 
Written Description 
The term “cataract surgery scanning system” is not used in the written 
description of the ’023 patent. A review of the written description, however, 
provides insight on how the patentees understood their invention. For 
example, in the Background of the Invention section the written description 
focuses on the need for “ophthalmic methods, techniques, and apparatus to 
advance the standard of care of corneal shaping that may be associated with 
invasive cataract and other ophthalmic pathologies.” Ex. 1004, 1:55–58 
(emphasis added). The Summary of the Invention section then focuses on 
the use of patterned laser cutting in the cornea and limbus to form cataract 
and relaxation incisions. Id. at 1:62–2:22. In neither of these sections is 
laser surgery on the lens discussed or required. This suggests that, 
consistent with the language of the claims, the disclosed apparatus is 
directed to making incisions in the cornea, limbus, or sclera, and not 
necessarily the lens or lens capsule. 
In at least one embodiment of the ’023 patent, it is noted that OCT 
data may be loaded into control electronics “and used to program and 
control the subsequent laser-assisted surgical procedure” on the lens and lens 
capsule. Id. at 6:5–19. This evidences that a cataract surgery scanning 
system might be used to form incisions in the cornea as well as the lens. We 
are directed to no disclosure in the written description, however, indicating 
that the disclosed device must be, or always is, capable of performing 
surgery on the lens or lens capsule. 
Accordingly, we find that the written description supports a 
conclusion that the claimed “cataract surgery” system is intended for use on 
the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye and may be, but is not 
required to be, capable of performing surgery on the lens or lens capsule. 

--- Page 16 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
16 
(3) 
Prosecution History 
In a Final Office Action during prosecution, the Examiner rejected the 
pending claims over the prior art combination of Blumenkranz (US Patent 
Publication No. 2006/0195076), Swinger (US Patent No. 6,325,792), and 
Bille (US Patent No. 4,907,586), as evidenced by Bille ’586 (US Patent No. 
4,907,586).7 Ex. 1006, 66–72. In this rejection, the Examiner asserted that 
Blumenkranz discloses image guided laser surgery on the lens, as well as in 
other areas of the eye, such as the sclera and iris. Id. at 69. Given these 
capabilities, the Examiner asserted that Blumenkranz could be used to 
provide multiple focus beams to create multiple incisions in the crystalline 
lens, as well as other soft tissues of the eye. Id. 
The Examiner then noted that Swinger discloses applying multiple 
laser incisions in a patient’s eye, as well as the utility of the method in 
corneal operations, such as “correcting myopia, hyperopia, astigmatism, 
optical aberrations, etc.” Id. at 70. The Examiner further noted that Swinger 
discloses making precise cuts in desired locations in a reproducible fashion, 
including “relaxation incisions,” which “can be made in any predetermined 
length and depth, and in straight line or in curved patterns with high 
precision.” Id. 
The Examiner then asserted that Bille teaches a laser beam guidance 
system that can focus on cells in the cornea with “great accuracy” and with 
control of the depth of the incision in the corneal portion of the eye. Id. at 
71–72. 
 
7 Neither Bille reference appears to have been submitted as an exhibit in this 
proceeding. 

--- Page 17 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
17 
After summarizing the disclosures of Blumenkranz, Swinger, and 
Bille, the Examiner concluded that: 
it would have been obvious for one of ordinary skill in the art at 
the time of the instant invention was made to employ the 
system of Blumenkranz for not only making incisions in the 
lens but also for making incisions in the cornea by precisely 
controlling the location and depth of the incision such that the 
incision can penetrate epithelium, Bowman’s membrane and 
only partially extend in to the stroma of cornea (col. 6, ll. 40–
68), [as] suggested by Bille. 
Id. at 72. 
In response to the Final Office Action, the Applicants amended the 
preamble of claim 1 to “identify the target tissues (to be treated),” i.e., “one 
or more of a cornea, limbus or sclera.” Id. at 43 (claim amendment), 62 
(applicant-initiated interview summary). Responding to the rejection over 
Blumenkranz, Swinger, and Bille, the Applicants argued that although the 
prior art disclosed partially penetrating incisions “whose purpose is to 
reshape the cornea, it does not do so for partially penetrating cataract 
incisions, whose purpose is not to re-shape the cornea.” Id. at 50–52. The 
Applicants further argued that one of ordinary skill in the art would not have 
been motivated to generate a partial cataract incision because a partial 
incision is “unsuitable for its intended purpose, i.e. to provide access to the 
lens.” Id. at 53–55. 
In response to the Applicants’ amendments and arguments, the 
Examiner initiated an interview in which the Examiner suggested that “A 
scanning system” be amended to “A cataract surgery scanning system” in 
each independent claim. Id. at 15. The Examiner stated as the reasons for 
allowance, that the 

--- Page 18 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
18 
instant claimed cataract surgery scanning system is 
distinguishable from those taught by the prior art of record in 
that the prior art does not teach or suggest the suitability of a 
delivery system that deliver[s] a first treatment pattern to a 
target tissue selected from [the] cornea, sclera and limbus to 
form a cataract incision, which only partially extends through 
the target tissue, and provides access to the eye chamber of the 
patient’s eye without causing refractive changes. On the other 
hand, prior art of record teaches fully penetrating incisions for 
cataract surgery, which do not avoid refractive changes in 
accessing the crystalline lens during cataract surgery. 
Id. at 15–16. 
 
Thus, the Examiner’s reason for allowance was not based on the 
ability of the claimed system to perform surgery on both the lens and the 
cornea, but stems from the Examiner’s conclusion that the prior art of record 
did not disclose partially penetrating cataract incisions that do not cause 
refractive changes. Id. 
 
In the subsequent Examiner-Initiated Interview Summary, the 
Examiner stated that the “Applicants presented the arguments that the prior 
art does not teach cataract incisions that partially penetrate in a cataract 
surgery scanner. Examiner suggested limiting the claimed apparatus 
(scanner) to a cataract surgery apparatus in order to exclude the other 
scanning systems.” Id. at 13. The claims then received a Notice of 
Allowance on September 24, 2015. Id. at 9. 
 
Patent Owner argues that the Examiner’s explanation of amending the 
claims to “A cataract surgery scanning system” in order to “exclude the 
other scanning systems” demonstrates that the claimed apparatus must be 
capable of making not only the claimed cataract and relaxing incisions, but 
also incisions in the lens. PO Resp. 11, 43–44. 

--- Page 19 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
19 
 
The Examiner’s reasons for allowance regarding a “cataract surgery 
scanning system” are ambiguous. For example, it is not clear how the 
addition of the term “cataract surgery scanning system” would exclude the 
systems of either Blumenkranz or Swinger, which both expressly disclose 
laser incisions in the lens or lens capsule for purposes of cataract surgery. 
Ex. 1017 ¶ 9; Ex. 1006, 76; Ex. 1021, 34:30–35:3. Bille does appear to be 
limited to laser incisions in the cornea, but the combination relied upon by 
the Examiner was for Blumenkranz to perform the claimed cataract and 
relaxation incisions. Thus, it is not clear how the Examiner’s Amendment to 
include a “cataract surgery scanning system” would exclude any of the relied 
upon “scanning systems.” 
 
In their response to the Final Office Action, the Applicants stressed 
that Blumenkranz, Swinger, and Bille do not individually or in combination 
teach or suggest a cataract incision, “which is intended to provide access to 
the crystalline lens for the lens removal instruments during cataract surgery,” 
that only partially penetrates the cornea of the patient’s eye, and is not 
intended to “reshape the cornea.” Ex. 1006, 55. We are directed to no 
argument in this prosecution response that Blumenkranz, Swinger, or Bille, 
or the combined system as a whole, must be capable of making incisions in 
both the lens and the cornea, limbus, or sclera. 
Likewise, the Examiner’s stated reasons for allowance focused on the 
Applicants’ argument that the recited prior art references do not disclose a 
cataract incision in the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye that only 
partially extends through target tissue and does not cause refractive changes 
to the eye. Ex. 1006, 15–16. Thus, although somewhat ambiguous, we 
understand that the addition of the term “cataract surgery scanning system” 
was intended to make clear that the system is designed to, or capable of, 

--- Page 20 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
20 
making specific incisions related to cataract surgery, and not merely 
incisions “whose purpose is to reshape the cornea,” as disclosed for 
example in Bille. Ex. 1006, 55. We do not find that the prosecution history 
suggests that a “cataract surgery scanning system” must be able to perform 
all steps of cataract surgery, including surgery on the lens or lens capsule. 
(4) 
Analysis 
As discussed above, the intrinsic record of the ’023 patent, that is, the 
claims, written description, and prosecution history, suggests that a “cataract 
surgery scanning system” is one that is capable of performing at least one 
incision related to cataract surgery. This may include cataract and relaxation 
incisions in the cornea, limbus, or sclera, or incisions in the lens or lens 
capsule. Accordingly, we construe the claim term “cataract surgery 
scanning system” to require that the system be designed to, or capable of, 
performing at least one step of cataract surgery, such as creating an incision 
in the cornea or other exterior tissues to allow access for surgical 
instruments, correcting for astigmatism, creating an opening in the anterior 
lens capsule, or fragmenting the lens. See Pet. 20 (Petitioner describing the 
steps of a “typical cataract surgery”). 
2. 
“cataract incision therein that provides access to an 
eye chamber of the patient’s eye, the incision . . . only 
 partially extending through the target tissue” 
Claim 1 requires a “cataract incision therein that provides access to an 
eye chamber of the patient’s eye, the incision . . . only partially extending 
through the target tissue.” Ex. 1004, 14:18–21. Petitioner contends this 
claim phrase is potentially subject to two different claim constructions. 
Pet. 8–10. 

--- Page 21 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
21 
First, Petitioner argues that a “cataract incision” could be interpreted 
to mean “an incision that fully extends through the target tissue,” which 
requires multiple passes of the laser along the treatment pattern to ultimately 
form a fully penetrating incision that “provides access to an eye chamber.” 
Id. at 8–9. The problem with this construction, according to Petitioner, is 
that it reads limitations out of the claim. Id. at 10. 
Second, Petitioner argues that the disputed language could merely 
recite the purpose of the partial incision, with ultimate access provided by a 
surgeon in another step. Id. at 9–10. Petitioner contends this construction is 
generally consistent with the disclosures of the ’023 patent, but reads the 
term “provides access to an eye chamber” out of the claim. Id. at 10. 
Unable to definitively determine the correct interpretation of the claim, 
Petition adopts “both for purposes of [the] Petition,” and seeks to show the 
claims would have been obvious under either interpretation. Id. 
In the Institution Decision, after reviewing the claims, written 
description, and prosecution history, we construed the claim phrase “cataract 
incision therein that provides access to an eye chamber of the patient’s eye, 
the incision . . . only partially extending through the target tissue” to require 
“a partially penetrating cataract incision that, when completed by the 
surgeon or another individual, allows access for lens removal 
instrumentation.” Dec. 13–14. Patent Owner agrees with this construction 
(PO Resp. 13) and Petitioner does not expressly dispute the construction in 
its Reply. Accordingly, for the reasons set forth in the Institution Decision, 
we adopt this construction for purposes of this Final Written Decision. 
D. 
Prior Art Status of Weikert 
The Petition asserts that Weikert is an article, titled Refractive 
Keratotomy: Does it Have a Future Role in Refractive Surgery?, that was 

--- Page 22 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
22 
published in 2005 “as Chapter 14 in CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY” 
and is therefore prior art to the ’023 patent under 35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Pet. 5, 
30. In support of the Petition, Dr. Lubatschowski testifies that the identified 
chapter of Weikert was part of “the 2005 edition” of “CATARACT AND 
REFRACTIVE SURGERY.” Ex. 1001 ¶ 73. 
In its authorized Preliminary Reply to the Preliminary Response, 
Petitioner provides a copy of the front cover of Weikert, as well as pages 
identifying the ISBN number, ISSN number, Library of Congress Control 
Number, and a 2005 copyright date for the reference. Reply 1; Ex. 1060, 1–
5.8 Petitioner also argues that a simple internet search of the citation 
provided in the Petition would provide the same information. Reply 3. 
Patent Owner contends that the Petition failed to provide evidence 
establishing Weikert is prior art to the ’023 patent and, therefore, “the 
Petition fails at the threshold.” PO Resp. 13–14. Patent Owner 
acknowledges that Petitioner submitted Supplemental Evidence and Reply 
arguments to support its assertion that Weikert is prior art to the ’023 patent, 
but contends the Petition must establish a reference as prior art, and failure 
to do so in this case is fatal. Id. 
A petition must “identify with particularity the grounds for institution 
and evidence supporting such grounds,” including “the prior art relied upon 
and evidence that it qualifies as such.” Hulu, LLC v. Sound View 
Innovations, LLC, IPR2018-01039, Paper 29 at 13 (PTAB Dec. 20, 2019) 
(precedential) (citing 35 U.S.C. § 312(a)). The Petition identifies the 
grounds for institution and the evidence supporting such grounds, and 
 
8 Here we reference the page numbers in the bottom-right corner of the 
reference that were added by Petitioner. 

--- Page 23 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
23 
presents evidence that Weikert qualifies as prior art under 
35 U.S.C. § 102(b). Pet. 5, 30. For example, Petitioner and 
Dr. Lubatschowski assert that CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY “is a 
quarterly review series comprising chapters written by well-known 
specialists,” and that Weikert was included in the 2005 edition of CATARACT 
AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY as Chapter 14: Refractive Keratotomy: Does it 
Have a Future Role in Refractive Surgery? Ex. 1001 ¶ 73. 
In addition, Hulu contemplates additional evidence being admitted in 
a reply to a patent owner preliminary response, as long as that evidence is 
responsive to the prior briefing. Hulu, Paper 29 at 14. In this case, 
Petitioner’s evidence submitted in its Reply is responsive to arguments made 
in prior briefs (i.e., Patent Owner’s Preliminary Response and Response), 
and simply confirms what was asserted in the Petition and 
Dr. Lubatschowski’s declaration, i.e., that Weikert is Chapter 14 of 
CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY and the document bears a copyright 
date of 2005 (or, as asserted by Dr. Lubatschowski, is a “2005 edition”). 
Ex. 1060, 5, 12; Pet. 5, 30; Ex. 1001 ¶ 73. In addition, this evidence 
indicates that CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY was published by 
“Springer,” which is a well-known publishing company, and is the type of 
document that would be expected to be made publicly accessible. See 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 73 (asserting that CATARACT AND REFRACTIVE SURGERY “is a 
quarterly review series comprising chapters written by well-known 
specialists”); Ex. 1019, 220, 224, 227, 228, 230, 232 (providing a “Summary 
for the Clinician” at the end of several sub-chapters); Ex. 1060, 4–5. 
The information presented in the Petition, as confirmed by the Reply 
evidence submitted by Petitioner, sufficiently demonstrates that Weikert is 
prior art to the ’023 patent. 

--- Page 24 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
24 
E. 
Claims 1–3, 6, and 17 over Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert 
Petitioner contends the subject matter of claims 1–3, 6, and 17 would 
have been obvious over the combined disclosures of Kurtz, Swinger, and 
Weikert. Pet. 51–58. 
1. 
Kurtz 
Kurtz discloses a system and method for resecting corneal tissue using 
a surgical laser. Ex. 1018, code (57). Although Kurtz focuses on systems 
and techniques for transplanting corneas, it notes that “[o]ther applications 
are also possible.” Id. ¶¶ 2, 22. 
Kurtz explains that traditional techniques used for performing 
penetrating keratoplasty involved using a full-thickness cylindrical cut in 
both the recipient and donor corneas to resect corneal tissue. Id. ¶ 4. The 
resected donor tissue is then grafted into the recipient cornea in the same 
operating room and within minutes of the resection. Id. 
Kurtz explains that femtosecond surgical lasers were previously used 
to create full thickness corneal incisions, but such systems have the 
drawback of taking up “valuable space within the operating room.” Id. ¶ 5. 
Given this drawback, Kurtz discloses that “[a]s an alternative, the 
femtosecond surgical laser could be placed in a surgical preparation room.” 
Id. In that scenario, extreme care must be taken not to expose the internal 
tissues of the cornea to contaminants “during the process of transferring the 
recipient and the donor tissue to the operating room for completion of the 
procedure.” Id. 
To overcome these limitations, Kurtz discloses having the pulsed laser 
beam skip portions of the resection pattern, thereby leaving uncut gaps in the 
to-be-resected cornea. Id. ¶ 7. Kurtz explains that by leaving uncut gaps in 
the resection pattern, tissue along the incision and the internal chambers of 

--- Page 25 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
25 
the eye remain protected and unexposed to environmental contaminants, 
allowing the patient to be moved between the preparation room and the 
operating room without exposing the patient to contamination risks. Id. 
¶ 14. Once in the operating room, the uncut gaps may be incised by the 
surgeon using an alternate surgical instrument, preferably a bladed 
instrument. Id. ¶¶ 8, 15. 
Figure 2 of Kurtz is reproduced below: 
Figure 2 of Kurtz is a schematic illustration of a system for resecting corneal 
tissue using a resection pattern having an uncut gap. Id. ¶ 12. In the 
embodiment shown in Figure 2, interface 41 “presents the surgeon with 
several incision patterns from which the desired resection pattern is 
selected.” Id. ¶ 19. Femtosecond surgical laser 31 generates a pulsed laser 
beam 33 and directs that beam into focusing assembly 35, “which in turn 

--- Page 26 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
26 
focuses the pulsed beam 33 into the cornea 37.” Id. Controller 39 “is a 
programmable computer which precisely controls the location of the beam 
focal point within the cornea 37 according to parameters received from the 
surgeon interface 41.” Id. 
2. 
Swinger 
Swinger discloses the use of low energy, ultra-short (femtosecond) 
pulsed laser radiation to ablate ocular tissue in a controlled fashion. 
Ex. 1021, code (57). Swinger explains that the disclosed photodisruption 
process is gentle enough that it may be used for surgical procedures that 
were previously impossible using laser radiation, including “radial and 
arcuate keratotomy,” “capsulectomy, capsulorhexis, and phacoablation.” Id. 
Figure 6 of Swinger is reproduced below: 
 
Figure 6 is a block diagram of a preferred embodiment of the laser and 
control system of Swinger. Id. at 10:61–62, 17:1–30. As shown in Figure 6, 
laser unit 100 generates laser beam B. Id. at 17:1–2. Swinger explains that 
the preferred laser system includes a broad gain bandwidth laser using lasing 

--- Page 27 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
27 
ions such as titanium, chromium or neodymium and emitting at a preferred 
wavelength of 400 nm to 1900 nm, “which is generally transmissive in eye 
tissue.” Id. at 8:43–48. 
Zoom lens 106 provides control over the diameter of laser beam B. 
Id. at 17:21–24. Beam-splitting mirrors 122 and 126 reflect part of the beam 
energy to beam diameter sensor 124 and beam location sensor 128, 
respectively. Id. at 18:43–45, 19:30–33. Beam intensity controller 112 is 
coupled to computer control unit 114, which is programmed to vary the 
intensity of surgical laser beam S, as necessary for a particular surgical 
procedure. Id. at 17:50–54. Safety shutter 120 is coupled to computer 
control unit 114 and is used to prevent unwanted or accidental laser radiation 
exposure of eye tissue. Id. at 18:10–24, 19:24–29. Guide beam unit 132 
includes a low-power laser that provides a guide beam appropriate for direct 
viewing that is aligned with surgical laser beam S and acts as an indicator of 
the location of the treatment beam. Id. at 20:22–34. 
Swinger discloses that its system “can easily create straight line and 
curved-line excisions, of any predetermined length and depth, at any 
location determined by a surgeon.” Id. at 20:49–51. One use of this system 
is “for performing radial keratotomies or making T-cuts or arcuate cuts, to 
correct myopia, hyperopia, or astigmatism (regular or irregular).” Id. at 
21:12–19. Swinger explains that these cuts may be made using various laser 
scanning patterns and that these cuts may completely penetrate the cornea or 
may be made within the cornea. Id. at 33:7–17. 
Swinger also explains that the disclosed system may perform 
capsulorhexis surgery, as follows. Id. at 34:30–51. First, the focus of the 
laser beam spot is localized to the anterior lens capsule “by direct 
visualization using a visual HeNe laser beam focused to the same focal point 

--- Page 28 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
28 
as the ablating laser.” Id. at 34:52–55. “Then the surgeon displaces the 
HeNe positioning beam just posteriorly to” the lens capsule and 
“photodisruption begins.” Id. at 34:58–61. According to Swinger, “[t]he 
cutting process can be totally computerized once the reference point on the 
capsule has been fixed, or the surgeon can terminate the process when the 
capsule has been visibly cut for 360 degrees.” Id. at 34:64–67. 
3. 
Weikert 
Weikert reviews the history, use, and potential future of refractive 
keratotomy, which involves making incisions into the cornea of the eye, 
often to correct astigmatism. Ex. 1019, 217.9 Weikert explains that the first 
clinical use of keratotomy to correct refractive error occurred in 1885, where 
a penetrating limbal incision was used to decrease astigmatism following 
cataract surgery. Id. (section 14.2). Although by the late 1990s laser-based 
systems “had replaced refractive keratotomy as the dominant technique for 
the surgical correction of refraction error,” Weikert notes that “incisional 
corneal surgery remains a useful tool in the surgeon’s repertoire of refractive 
procedures.” Id. at 218. 
Weikert notes that clear corneal incisions (CCIs) “made during 
cataract surgery have been known to induce astigmatism by flattening the 
meridian on which the incision is centered.” Id. at 227 (section 14.7.1). 
“The amount of this surgically induced astigmatism (SIA) varies with 
incision length and placement.” Id. Weikert reports that one study 
comparing incision sizes of 3.2 mm, 4.0 mm, and 5.2 mm, found that the 
mean SIA was 0.09 D, 0.26 D, and 0.54 D, respectively. Id. In view of the 
 
9 Our citations are to the original page numbers of the document. 

--- Page 29 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
29 
various studies on the subject, Weikert reports that “0.0–0.5 D of SIA can be 
expected from temporal CCIs less than or equal to 3.2 mm.” Id. at 228. 
Weikert notes that one method of correcting the astigmatism caused 
by corneal incisions for cataract surgery was to provide “a similar incision 
placed opposite to the temporal CCI,” with cataract surgery being performed 
only through one wound. Id. (section 14.7.2). Although such a procedure 
can reduce astigmatism, its “range is limited” and “carries [the] additional 
risk associated with the extra penetrating corneal wound.” Id. To correct 
higher levels of astigmatism, Weikert reports that “[p]artial thickness, 
arcuate or transverse corneal incisions” may be used and that “[a]rcuate 
incision have been combined with cataract surgery to reduce pre-existing 
astigmatism.” Id. at 228–229 (section 14.7.3). 
In its conclusion, Weikert reports that “[a]s advances continue in the 
areas of intraocular lens design, crystalline lens removal and excimer laser 
refractive surgery, we are likely to see further decline in the use of refractive 
keratotomy.” Id. at 232. 
4. 
Analysis: Claim 1 
Addressing the limitations of claim 1, Petitioner contends that Kurtz’s 
system includes (1) a treatment light source for generating a treatment light 
beam; (2) a scanner for deflecting the light beam to form treatment patterns 
under the control of a controller; and (3) a delivery system comprising a 
controller operatively coupled to the treatment light source and the scanner 
and programmed to a deliver treatment pattern to a patient’s eye. Pet. 53–
54. Although Kurtz does not expressly disclose making a cataract incision 
or relaxation incisions, Petitioner contends both types of incisions are 
disclosed in Weikert and that Swinger demonstrates that an ophthalmic laser 
surgery system could be adapted to make both types of incisions. Id. at 54–

--- Page 30 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
30 
55 (citing Ex. 1021, 21:12–24, 33:7–22, Figs. 8B, 15W; Ex. 1019, 1; 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 240). 
With respect to the reason to combine Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, 
Petitioner argues that Kurtz discloses a multifunctional ophthalmic-surgery 
system that can be used for corneal transplants or “[o]ther applications,” and 
that Weikert discloses that “the combined delivery of cataract and relaxation 
incisions have been known for approximately 150 years.” Pet. 51. 
Petitioner further argues that Swinger discloses a multifunctional 
ophthalmic-surgery system “intended for various surgical procedures, 
including to reshape the cornea, perform corneal transplants, and ‘excise or 
photoablate regions within the cornea, capsule, lens, vitroretinal membrane, 
and other structures within the eye.’” Id. at 51–52 (citing Ex. 1021, 8:34–
36, 55–67; Ex. 1019, 1–2). Given the disclosures of Weikert, Kurtz, and 
Swinger, Petitioner contends one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
found it obvious to use the multifunctional ophthalmic-surgery system 
disclosed by Kurtz to deliver both cataract incisions and relaxation incisions 
in the eye of a patient. Id. at 52 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 163–165). 
In support of the Petition, Dr. Lubatschowski testifies that one of 
ordinary skill in the art would have understood that Kurtz’s system is 
capable of making both a cataract incision and relaxation incisions in the 
cornea, and would have sought to do so in view of Swinger’s demonstration 
that such incisions could be made with beneficial results. Ex. 1001 ¶ 162 
(noting that Swinger’s laser surgery system allows incisions with predictable 
dimensions and allows for “safer” procedures), ¶ 163 (Dr. Lubatschowski 
testifying that the system of Kurtz is not limited to corneal transplants and is 
“well suited” for cataract incisions to access the eye chamber). 

--- Page 31 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
31 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s grounds based on Kurtz are 
not persuasive because Kurtz is not a cataract surgery scanning system, but 
rather a corneal surgery system. PO Resp. 42. Patent Owner reasons that a 
“cataract surgery scanning system” “must be able to perform surgery on the 
lens,” whereas Kurtz is focused on one type of corneal procedure—“corneal 
transplants”—which leaves a large, 360-degree circular hole in the center of 
the cornea. Id. at 43 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶ 134; Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 53, 59–60). 
According to Patent Owner, no skilled artisan would remove most of the 
cornea (as is done in Kurtz) to perform cataract surgery, “particularly given 
the known risks of such a large incision.” Id. at 43–44 (citing Ex. 2062 
¶ 249; Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 52–57; Ex. 2041, 88:3–16). 
Patent Owner also argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would 
not have modified Kurtz to perform surgery on the lens. PO Resp. 44. 
Patent Owner reasons that although Kurtz indicates that “many more 
modifications are possible without departing from the inventive concepts 
herein” (Ex. 1018 ¶ 22), the examples of such modifications all “involve 
corneal transplants.” Id. (citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 22). Patent Owner also argues 
that Kurtz’s mention of “[o]ther applications” fails to disclose “a cataract 
surgery scanning system,” i.e., a scanning system capable of performing 
surgery on the lens under Patent Owner’s construction of that term, “with 
sufficient precision and detail to establish that the subject matter existed in 
the prior art.” Id. at 42–44 (quoting Wasica Fin. GmbH v. Cont’l Auto. Syst., 
Inc., 853 F.3d 1272, 1284–85 (Fed. Cir. 2017), and citing Ex. 2062 ¶¶ 248, 
103; Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 52–57, 59; Ex. 1018 ¶¶ 2, 13). 
On this record, Petitioner persuasively demonstrates that: Weikert 
discloses that it was well known in the art to make cataract incisions and 
relaxing incisions as part of cataract surgery; Kurtz was designed to make 

--- Page 32 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
32 
partially penetrating corneal incisions, which could easily include cataract 
and relaxing incisions; and Swinger discloses using a laser to make multiple 
incision types in the cornea and the benefits of such laser-created incisions. 
Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 160–165. In view of such disclosures, and in view of the 
general understanding that laser-created incisions are precise and accurate, 
we find that Petitioner persuasively explains why one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have sought to combine Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert to arrive at 
the subject matter of claim 1 with a reasonable expectation of success.10 
Patent Owner’s arguments are not persuasive because the claims of 
the ’023 patent do not require a system that is capable of performing surgery 
on the lens. Rather, as noted above, the claims require only that the system 
be capable of, or designed to, perform at least one step of cataract surgery, 
such as a cataract incision or relaxation incision. On this record, Petitioner 
persuasively demonstrates that the system of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert 
would be capable of forming both cataract and relaxation incisions. 
Patent Owner’s argument regarding the size of Kurtz’s corneal 
transplant incisions is likewise not persuasive because Petitioner does not 
argue that one of ordinary skill in the art would have made a 360-degree 
corneal transplant incision for use as a cataract incision. Pet. 52; Ex. 1001 
¶ 163. Petitioner asserts instead that Kurtz would be used to form the 
cataract incisions typically used during cataract surgery. Pet. 52 (asserting 
that “Kurtz is not limited to corneal transplants” and could also be used to 
provide “cataract incisions to the cornea to access the eye chamber”); 
 
10 We note that Patent Owner does not expressly dispute that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have modified Kurtz to perform cataract incisions and 
relaxation incisions. Patent Owner only appears to dispute whether Kurtz 
would be used for incisions in the lens or lens capsule. PO Resp. 44–47. 

--- Page 33 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
33 
Ex. 1001 ¶ 165 (Dr. Lubatschowski testifying that cataract incisions are 
“generally much smaller” than corneal transplant incisions, “as the incision 
need only provide access to an inner chamber of the patient’s eye for 
surgical tools”). 
In view of the foregoing, we find that Petitioner sufficiently 
demonstrates that Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert teach or suggest every 
limitation of independent claim 1, and that Petitioner explains sufficiently 
why one of ordinary skill in the art would have combined these references to 
arrive at the subject matter of claim 1 with a reasonable expectation of 
success. Thus, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence 
that the subject matter of independent claim 1 would have been obvious over 
the combined disclosures of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert. 
5. 
Analysis: Claims 2, 3, 6, and 17 
Petitioner also presents evidence that the subject matter of claims 2, 3, 
6, and 17 is taught or suggested in Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert. Pet. 55–58. 
In particular, Petitioner demonstrates that it was known in the art, such as in 
Kurtz, to form two treatment patterns into a single treatment pattern for 
forming desired incisions (claim 2) (id. at 55–56); it was known in the art to 
make partially-penetrating relaxation incisions, such as in Swinger and 
Weikert (claim 3) (id. at 56); and it was known in the art to use an aiming 
beam that is configured to form an aiming pattern that visually indicates a 
position of at least one of the first and second treatment patterns on the 
patient’s eye, as in Swinger (claim 6) (id. at 56–57). 
With respect to claim 17, Petitioner argues that Kurtz discloses a 
controller that is programmed to deliver multiple incision patterns in a 
patient’s eye, and that it was known in the art to use two cataract incisions 
“to allow multiple instruments to have access to the eye chamber via 

--- Page 34 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
34 
different incisions.” Id. at 57–58 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶ 246). Supporting the 
Petition, Dr. Lubatschowski notes that Weikert discloses providing multiple 
cataract incisions to correct for astigmatism, and testifies that cataract 
surgeries often involve multiple incisions in order to provide access for 
surgical tools and instruments to the interior of a patient’s eye. Ex. 1001 
¶¶ 223, 246. 
Patent Owner does not address Petitioner’s arguments with respect to 
claims 2, 3, and 6 beyond its arguments set forth above with respect to 
independent claim 1, but does contest whether Kurtz discloses first and third 
treatment patterns, as recited in claim 17. PO Resp. 52–55. Patent Owner 
reasons that claim 17 requires that the third treatment pattern is “an 
additional incision,” and Kurtz’s single corneal transplant incision cannot 
meet both limitations. Id. at 52–53. Patent Owner further argues that 
Kurtz’s use of multiple incisions to form its cataract transplant incision are 
part of a single treatment pattern, and not additional treatment patterns to 
complete a single incision. 
With respect to Petitioner’s argument that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have sought to use two cataract incisions, Patent Owner argues 
that the Petition is silent as to why multiple cataract incisions would have 
been made, “as opposed to just a single cataract incision.” Id. at 55–56. 
Patent Owner further argues that Petitioner cannot rely on the testimony of 
Dr. Lubatschowski to fill any gaps, because these arguments were not set 
forth in the Petition and would improperly incorporate-by-reference 
arguments into the Petition from Dr. Lubatschowski’s declaration. Id. at 55. 
The Petition asserts that Kurtz would be used to form the standard 
cataract incisions used during cataract surgery and that one of ordinary skill 
in the art would have sought to administer more than one cataract incision 

--- Page 35 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
35 
“to allow multiple instruments to have access to the eye chamber via 
different incisions.” Pet. 55, 58 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶ 246). This rationale is 
not disputed, only the level of supporting documentation or reasoning. On 
this point, Weikert expressly discloses making multiple cataract incisions 
(Ex. 1019, 228), and Dr. Lubatschowski provides a clear explanation as to 
why multiple incisions are beneficial. Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 223, 246. Consistent 
with Dr. Lubatschowski’s testimony, both of Patent Owner’s own declarants 
testified that multiple cataract incisions are beneficial for precisely the same 
reason asserted in the Petition, i.e., to allow multiple instruments to have 
access to the eye chamber via different incisions. Pet. 58; Ex. 1073, 89:3–
92:15 (Dr. Kang testifying that “[s]o you typically do need, I believe, 
secondary access for additional tool access”); Ex. 1074, 159:2–18 (Dr. Hatch 
testifying that it is her general practice to “always make two cataract 
incisions for instrument access,” and “sometimes three”). 
Given the clear support for the rationale expressly set forth in the 
Petition, we determine that Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of 
the evidence that the subject matter of claim 17 is taught or suggested by 
Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, when considered in light of the knowledge of 
one of ordinary skill in the art. 
In view of the foregoing, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 2, 3, 6, and 17 would have been obvious over the 
combined disclosures of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert. 
6. 
Conclusion with Respect to the 
Combination of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert 
For the reasons set forth above, Petitioner demonstrates by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–3, 6, and 17 would have been 
obvious over the combination of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert. 

--- Page 36 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
36 
F. 
Claims 4, 5, and 7–16 over Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt 
Petitioner contends that the subject matter of claims 4, 5, and 7–16 
would have been obvious over the combined disclosures of Kurtz, Swinger, 
Weikert, and Benedikt. Pet. 58–67. 
1. 
Benedikt 
Benedikt discloses an apparatus for detecting the surface topography 
of a cornea of an eye. Ex. 1020, code (57). The apparatus of Benedikt 
includes a Placido Topometer and a CCD array. Id. ¶ 29. In use, light in a 
known pattern is projected on a cornea and the reflected light is captured as 
an image by the CCD array. Id. ¶ 31. This “allows measurement [of] the 
surface of the cornea 24 within a few milliseconds by recording usually 
more than 8,000 measuring points.” Id. ¶ 32. Because the recorded 
information “does not supply any information from deeper sections of the 
eye,” however, Benedikt discloses combining the Topometer with either a 
wave front analyzer or coherence tomography. Id. ¶¶ 15, 32. 
 
Figure 3 of Benedikt is reproduced below: 
 

--- Page 37 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
37 
Figure 3 is a schematic representation “of an apparatus with a Placido 
Topometer and optical coherence tomography (OCT), with the optical 
coherence tomography being set up for acquiring tomographs from the 
anterior section of the eye.” Id. ¶ 25. In Figure 3, apparatus 10’ consists of 
“a Placido Topometer with a Placido cone 12, a cone lamp 16 and a CCD 
array 14, as well as an optical coherence tomography.” Id. ¶ 41. Aperture 
40’ is provided on Placido cone 12, “through which the laser beam from the 
coherence tomography can be guided.” Id. The OCT device detects 
individual boundary surfaces of the eye, including the anterior and posterior 
surface of the cornea, anterior and posterior surface of the lens, and fundus 
of the eye. Id. ¶ 43. 
 
In the disclosed design, “the measurements with the Placido 
Topometer and the coherence tomography can be performed either 
simultaneously or sequentially.” Id. ¶ 46. According to Benedikt, “the 
combination of Placido Topometery and coherence tomography leads to a 
qualitatively novel and previously unachievable quantitative description of 
the eye in respect of diagnostics and therapeutics.” Id. ¶¶ 39, 46. 
 
With respect to the use of a dual imaging system, Benedikt explains 
that the data record may be used “to introduce the individually optimal 
ablation pattern for the front surface of the cornea with photo-ablative 
lasers,” thereby detaching “the ablation process from the surgeon’s manual 
dexterity” and providing “a data record for the automated ablation of tissue 
in the laser per se.” Id. ¶ 39. 
2. 
Analysis: Claim 4 
Claim 4 depends from independent claim 1 and further requires a 
profilometer for measuring the surface profile of a patient’s cornea and a 

--- Page 38 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
38 
controller that “controls the formation of the second treatment pattern by the 
scanner in response to the measured surface profile.” Ex. 1004, 14:33–37. 
Petitioner contends that Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert “collectively 
teach a surgery scanning system for treating target tissue, including 
cataracts, in a patient’s eye,” but “do not expressly disclose a system with 
multiple detecting, imaging, and profiling subsystems.” Pet. 58. Petitioner 
asserts, however, that Benedikt recognizes that “an accurate understanding 
of the target anatomy is essential to ophthalmic surgery systems,” and 
provides this accurate illustration of the cornea and other structures of the 
eye by combining a topometer and OCT device. Id. at 58–59. Petitioner 
argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would have sought to integrate 
Benedikt’s imaging assembly into a laser treatment system, such as the 
system of Kurtz and Swinger, “in order to plan and effect laser surgery with 
improved accuracy.” Id. at 59 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 167–170). And, when 
Benedikt’s topometer/OCT imaging device is used in combination with 
Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, Petitioner contends that every limitation of 
claim 4 is taught or suggested in the prior art. Id. at 60–61. 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s combination arguments fail 
because (1) Benedikt’s dual topometer/OCT imaging system is not more 
accurate than Swinger’s direct visualization method; and (2) one of ordinary 
skill in the art would not have sought to use Benedikt’s imaging system with 
prior art laser systems due to technical and design issues. PO Resp. 49–51. 
We address these arguments in turn. 
3. 
Accuracy of Benedikt’s Imaging System 
Patent Owner argues that Swinger uses a HeNe beam to accurately 
create treatment patterns and that there is “no evidence that Benedikt’s 
diagnostic imaging system would improve Swinger’s accuracy or precision.” 

--- Page 39 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
39 
PO Resp. 49 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶ 269). Petitioner further argues that the fact 
that Benedikt provides a “previously unattainable” illustration of the cornea 
would not have motivated a skilled artisan to use such a system because the 
claimed “cataract surgery scanning system” “must be able to perform 
surgery on the lens.” Id. 
Petitioner persuasively demonstrates that HeNe beams are limited to 
visualizing the surface of eye tissue at a single point. Pet. Reply 26; 
Ex. 1070 ¶¶ 32–34. In contrast, Benedikt describes its combined 
topometer/OCT imaging device as providing a “previously unattainable 
comprehensive topometerical/topographical illustration of the cornea.” 
Pet. 59; PO Resp. 49. As Kurtz uses its laser source to make incisions in the 
cornea, we find persuasive Petitioner’s argument that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have found it beneficial to implement Benedikt’s imaging 
device to aid the corneal surgery procedures of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert. 
Patent Owner’s counter-arguments are not persuasive because 
Swinger’s method of direct visualization using a HeNe laser, although 
acceptable for surgery on the lens, does not provide the same level of 
topographical or topometrical data regarding the cornea and underlying 
structures as Benedikt’s dual topometer/OCT imaging system. Pet. 58; 
Ex. 1070 ¶¶ 32–34; Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 167–170. In addition, we have found that 
the term “cataract surgery scanning system” does not require that the 
apparatus be capable of treating the lens, as asserted by Patent Owner. 
a) 
Use of Benedikt’s Imaging System in Kurtz and Swinger 
Patent Owner contends that Kurtz and Swinger both use an eye 
fixation device that is incompatible with Benedikt’s diagnostic imaging 
system. PO Resp. 50. Patent Owner further contends that implementing a 
dual topometer/OCT device as part of a cataract surgery scanning system 

--- Page 40 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
40 
“has never been done” and “would have posed the difficult task of 
redesigning Kurtz’s optical system to combine multiple imaging beams into 
a common beam path.” Id. at 50–51 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶ 274). 
Petitioner argues in response that neither Kurtz nor Swinger requires 
eye fixation, and also that prior-art laser surgical systems with integrated 
imaging were known in the art, and that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have known how to adjust the delivery system’s optics —“including a 
calibration and registration between the treatment beam and imaging 
beams”—and reprogram the controller to provide additional incision types in 
the cornea. Pet. Reply 27. In support of this position, Petitioner notes that 
the ’023 patent “offers no details on how to program a controller, calibrate 
or register beams, or address chromatic aberrations,” strongly suggesting 
that these steps were within the skill of an ordinarily skilled artisan. Id. 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner argues that there is simply no reason to 
move away from Swinger’s HeNe aiming beam and implement Benedikt’s 
topometer/OCT imaging device. Sur-Reply 24. Patent Owner further 
argues that Kurtz’s and Swinger’s eye fixation devices are incompatible with 
a topometer, and that the topometer’s measurements “would be rendered 
redundant by the subsequent OCT measurement.” Id. at 26. And, given the 
minimal purported advantages over Swinger’s HeNe aiming beam, Patent 
Owner contends one of ordinary skill in the art would not have sought to 
overcome the considerable design challenges required to align the imaging 
and treatment beams. Id. 
For surgery on the cornea, Benedikt explains that a topographic 
scanner is particularly useful, as is a second scanner for detecting optical 
properties of layers of the eye disposed below the front surface of the 
cornea. Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 3–8, 32. Consistent with this disclosure, and with 

--- Page 41 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
41 
Petitioner’s arguments in general, Dr. Hatch testifies that even when OCT 
data is available, she finds that topometer data very useful. Ex. 1074, 246:6–
248:16 (Dr. Hatch explaining that despite having OCT images, there is “a 
huge benefit to topography”). As such, we find persuasive Petitioner’s 
argument that one of ordinary skill in the art seeking to form a cataract 
incision and relaxing incisions in the cornea would have sought to 
implement a topometer/OCT imaging system, as disclosed in Benedikt. 
As noted by Patent Owner, use of Benedikt’s topometer would require 
modification or removal of Kurtz’s eye fixation device. Petitioner 
persuasively demonstrates, however, that neither Kurtz nor Swinger require 
an eye fixation device, and that topographical data would be advantageous, 
“whether or not eye fixation is used during surgery.” Pet. Reply 27 (citing 
Ex. 1018 ¶ 21; Ex. 1021, 23:35–56). In addition, although the ’023 patent 
recognizes the difficulty in using a profilometer with an eye fixation device, 
to overcome such difficulties the ’023 patent merely states that “contact 
lens 66 or its disposition relative to cornea 406 of eye 68 may have to be 
modified, or compensated for, to suit the profilometer’s mode of operation,” 
without providing any particular guidance on how to do so. Ex. 1004, 
11:35–38. This suggests the inventors of the ’023 patent did not consider 
the necessary modifications for integrating a topometer to be particularly 
difficult, including modifying or removing the eye fixation device. 
With respect to co-registration of the OCT and treatment laser beam, 
it appears undisputed that integrating Benedikt’s imaging system with a 
treatment laser would present technical design challenges. The evidence of 
record, however, suggests that surgical systems with integrated imaging 
were known and that any necessary modifications were within the ordinary 
skill in the art. Id.; Ex. 1072, 76:21:77–3 (Dr. Kang testifying that in 2005 a 

--- Page 42 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
42 
person of ordinary skill in the art knew how to develop a system that could 
co-register the OCT and the laser beam). In any event, even if design 
challenges existed in implementing a dual topometer/OCT imaging system 
in Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, given the advantages of Benedikt’s imaging 
system for incisions in the cornea, we find that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would not have avoided the use of Benedikt’s imaging system in light of 
design challenges. 
In view of the foregoing, we find that Petitioner persuasively 
demonstrates that Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt teach or suggest 
every limitation of dependent claim 4. Petitioner also provides a sufficient 
explanation as to how and why one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
implemented Benedikt’s dual imaging system in Kurtz, Swinger, and 
Weikert with a reasonable expectation of success. Accordingly, Petitioner 
demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 4 would have 
been obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt. 
4. 
Analysis: Claims 5, 8–10, and 12–15 
Petitioner identifies where Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt 
disclose every limitation of claims 5, 8–10, and 12–15. Pet. 61–67. In 
particular, Petitioner demonstrates that Benedikt includes a detector for 
measuring a surface profile of a surface of the cornea of a patient’s eye, and 
suggests providing this information to a controller that controls the 
formation of a treatment pattern (claim 5) (id. at 61 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 39, 
42, Figs. 3, 4)); Swinger discloses an aiming light source that generates a 
beam that visually indicates the position of the surgical beam (and thereby 
the position of a treatment pattern before initiating treatment) on the 
patient’s eye (claims 10 and 15) (id. at 56–57, 62 (citing Ex. 1021, 33:58–
62, 34:27–28, 34:52–35:3, 35:50–57, 36:20–31, Fig. 15Y)); Benedikt 

--- Page 43 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
43 
discloses measuring scattering properties by a detector and suggests 
automating surgery using topometric data obtained from the detector 
(claim 9) (id. at 65 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 6, 13, 15, 16, 29–32, 39; Ex. 1001 
¶¶ 261–262)); Kurtz discloses making a plurality of incisions at the same 
time, which one of ordinary skill in the art would have applied to the cataract 
and relaxing incisions of Weikert and Swinger (claim 13) (id. at 66–67 
(citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 8; Ex. 1019, 12; Ex. 1001 ¶ 270)); and Kurtz discloses a 
treatment light source, scanner, and controller that are configured such that 
incisions in the cornea only partially extend through the target tissue (claim 
14) (id. at 67 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 14, Figs. 1A–H)). 
With respect to independent claims 8 and 12, Petitioner provides a 
detailed explanation as to where each limitation of these claims is taught or 
suggested in Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt. Pet. 62–64, 65–66. 
Patent Owner does not specifically address Petitioner’s arguments and 
supporting evidence with respect to claims 5, 8–10, and 12–15, beyond its 
arguments discussed above with respect to dependent claim 4. 
Upon review of the evidence and arguments of record, we determine 
that Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 
5, 8–10, and 12–15 would have been obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, 
and Benedikt. 
5. 
Analysis: Claims 7, 11, and 16 
Claims 7, 11, and 16 depend from independent claims 1, 8, and 12, 
respectively, and further require a camera for capturing an image of target 
tissue, a display device for displaying the image, and a graphic user interface 
“for modifying a composition and location of at least one of the first and 
second treatment patterns on a patient’s eye.” Ex. 1004, 14:49–54, 15:32–
37, 16:40–45. 

--- Page 44 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
44 
Petitioner contends that Kurtz discloses the use of a programmable 
computer with an interface that is used “to present[] the surgeon with several 
incision patterns from which the desired resection pattern is selected,” with 
the system then applying the selected incisions. Pet. 61 (citing Ex. 1018 
¶ 19). Although not explicitly disclosed in Kurtz, Petitioner contends a 
person of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that interface 41 of 
Kurtz includes a “display device” and a “graphical user interface” that would 
allow the surgeon to make the desired pattern selection and modify the 
composition and location of at least one treatment pattern on the patient’s 
eye. Id. at 61–62 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶ 252). Petitioner also contends that 
Benedikt discloses a video camera and that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have understood that when Benedikt’s imaging system is used in 
Kurtz, the image data would have been provided to interface 41 “so that a 
surgeon could see the treatment pattern as it would be applied to the eye 
upon delivery.” Id. at 62 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 4, 31, 39, Figs 3, 4; Ex. 1001 
¶ 253). 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s arguments with respect to claims 
7, 11, and 16 fail because Petitioner’s evidence “suggests modifying the 
shape of Kurtz’s treatment pattern, not its location.” PO Resp. 59 (citing 
Ex. 2062 ¶ 291) (Dr. Kang testifying that for all incision patterns presented 
in Kurtz, “the location of the incision pattern is the same, and the only thing 
that changes is the desired shape and gap placement”). 
In response, Petitioner asserts that selection of a treatment pattern 
“necessarily selects and modifies the treatment pattern location,” and in any 
event Kurtz’s controller already “precisely controls the location of the beam 
focal point . . . according to parameters received from the surgeon 
interface 41.” Pet. Reply 30. 

--- Page 45 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
45 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner contends that Petitioner is incorrect 
that selecting a treatment pattern necessarily selects and modifies the 
treatment pattern location, as “[a]ll of Kurtz’s incisions target a 360-degree 
incision in the central cornea.” Sur-Reply 28 (citing Ex. 2063 ¶ 60; 
Ex. 1073, 207:19–210:23). 
Upon review of the parties’ arguments and supporting evidence, we 
credit the testimony of Dr. Lubatschowski that interface 41 of Kurtz would 
be used by a surgeon to alter both the shape and location of the claimed 
cataract and relaxation incisions. Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 252–253. And, although the 
differences in location may be minor between selected incision shapes (as 
asserted by Dr. Kang), the claims do not require any particular amount of 
change in the location of the treatment pattern. Pet. Reply 30 (citing 
Ex. 1018 ¶ 22, Figs 1A–1H). 
In view of the foregoing, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claims 7, 11, and 16 would have been obvious over 
Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt. 
6. 
Conclusion with Respect to the Combination of Kurtz, Swinger, 
Weikert, and Benedikt 
For the reasons set forth above, Petitioner demonstrates by a 
preponderance of the evidence that claims 4, 5, and 7–16 would have been 
obvious over Kurtz, Swinger, Weikert, and Benedikt. 
G. 
Claims 1–8, 10, 11, and 17 as Obvious 
 over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert 
Petitioner contends the subject matter of claims 1–8, 10, 11, and 17 
would have been obvious over the combined disclosures of Blumenkranz, 
Kurtz, and Weikert. Pet. 31–45. 

--- Page 46 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
46 
1. 
Blumenkranz 
Blumenkranz is directed to a system and method for making incisions 
in eye tissue at different depths. Ex. 1017, code (57). The primary disclosed 
use of the system of Blumenkranz is for cataract surgery, with the disclosed 
system providing “rapid and precise openings in the lens capsule and 
fragmentation of the lens nucleus and cortex . . . using 3-dimensional 
patterned laser cutting.” Id. ¶¶ 3–11, 57, 69. 
Figure 11 of Blumenkranz is reproduced below: 
 
Figure 11 is a plan diagram of one embodiment of Blumenkranz wherein the 
system projects or scans an optical beam into a patient’s eye. Id. ¶ 34. 
Figure 11 shows laser source LS and aiming beam source AIM having 
outputs that are combined using mirror DM1. Id. ¶ 75. In this 
configuration, laser source LS may be used for both therapeutics and 
diagnostics. Id. Mirror M1 serves to provide both reference input R and 

--- Page 47 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
47 
sample input S to an OCT Interferometer, which provides images to 
graphical user interface GUI. Id. ¶¶ 75, 77. For proper alignment of the 
treatment beam pattern, an alignment beam may be projected onto the target 
tissue with visible light. Id. ¶ 73. “This allows the surgeon to adjust the 
size, location, and shape of the treatment pattern.” Id. Cutting of ocular 
tissue is determined by scanning patterns that can be circular and spiral, with 
a vertical step similar to the length of the rupture zone. Id. ¶ 68. 
Blumenkranz explains that although the primary discussion is of using 
the described system for capsulotomy and fragmenting the lens of the eye, 
the techniques described in the patent application “may be used to perform 
new ophthalmic procedures or improve existing procedures, including 
anterior and posterior capsulotomy, lens fragmentation and softening, 
dissection of tissue in the posterior pole (floaters, membranes, retina), as 
well as incisions in other areas of the eye such as, but not limited to, the 
sclera and iris.” Id. ¶ 71. 
2. 
Analysis: Claim 1 
Petitioner contends that Blumenkranz discloses a scanning system for 
cataract surgery that can “treat target tissue in one or more of the cornea, 
limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye.” Pet. 33 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 8, 11, 21, 
45, 71, 74). Petitioner further contends that the system of Blumenkranz has 
a treatment light source for generating a treatment light beam, as well as a 
scanner for deflecting the light beam to form treatment patterns under the 
control of a controller, with the scanner programmed to deliver multiple 
treatment patterns to target tissue, including the sclera of the patient’s eye. 
Id. at 34–35, 37 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 45, 57, 68, 71, 73). Petitioner concedes 
that Blumenkranz does not disclose delivering either a cataract incision that 
only partially penetrates the target tissue or a relaxation incision, but 

--- Page 48 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
48 
contends that such incisions are taught in Kurtz (cataract incision) and 
Weikert (cataract and relaxation incisions). Id. at 36–37. 
Petitioner contends that one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
sought to make cataract and relaxing incisions using Blumenkranz’s system 
because “those in the art had already recognized that laser systems delivered 
more accurate and precise incisions to ocular tissue, without the risk of 
tearing.” Id. at 32. Petitioner further contends that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have sought to use partially penetrating cataract incisions in 
Blumenkranz in view of Kurtz’s disclosure that such incisions protect the 
eye from environmental contaminants and infection when made in less-than-
sterile environments. Id. at 31 (citing Ex. 1018 ¶ 14). 
Patent Owner contends Petitioner’s arguments are not persuasive 
because (1) Blumenkranz does not teach or suggest the claimed incisions, 
and (2) one of ordinary skill in the art would not have modified 
Blumenkranz’s laser system to make the cataract incisions disclosed in 
Kurtz and Weikert for multiple reasons. PO Resp. 18–19. We address 
Patent Owner’s arguments below. 
a) 
Whether Blumenkranz Teaches or Suggests a Cataract Laser 
Designed to Cut the Claimed Tissue Types 
Patent Owner argues that Petitioner’s grounds based on Blumenkranz 
rely upon using the disclosed system to form incisions in the cornea of a 
patient’s eye, yet Blumenkranz does not disclose making incisions in corneal 
tissue. PO Resp. 19–20 (citing Pet. 31–32; Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 105–106, 108; 
Ex. 2062 ¶¶ 137–142). And, although Blumenkranz mentions different 
tissue types, such as the sclera and iris, Patent Owner asserts that these tissue 
types are all “well behind the cornea.” PO Resp. 20–23. 

--- Page 49 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
49 
Petitioner argues in response that “the claims do not require corneal 
incisions, but [rather] incisions in ‘sclera’ tissue and ‘along or near limbus 
tissue.’” Pet. Reply 7 (citing Ex. 1004, 14:15–24 (claim 1)). And, because 
“Blumenkranz expressly teaches treating the sclera and iris,” Petitioner 
contends that “every claimed region is within the limits of Blumenkranz’s 
system.” Id. (citing Ex. 1017 ¶ 71; Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 14–15; Ex. 1074, 108:7–23, 
104:4–15; Ex. 1070 ¶¶ 21–24). 
Patent Owner argues in its Sur-Reply that the Petition consistently 
asserts that the cataract incision and relaxation incisions would have been 
made in the cornea of a patient’s eye and now, in Reply, Petitioner has 
impermissibly shifted course to assert that the identified incisions could be 
made in limbal or scleral tissue. Sur-Reply 5–6 (citing Pet. 36–37). Patent 
Owner further argues that relaxation incisions are typically formed in the 
“peripheral to mid peripheral cornea,” and by 2008 “sclera [cataract] 
incisions were not used at all.” Id. at 6 (citing Ex. 2065, 82:12–17, 225:12–
18, 223:14–225:11; Ex. 1019, 14). 
The evidence of record demonstrates that cataract incisions and 
relaxation incisions were well known in the art. Ex. 1001 ¶ 23; Ex. 2063 
¶¶ 30, 33; Ex. 1019, 227; Ex. 1004, 12:19–24. For example, Weikert 
expressly discloses that corneal incisions are made during cataract surgery 
and that these incisions can “induce astigmatism by flattening the meridian 
on which the incision is centered.” Ex. 1019, 227. To treat this induced 
astigmatism, Weikert also expressly discloses using relaxing incisions. Id. at 
228. 
The evidence of record also demonstrates that it was understood in the 
art that cataract incisions and relaxing incisions could be made in any of the 
cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye. Ex. 1001 ¶ 22 

--- Page 50 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
50 
(Dr. Lubatschowski testifying that cataract incisions may be made in the 
cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye); Ex. 2004 ¶ 18 (Dr. Hatch 
testifying that “[d]uring cataract surgery, the surgeon makes a cataract 
incision in the overlying cornea, limbus, or sclera” of a patient’s eye); 
Ex. 2063 ¶ 33 (Dr. Hatch noting that cataract incisions in the sclera were 
known, but are a “less common” form of incision); Ex. 1004, 12:22–24 (the 
’023 patent expressly disclosing that “as is known in the art,” “relaxing 
incisions may be made in the limbus 408, or sclera 410”); see Koninklijke 
Philips N.V. v. Google LLC, 948 F.3d 1330, 1339 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (noting 
that it is appropriate to consider admission in a patent’s specification “when 
assessing whether [the] patent’s claims would have been obvious”). 
Finally, we find that Petitioner sufficiently argued in its briefing that 
one of ordinary skill in the art would have used Blumenkranz’s system to 
make cataract and relaxing incisions in any of the cornea, limbus, or sclera 
of a patient’s eye. For example, the Petition expressly states that 
Blumenkranz discloses a delivery system that could be used to deliver a 
cataract incision in the sclera of a patient’s eye. Pet. 34–35 (citing Ex. 1001 
¶¶ 68, 71, 200). Dr. Lubatschowski also testifies in support of the Petition 
that a person of ordinary skill in the art “would have used Blumenkranz’s 
system to deliver a first treatment pattern to the cornea, limbus, or sclera to 
form a cataract incision.” Ex. 1001 ¶ 200. 
With respect to relaxing incisions, Dr. Lubatschowski testifies that the 
relaxation incision could be made “along or near limbus tissue” or in “other 
target tissue,” as opposed to “along corneal tissue.” Ex. 1001 ¶ 201; 
Pet. 36–37. The sclera is a tissue type that is not corneal tissue and is “near 
limbus tissue.” See, e.g., Ex. 2062 ¶ 21 (Dr. Kang describing the tissues of 
the eye and their relative locations); Ex. 2063 ¶ 14 (Dr. Hatch describing the 

--- Page 51 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
51 
basic anatomy of the eye). Moreover, the ’023 patent concedes that it was 
known in the art to make relaxing incisions in either the cornea, limbus, or 
sclera of a patient’s eye. Ex. 1004, 12:22–24. 
As noted by Patent Owner, after discussing the various disclosures of 
Blumenkranz and Swinger, the Petition asserts that “[b]ased on these 
teachings, it would have been obvious [for a person of ordinary skill in the 
art] to use Blumenkranz’s system to create a corneal incision that provides 
access for lens removal instrumentation.” Pet. 36 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶ 200); 
Sur-Reply 5. Patent Owner contends this assertion led it to address only the 
question of whether Blumenkranz could be used for corneal incisions, not 
whether the system of Blumenkranz would have been used to form cataract 
incisions in the limbus or sclera. Tr. 113:20–115:6. 
We agree that the Petition could have been clearer on this point. 
However, at the beginning of the section cited by Patent Owner, Petitioner 
expressly asserts that Blumenkranz could be used to target the sclera of a 
patient’s eye to form a cataract incision. Pet. 34–35 (“Additionally, these 
treatment patterns can be delivered to the sclera, which is ‘near limbus 
tissue’ (as claimed)”). Consistent with this disclosure, and in the section 
identified by Patent Owner, Petitioner cites repeatedly to 
Dr. Lubatschowski’s testimony that a person of ordinary skill in the art 
would have used Blumenkranz’s system to deliver a cataract incision in any 
of the cornea, limbus, or sclera. Ex. 1001 ¶ 200. These arguments in the 
Petition reasonably put Patent Owner on notice that Petitioner was relying 
on the ability of Blumenkranz’s system to perform cataract incisions in any 
of the cornea, limbus, or sclera of a patient’s eye. See Ex. 1001 ¶ 107 
(Dr. Lubatschowski testifying that “another well-known aspect of cataract 

--- Page 52 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
52 
surgery involves incisions to the cornea, sclera, or limbus to provide a 
surgeon access to the inner eye chamber”). 
As the sclera is a claimed tissue type for both types of incisions, and it 
is undisputed that Blumenkranz is capable of forming incisions in the sclera, 
we find that Petitioner persuasively demonstrates that the system of 
Blumenkranz is capable of performing the claimed cataract and relaxing 
incisions in the sclera, a claimed tissue type. 
b) 
Whether a Person of Ordinary Skill in the Art Would have Modified 
Blumenkranz’s Laser System 
Patent Owner argues that one of ordinary skill in the art would not 
have modified Blumenkranz to perform incisions in the cornea because 
Blumenkranz’s laser would have been unacceptable for such incisions. PO 
Resp. 23. Patent Owner reasons that “Blumenkranz uses low focusing 
precision and high laser energy, while corneal incisions require high 
focusing precision and low laser energy.” Id. at 23–24 (citing Ex. 2062 
¶¶ 90–95, 149–183). 
This argument is not persuasive in this case because Petitioner is not 
relying only on incisions in the cornea. Rather, for the reasons set forth 
above, Petitioner contends cataract incisions and relaxation incisions could 
have and would have be made in any of the claimed tissue types, i.e., the 
cornea, limbus, and sclera. 
3. 
Forming Weikert’s Manual Incisions with Blumenkranz’s Laser 
Patent Owner contends that Petitioner’s argument that one of ordinary 
skill in the art would have formed Weikert’s manual incisions using 
Blumenkranz’s laser in view of improved accuracy and precision falls apart 
upon closer examination. PO Resp. 32 (citing Pet. 31–32). Patent Owner 
contends Dr. Lubatschowski could not identify “the advantages and 

--- Page 53 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
53 
disadvantages, from a clinical perspective, of using a blade versus a laser for 
a surface cut,” and testified on cross-examination that the precision of lasers 
compared to manual blade methods “depends on the situation,” and as a 
“non-ophthalmologist,” he did not want to “make any judgement calls.” Id. 
at 32–33 (citing Ex. 2041, 107:8–22, 108:3–7 and quoting Ex. 2041, 109:9–
15). 
Patent Owner also contends that Weikert’s manual incisions provide 
“predictable and reproducible incision profiles,” and are “effective,” “low-
cost and low-risk.” Id. at 32. And, given Dr. Lubatschowski’s inability to 
identify specific advantage of laser incisions over manual incisions, Patent 
Owner argues that “[a] skilled artisan would have had no motivation to 
undertake the expensive task of redesigning Blumenkranz’s laser delivery 
optics.” Id. 
Petitioner argues in its Reply that because lasers were known to 
perform some aspects of cataract surgery, a person of ordinary skill in the art 
“would have been motivated to improve all aspects of cataract surgery, 
including Weikert’s relaxing incisions.” Pet. Reply 14. According to 
Petitioner, there was a consistent, acknowledged progression in the art from 
manual to more precise laser methods, and there was “general excitement 
and optimism over how manual procedures could be improved by replacing 
them with lasers.” Id. at 15. 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner argues that the idea that skilled 
artisans would have used lasers for “all aspects” of cataract surgery is 
“[n]onsense,” as “[e]ven today, ophthalmologists perform the claimed 
incisions manually, even while performing other aspects of cataract surgery 
with a laser.” Sur-Reply 17 (citing Ex. 2065, 85:3–8; Ex. 1074, 50:17–
55:4). And, given the “effective,” “low-cost,” “reproducible,” and “low-

--- Page 54 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
54 
risk” manual blade methods discussed in Weikert, Petitioner contends there 
was simply no need or desire to implement laser based surgical systems for 
these incisions. Id. at 17–18. 
On this record, we find that there was a consistent progression in the 
art towards performing all aspects of eye surgery using lasers. For example, 
Weikert discloses that “the advent of excimer laser surgery has led to a 
tremendous decrease” in manual corneal incisions to correct refractive error. 
Ex. 1019, 217. Indeed, “[a]s technological advances continue” in various 
laser surgery techniques, including “crystalline lens removal,” Weikert asks: 
“Is there a future role for refractive keratotomy in modern refractive 
surgery?” Id. 
We further find that the consistent push to perform various incisions 
in the eye using a laser was based on the view that such incisions are more 
precise and accurate than manual incisions performed by a surgeon. 
Consistent with this conclusion, Blumenkranz discloses a laser surgery 
system that allows “rapid and precise openings in the lens capsule and 
fragmentation of the lens nucleus and cortex” using “3-dimensional 
patterned laser cutting.” Ex. 1017 ¶ 9. Similarly, Swinger discloses a 
femtosecond laser system that can perform corneal and lens procedures, and 
states that prior art mechanical and manual incisions in the cornea were 
unable to “precisely and reproducibly cut living corneal tissue with a 
minimum of trauma to the cornea.” Ex. 1021, 6:59–64, 8:55–57, 34:30–67, 
Fig. 15A1 (comparing the smooth contoured incision of the invention to the 
irregular opening created using manual techniques). In contrast to those 
manual techniques, Swinger discloses that its laser surgery system allows for 
“accurate control of tissue removal.” Id. at 9:1–6. 

--- Page 55 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
55 
Consistent with the disclosures of the prior art, Dr. Lubatschowski 
testifies that laser-surgical incisions are “accurate and precise.” Ex. 1001 
¶¶ 91, 130, 177. Likewise, Dr. Hatch and Dr. Kang testify that femtosecond 
laser surgery allows for incisions to be performed in an accurate and 
“precise way.” Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 27, 60 (noting that Kurtz’s laser creates “a 
precise incision in the cornea”); Ex. 2062 ¶ 33 (Dr. Kang testifying that 
nanosecond laser pulses can provide “accurate, nonthermal ablation”). 
Thus, we find persuasive Petitioner’s argument that one of ordinary skill in 
the art would have sought to use Blumenkranz’s laser system to create 
cataract and relaxation incisions. 
Often, cataract incisions and relaxation incisions are made in the 
cornea of the eye. Dr. Lubatschowski testifies, however, that it was 
understood in the art that access to the anterior chamber can be 
accomplished through incisions in any of the cornea, limbus, or sclera of the 
eye. Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 22, 117, 200. Likewise, Dr. Hatch testifies that cataract 
incisions in the sclera were known in the art. Ex. 2063 ¶¶ 30, 33 (noting that 
cataract incisions in the sclera were known, but “less common”). As such, 
we find that one of ordinary skill in the art would have understood that 
Blumenkranz’s system was capable of making the corneal and relaxation 
incisions generally discussed in Weikert in the sclera of a patient’s eye, and 
would have sought to do so as this is a known tissue type in which to place 
cataract and relaxing incisions. See Ex. 1004, 12:22–24 (“Likewise, as is 
known in the art, such relaxing incisions may be made in the limbus 408, or 
sclera 410.”). 
4. 
Conclusion with Respect to Independent Claim 1 
In view of the foregoing, and upon review of the parties’ arguments 
and evidence as a whole, we find that Blumenkranz, Weikert, and Kurtz, 

--- Page 56 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
56 
when considered in light of the knowledge of one of ordinary skill in the art, 
teach or suggest every limitation of claim 1 of the ’023 patent. Petitioner 
also persuasively explains why one of ordinary skill in the art would have 
sought to combine the disclosures of these references to arrive at the subject 
matter of claim 1 with a reasonable expectation of success. Thus, Petitioner 
demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that the subject matter of 
claim 1 would have been obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert. 
5. 
Analysis: Claims 2–6, 8, and 10 
Petitioner presents evidence that Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert 
teach or suggest every limitation of claims 2–6, 8, and 10. In particular, 
Petitioner presents evidence that: Blumenkranz is capable of delivering two 
treatment patterns simultaneously, such as the identified cataract and 
relaxing incisions (claim 2) (id. at 37–38 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶ 101; Ex. 1019, 
12; Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 204–205)); Weikert discloses relaxing incisions that only 
partially extend through the target tissue (claim 3) (id. at 38–39 (citing 
Ex. 1019, 217–218, 228)); Blumenkranz discloses a profilometer, in the 
form of an OCT device,11 that could be used to control the formation of the 
relaxation incisions (claim 4) (id. at 39–40 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 56, 68, 74, 
78, 85)); Blumenkranz discloses a detector for measuring scattering 
properties from different locations of a patient’s eye (claim 5) (id. at 40 
(citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 74, 78, 85)); Blumenkranz discloses an aiming light 
beam that may be deflected to form an aiming pattern that is delivered to 
target tissue and visually indicates the position of a treatment pattern on the 
 
11 Petitioner argues that the “profilometer” of the ’023 patent may take many 
forms, including an interferometer, which encompasses an OCT device. 
Pet. 39 n.7 (citing Ex. 1004, 11:55–60); Ex. 1051, 4 (Patent Owner alleging 
in its infringement allegations that an OCT device is a “profilometer”). 

--- Page 57 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
57 
patient’s eye (claim 6 and 10) (id. at 40–41 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 45, 75, 77, 
84, 85, Figs. 11–12)); and Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert teach or 
suggest every limitation of independent claim 8 (id. at 42–45). 
Patent Owner does not directly address these claims, beyond its 
arguments with respect to independent claim 1. 
Upon review of the evidence and arguments presented by the parties, 
we determine that Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the 
evidence that claims 2–6, 8, and 10 would have been obvious over the 
combined disclosures of Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert. 
6. 
Analysis: Claims 7 and 11 
Claims 7 and 11 depend from independent claims 1 and 8, 
respectively, and further require a camera for capturing an image of the 
target tissue, a display device for displaying the captured image, and a 
graphic user interface “for modifying a composition and location of at least 
one of the first and second treatment patterns on the patient’s eye.” 
Ex. 1004, 14:49–54, 15:32–37. 
Petitioner argues that Blumenkranz’s system has a camera for 
capturing an image of the target tissue, a display device, and a graphic user 
interface for modifying the composition and location of a treatment 
pattern(s). Pet. 41–42 (citing Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 77, 88, Figs. 11, 12, 14). 
Patent Owner argues in response that the GUI disclosed in 
paragraph 77 of Blumenkranz is a system for generically processing user 
input, and not a GUI that allows a user to modify a compostion and location 
of a treatment pattern. PO Resp. 58–59. Patent Owner further argues that 
Figures 11, 12, and 14 of Blumenkranz merely depict the GUI generically, 
with no disclosure of the capabilities of the GUI. Id. at 58. Patent Owner 
acknowledges that Dr. Lubatschowski also cites to Kurtz and Weikert for 

--- Page 58 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
58 
this claim limitation, but contends theories set forth in an expert declaration 
that are not incorporated or made in the Petition must be disregarded. Id. at 
58–59. 
Petitioner argues in its Reply that there is no dispute that 
Blumenkranz discloses a GUI with the claimed functionality, as is expressly 
set forth in paragraph 77 of Blumenkranz, and that paragraph 73 of 
Blumenkranz confirms this by unambiguously disclosing that the GUI of 
Blumenkranz allows a surgeon to modify the composition and location of a 
treatment pattern. Pet. Reply 29–30 (citing Ex. 1073, 198:13–199:14; 
Ex. 1017 ¶¶ 73, 88, Fig. 15; Ex. 1001 ¶ 212). And, although paragraph 73 of 
Blumenkranz is cited only in Dr. Lubatschowski’s declaration, Petitioner 
contends it is acceptable to cite additional paragraphs of a reference in a 
Reply to respond to arguments raised in the Patent Owner Response. Id. at 
29 n.13. 
In its Sur-Reply, Patent Owner asserts that the new paragraph of 
Blumenkranz (paragraph 73) may not be relied upon in the Reply but, in any 
event, it does not cure the deficiencies in the Petition because it only 
discusses an alignment beam/pattern, which Patent Owner contends is not a 
description of the GUI. Sur-Reply 28 (citing Ex. 1073, 291:20–25, 280:4–
281:3). 
Blumenkranz discloses a camera, a display device, and a GUI. 
Ex. 1017 ¶ 77, Fig. 11, 12, 14. In Blumenkranz, an aiming beam may be 
directed to the patient’s eye and displayed on a screen, “such as a graphical 
user interface.” Id. ¶ 77. Blumenkranz also discloses that the alignment 
beam allows “the surgeon to adjust the size, location and shape of the 
treatment pattern[s].” Id. ¶ 73. When considered in combination, we agree 
with Petitioner that paragraphs 73 and 77 would indicate to one of ordinary 

--- Page 59 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
59 
skill in the art that the GUI of Blumenkranz allows a surgeon to “adjust the 
size, location and shape of the treatment pattern[s].” Id. ¶¶ 73, 77. Thus, we 
find that Blumenkranz discloses the subject matter of claims 7 and 11. 
We further find that Petitioner did not shift its argument in Reply and 
that it was not improper to point out, in responding to Patent Owner’s 
arguments, further disclosures of Blumenkranz—discussing the same 
general embodiment identified in the Petition—that confirm the assertion in 
the Petition that Blumenkranz teaches or suggests a camera, a display 
device, and a GUI that allows a surgeon to adjust the size and location of a 
treatment pattern. See Apple Inc. v. Andrea Elects. Corp., 949 F.3d 697, 
706–707 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (explaining that a petitioner may introduce new 
evidence in reply, as long as petition does not raise a new legal argument 
and is a legitimate reply to evidence introduced by the patent owner). 
Accordingly, Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert teach or suggest every 
limitation of claims 7 and 11. 
7. 
Analysis: Claim 17 
Claim 17 depends from claim 1 and further requires a third incision 
pattern that is formed in “corneal tissue that provides access to the eye 
chamber of the patient’s eye.” Ex. 1004, 16:45–48. The parties contest 
whether one of skill in the art would have used Blumenkranz’s laser surgery 
system to form incisions in the cornea of a patient’s eye. PO Resp. 20–32; 
Pet. Reply 7–9, 27–28. 
Given our determination that claim 17 would have been obvious over 
the combination of Kurtz, Swinger, and Weikert, we do not address this 
additional ground directed towards claim 17. 

--- Page 60 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
60 
8. 
Conclusion with Respect to Claims 1–8, 10, and 11 
For the reasons set forth above, we determine that Petitioner 
demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1–8, 10, and 11 
would have been obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert. We do 
not address Petitioner’s further assertion that claim 17 would have been 
obvious over this combination of references. 
H. 
Claims 4, 9 and 12–16 over Blumenkranz, 
 Kurtz, Weikert, and Benedikt 
Petitioner contends the subject matter of claims 4, 9, and 12–16 would 
have been obvious over the combined disclosures of Blumenkranz, Kurtz, 
Weikert, and Benedikt. Pet. 45–51. 
1. 
Reason to Combine 
Petitioner argues that “Benedikt recognized that single-measurement 
systems have inherent deficiencies,” and that “an accurate understanding of 
the target anatomy is essential to ophthalmic surgery systems.” Pet. 46 
(citing Ex. 1020 ¶ 39). Petitioner contends that one of ordinary skill in the 
art would have been motivated to modify the system of Blumenkranz to 
have multiple independent imaging and profiling subsystems (as taught by 
Benedikt), “in order to better produce ‘both the entire substantial surface 
topography of the cornea and also at least one optical property of the layers 
of the eye disposed under the cornea.’” Id. at 46–47. Petitioner contends 
this combination would provide “the surgeon or practitioner a more accurate 
representation of the patient’s eye tissues and layers, before, during, and 
after surgery.” Id. at 47 (citing Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 142–147). 
Patent Owner contends that the benefits of a dual topometer/OCT 
imaging system that are reported in Benedikt are to help compensate for any 
OCT measurement errors caused by accidental eye movement, which is not 

--- Page 61 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
61 
applicable to Blumenkranz’s laser system. PO Resp. 36 (citing Ex. 1020 
¶¶ 15, 17; Ex. 2062 ¶¶ 113, 218–219). This is because, according to Patent 
Owner, cataract surgery requires eye fixation. Id. at 36–37 (citing Ex. 2041, 
115:15–22; Ex. 2009, 5; Ex. 2023, 4). 
Patent Owner further contends that Petitioner fails to show that 
Benedikt’s profilometer would improve over Blumenkranz’s OCT imaging 
system, which was a precise and accurate way to image a patient’s eye for 
laser cataract surgery. Ex. 1017 ¶ 57. 
Petitioner argues in Reply that the only embodiment disclosed in the 
’023 patent with a profilometer also includes an eye fixation device. 
Pet. Reply 16 (citing Ex. 2062 ¶ 230). Petitioner contends “[t]his indicates a 
[person of ordinary skill in the art] would have known how to use a 
profilometer with a laser cataract surgery system and whether or not to use 
eye fixation.” Id. With respect to Patent Owner’s arguments regarding the 
lack of additional benefit over Benedikt’s OCT system, Petitioner argues 
that Benedikt’s topometer is still beneficial when the eye is not fixated, or 
for use in pre- and post-surgery analysis, which was confirmed by Dr. Hatch 
who testifies that there is a “huge benefit to topography” because it provides 
“so much clinical information.” Id. at 17–18 (citing Ex. 1074, 246:8–
249:18, 234:20–235:21, 237:25–238:10, 248:17–249:9). 
It is undisputed that Benedikt’s topometer/OCT would provide 
“previously unattainable comprehensive topometrical/topographical 
illustration of the cornea,” which can be used for planning incisions in the 
eye. Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 39, 46. Although Benedikt discusses the use of 
topographical data with OCT to compensate for eye movement (Ex. 1020 
¶¶ 15, 17), the benefits discussed in Benedikt are not limited to this use, nor 
does Petitioner rely on this benefit for its reasons to combine. Ex. 1020 

--- Page 62 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
62 
¶¶ 43–44. Nor does Petitioner limit its reliance on Benedikt to the use of the 
topometer during surgery. Pet. 46–47 (Petitioner arguing that the system of 
Benedikt would be valuable to a practitioner “before, during, and after 
surgery”); Pet. Reply 17–18. Finally, Dr. Hatch confirms the value of 
topometric data for eye surgery, even when OCT data is available. 
Ex. 1074, 246:8–249:18 (Dr. Hatch testifying that “there’s a huge benefit to 
topography,” even when OCT data is available). 
Given the known advantages of a topometer/OCT for eye surgery, we 
credit the testimony of Dr. Lubatschowski that one of ordinary skill in the art 
would have sought to implement Benedikt’s dual topometer/OCT imaging in 
the system of Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert. Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 142–149; 
Ex. 1069 ¶¶ 49, 52–55. We also credit the testimony of Dr. Lubatschowski 
that one of ordinary skill in the art would have had a reasonable expectation 
of success in combining Benedikt in the system of Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and 
Weikert, especially in view of the lack of any specific disclosure in the 
’023 patent as to how the claimed system would successfully incorporate a 
profilometer in combination with eye fixation. Ex. 1001 ¶ 149; Ex. 1069 
¶¶ 53–55. 
2. 
Analysis: Claim 4 
Claim 4 depends from claim 1 and further requires a profilometer for 
measuring a surface profile of a surface of the cornea of a patient’s eye, 
“wherein the controller controls the formation of the second treatment 
pattern by the scanner in response to the measured surface profile.” 
Ex. 1004, 14:33–37. Petitioner contends that Benedikt discloses a 
profilometer for measuring the surface profile of the cornea of a patient’s 
eye. Pet. 48 (citing Ex. 1020 ¶¶ 29–31). And, because topometers measure 
astigmatism, Petitioner contends that one of ordinary skill in the art would 

--- Page 63 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
63 
have sought “to program the controller” of Blumenkranz “to control the 
formation of the second treatment pattern,” which is a relaxing incision 
intended to treat astigmatism. Id. at 48–49. 
Patent Owner does not directly address Petitioner’s arguments with 
respect to claim 4, apart from its arguments addressed above regarding the 
motivation to combine Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, and Benedikt. 
Upon review of Petitioner’s arguments and supporting evidence, we 
determine that Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claim 4 would have been obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, 
and Benedikt. 
3. 
Analysis: Claim 9 
Claim 9 depends from claim 8 and further requires a profilometer for 
measuring a surface profile of a surface of the cornea, a detector for 
measuring scattering properties from different locations on the patient’s eye, 
and using the acquired data when forming the first and second treatment 
patterns. Ex. 1004, 15:15–25. 
Petitioner contends that Benedikt discloses a dual topometer/OCT 
imaging system with a profilometer for measuring the surface profile of the 
cornea, a detector for measuring scattering properties of a patient’s eye, and 
then using the acquired data for automated corneal surgery. Pet. 49. 
Petitioner further contends that given the detail provided by Benedikt’s 
imaging system, one of ordinary skill in the art would have found it obvious, 
“when utilizing a detector and profilometer in the system disclosed by 
Blumenkranz, to program the controller to control the formation of the first 
and second treatment patterns in response to the measured profiles and 
scattering properties.” Id. (citing Ex. 1001 ¶¶ 228–229). 

--- Page 64 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
64 
Patent Owner does not directly address Petitioner’s arguments 
regarding claim 9. 
Upon review of Petitioner’s arguments and supporting evidence, we 
determine that Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence 
that claim 9 would have been obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, 
and Benedikt. 
4. 
Analysis—Claims 12–16 
Independent claim 12 is similar to independent claim 1, but requires a 
profilometer that measures a surface profile of a surface of the cornea of a 
patient’s eye and then uses this information to control the formation of the 
second treatment pattern. Ex. 1004, 15:46–50. Claims 13–16 depend from 
claim 12 and add various limitations relating to how the first and second 
treatment patterns are formed (claims 13 and 14), the use of an aiming beam 
(claim 15), and the use of a camera, display, and graphic user interface for 
modifying a composition and location of at least one of the first and second 
treatment patterns (claim 16). Id. at 16:25–45. 
Petitioner contends the combination of Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, 
and Benedikt teaches or suggests the limitations of claims 12–16. Pet. 49–
51. With respect to the limitations of claim 16, Petitioner relies on its 
arguments set forth above with respect to the combination of Blumenkranz, 
Kurtz, and Weikert. Id. at 41–42, 51. 
Patent Owner does not address Petitioner’s arguments for claims 12–
15, but contends Petitioner’s arguments with respect to claim 16 fail for the 
same reasons addressed above with respect to the combination of 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert (addressed with respect to claims 7 and 11 
above). PO Resp. 59. 

--- Page 65 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
65 
With respect to claims 12–15, upon review of parties’ arguments and 
supporting evidence, we determine that Petitioner demonstrates by a 
preponderance of the evidence that these claims would have been obvious 
over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, and Benedikt. With respect to claim 16, 
for the reasons discussed above with respect to the combination of 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and Weikert (claims 7 and 11), we determine that 
Petitioner demonstrates by a preponderance of the evidence that this claim 
also would have been obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, Weikert, and 
Benedikt. 
III. 
CONCLUSION12 
In summary: 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
1–8, 10, 
11, 1713 
103(a) 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, 
Weikert 
1–8, 10, 11 
 
4, 9, 12–
16 
103(a) 
Blumenkranz, Kurtz, 
Weikert, Benedikt 
4, 9, 12–16 
 
1–3, 6, 
17 
103(a) 
Kurtz, Swinger, 
Weikert 
1–3, 6, 17 
 
 
12 Should Patent Owner wish to pursue amendment of the challenged claims 
in a reissue or reexamination proceeding subsequent to the issuance of this 
decision, we draw Patent Owner’s attention to the April 2019 Notice 
Regarding Options for Amendments by Patent Owner Through Reissue or 
Reexamination During a Pending AIA Trial Proceeding. See 84 Fed. Reg. 
16,654 (Apr. 22, 2019). If Patent Owner chooses to file a reissue application 
or a request for reexamination of the challenged patent, we remind Patent 
Owner of its continuing obligation to notify the Board of any such related 
matters in updated mandatory notices. See 37 C.F.R. § 42.8(a)(3), (b)(2). 
13 For the reasons set forth above, we do not address Petitioner’s argument 
that claim 17 would have been obvious over Blumenkranz, Kurtz, and 
Weikert. 

--- Page 66 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
66 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims Not 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
4, 5, 7–
16 
103(a) Kurtz, Swinger, 
Weikert, Benedikt 
4, 5, 7–16 
 
Overall Outcome 1–17 
 
 
VI. ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that claims 1–17 of the ’023 patent are unpatentable; 
 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
parties to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 

--- Page 67 ---
IPR2021-00843 
Patent 9,233,023 B2 
67 
PETITIONER: 
Gregg F. LoCascio 
W. Todd Baker 
Noah S. Frank 
KIRKLAND & ELLIS LLP 
gregg.locascio@kirkland.com 
todd.baker@kirkland.com 
noah.frank@kirkland.com 
 
PATENT OWNER: 
Michael Morin 
Jonathan Strang 
Giri Pathmanaban 
Susan Tull 
Inge A. Osman 
Allison Harms 
Roger Chin 
LATHAM & WATKINS LLP 
michael.morin@lw.com 
jonathan.strang@lw.com 
giri.pathmanabn@lw.com 
susan.tull@lw.com 
inge.osman@lw.com 
allison.harms@lw.com 
roger.chin@lw.com