--- Page 1 ---
Trials@uspto.gov 
Paper 38 
571-272-7822 
Date: May 25, 2023 
 
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE 
 
BEFORE THE PATENT TRIAL AND APPEAL BOARD 
 
TRANSGENE and BIOINVENT INTERNATIONAL AB, 
Petitioner, 
v. 
REPLIMUNE LIMITED, 
Patent Owner. 
 
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
 
Before CHRISTOPHER G. PAULRAJ, RYAN H. FLAX, and 
JAMIE T. WISZ, Administrative Patent Judges. 
PAULRAJ, Administrative Patent Judge. 
 
 
 
JUDGMENT 
Final Written Decision 
Determining No Challenged Claims Unpatentable 
35 U.S.C. § 328(a) 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
2 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
This is our Final Written Decision pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 328(a) in 
the above-captioned proceeding. For the reasons explained herein, we 
determine that Transgene and BioInvent International AB (collectively, 
“Petitioner”) have not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
challenged claim 13 of U.S. Patent 10,947,513 B2 (Ex. 1001, “the ’513 
patent”) is unpatentable. 
A. 
Background 
On December 15, 2021, Petitioner filed a Petition requesting post-
grant review of claims 1–8 and 10–26 of the ’513 patent. Paper 1 (“Pet.”). 
Replimune Limited (“Patent Owner”) filed a Preliminary Response to the 
Petition. Paper 8 (“Prelim. Resp.”). As part of its Preliminary Response, 
Patent Owner included a Statutory Disclaimer of claims 1–8, 10–12, and 14–
26 of the ’513 patent, leaving claim 13 as the sole remaining challenged 
claim in this proceeding. Prelim. Resp. 1; Ex. 2001. Pursuant to our 
authorization, Petitioner filed a Preliminary Reply addressing Patent 
Owner’s arguments for discretionary denial under 35 U.S.C. § 325(d). Paper 
12 (“Prelim. Reply”). Patent Owner also filed a list of improper Preliminary 
Reply arguments. Paper 13. 
In view of Patent Owner’s Statutory Disclaimer, we treat claims 1–8, 
10–12, and 14–26 as having never been part of the ’513 patent, such that 
Petitioner cannot seek post-grant review of those claims. See Vectra Fitness, 
Inc. v. TNWK Corp., 162 F.3d 1379, 1383 (Fed. Cir. 1998) (“This court has 
interpreted the term ‘considered as part of the original patent’ in section 253 
to mean that the patent is treated as though the disclaimed claims never 
existed.”) (citing Guinn v. Kopf, 96 F.3d 1419, 1422 (Fed. Cir. 1996)); 
37 C.F.R. § 42.207(e) (“No post-grant review will be instituted based on 

--- Page 3 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
3 
disclaimed claims.”). On June 16, 2022, upon consideration of the 
information presented in the Petition, the Preliminary Response, the 
Preliminary Reply, and Patent Owner’s list of improper Preliminary Reply 
arguments, we instituted a post-grant review of the challenged claim. Paper 
16 (“Inst. Dec.”).1 
Following institution, Patent Owner filed a Response to the Petition 
(Paper 22, “PO Resp.”), Petitioner filed a Reply to Patent Owner’s Response 
(Paper 24, “Reply”), and Patent Owner filed a Sur-Reply (Paper 26, “Sur-
Reply”). On March 17, 2023, an oral argument was held in this proceeding, 
a transcript of which has been entered in the record. Paper 37 (“Tr.”). 
Following the oral argument, we authorized the parties to submit 
supplemental briefs on two recent decisions that bear on issues in this 
proceeding. Paper 34 (“Pet. Supp. Br.”); Paper 35 (“PO Supp. Br.”). 
B. 
Real Parties-in-Interest 
Petitioner identifies Transgene and BioInvent International AB as the 
real parties-in-interest (“RPI”). Pet. 1. Patent Owner identifies only itself as 
the RPI. Paper 6, 1. There is no dispute over RPIs in this proceeding. 
C. 
Related Matters 
The parties do not identify any related matters. See Pet. 2; Paper 6, 1. 
 
1 We based our decision to institute on the only remaining challenged claim 
(dependent claim 13), and thus did not substantively address the other claims 
challenged in the Petition. Inst. Dec. 3. Claim 13, however, depends upon 
claim 11, which in turn depends upon independent claim 1. As such, claim 
13 incorporates the limitations of claims 1 and 11. 35 U.S.C. § 112(d) (“A 
claim in dependent form shall be construed to incorporate by reference all 
the limitations of the claim to which it refers.”). As explained further below, 
notwithstanding the statutory disclaimer, the parties agree that it is necessary 
for us to first address the merits of the Petition’s challenge to claims 1 and 
11 before turning to the merits of claim 13. 

--- Page 4 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
4 
D. 
The ’513 Patent (Ex. 1001) 
The ’513 patent is titled “Engineered Virus.” Ex. 1001, code (54). 
The ’513 patent issued from application 16/068,830, filed January 9, 2017, 
and indicates foreign priority to three Great Britain applications filed 
January 8, 2016. Id. at codes (21), (22), (30). 
The Specification explains that a number of viruses are known for the 
oncolytic treatment of cancer. Id. at 2:9–11. Viruses may treat cancer by 
directly infecting tumor cells, and by generating an immune response against 
tumor cells not infected with the virus. See id. at 1:22–46. Such a virus is 
known as an “oncolytic virus,” which is defined in the Specification as “a 
virus that infects and replicates in tumor cells, such that the tumor cells are 
killed.” Id. at 9:10–12. Notably, oncolytic viruses should be disabled so 
that they are no longer pathogenic. See id. at 2:11–14. 
An oncolytic virus may be derived from various virus types, including 
herpes simplex virus (HSV). See id. at 2:9–11, 9:19–31. To allow for its 
use in the oncolytic treatment of cancer, “[a] number of disabling mutations 
to HSV, including disruption of the genes encoding [infected cell protein-
34.5 (‘ICP34.5’)], . . . have been identified which do not prevent the virus 
from replicating in culture or in tumor tissue in vivo, but which prevent 
significant replication in normal tissue.” Id. at 2:14–19. The Specification 
further describes HSV oncolytic viruses that deliver a therapeutic gene for 
treating cancer. Id. at 2:25–27. For example, the Specification describes 
clinical trials that tested an HSV encoding a heterologous gene for 
granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (“GM-CSF”) in place of 
the gene for ICP34.5. Id. at 2:27–31. Furthermore, the Specification 
describes combining such oncolytic immunotherapy with immune 
checkpoint blockers, such as agents targeting anti-cytotoxic T lymphocyte-

--- Page 5 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
5 
associated antigen-4 (“CTLA-4”), programmed cell death protein-1 (“PD-
1”), or programmed cell death protein ligand-1 (“PD-L1”). See id. at 2:49–
3:11. 
In view of this background, the ’513 patent discloses “oncolytic 
viruses expressing GM-CSF and at least one molecule targeting an immune 
co-stimulatory pathway.” Id. at 4:3–5. The immune co-stimulatory pathway 
activating molecule may include “a protein capable of blocking signaling 
through CTLA-4,” for example a CTLA-4 binding antibody. Id. at 4:65–67. 
“The virus is preferably [an HSV], such as HSV1” that “does not express 
functional ICP34.5.” Id. at 5:9–11. 
The ’513 patent discloses examples of viruses expressing GM-CSF 
and CTLA-4. See id. at 30:43–31:14. Specifically, the Specification 
describes fusogenic viruses expressing murine GM-CSF (“mGM-CSF”), 
gibbon ape leukemia virus (“GALV”), and anti-mouse and anti-human 
CTLA-4. Id. The viruses expressing GM-CSF and CTLA-4 are Virus 27 
and Virus 31, and their gene insertions are illustrated in Figures 5B, 5D, and 
13. Id. 
Figures 5B and 5D are reproduced, in part, below: 
 
 

--- Page 6 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
6 
Figures 5B and 5D “depict structures of HSV1 viruses modified by the 
deletion of ICP34.5 and ICP47 such that the US11 gene is under control of 
the ICP457 immediate early promoter and containing heterologous genes in 
the ICP34.5 locus.” Id. at 6:10–15. Figure 5B illustrates Virus 27. See id. 
at Fig. 5B. Figure 5D illustrates Virus 31. See id. at Fig. 5D. 
Figure 13 is reproduced below: 
 
Figure 13 “shows the structure of ICP34.5 and ICP47 deleted viruses 
expressing . . . GM-CSF and codon optimized anti-mouse or anti-human 
CTLA-4 antibody constructs,” and the resulting structure of the CTLA-4 
antibody. Id. at 7:9–17. 
 
The ’513 patent also discusses experiments comparing the effect of 
oncolytic viruses expressing anti-mouse CTLA-4 (Virus 27) or other 
immune co-stimulatory pathway activating molecules (Viruses 32, 33, and 
35) in addition to mGM-CSF and GALV as compared to Virus 16 (which 
expressed only mGM-CSF and GALV). Id. at 30:45–31:12 (Example 13). 
According to the Specification, tumors were induced in both the right and 
left flanks of mice, but the oncolytic virus was injected only into the right 

--- Page 7 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
7 
flank tumor. Id. at 31:5–12. The results are shown in Figure 16, reproduced 
below: 
 
Figure 16 shows the anti-tumor effects of, inter alia, Virus 27 compared to 
Virus 16 on the tumor diameter of the uninjected left flank tumors over a 
period of 30 study days. Id. at 7:37–41.2 
E. 
Illustrative Claims 
Petitioner challenges claim 13 of the ’513 patent, which depends on 
claim 11, which in turn depends on independent claim 1. We reproduce 
claims 1, 11, and 13 below: 
1. An oncolytic virus comprising: (i) a heterologous GM-
CSF-encoding gene; and (ii) a heterologous CTLA-4 inhibitor 
 
2 These results form the basis for Patent Owner’s unexpected results 
arguments, and are further discussed in our analysis below. 

--- Page 8 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
8 
encoding gene, wherein both heterologous genes are inserted into 
the genome of the virus. 
11. The virus of claim 1, which is a herpes simplex virus 
(HSV). 
13. The virus of claim 11, wherein the GM-CSF-encoding 
gene and the CTLA-4 inhibitor encoding gene are inserted into 
the ICP34.5 encoding locus, either by insertion, or partial or 
complete deletion, in a back to back orientation in relation to 
each other, each under separate regulatory control. 
Ex. 1001, 81:51–54; 83:17–18, 20–25. 
F. 
Prior Art and Asserted Grounds 
Petitioner asserts that claim 13 would have been unpatentable on the 
following grounds: 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §3 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1, 114 
102 
Silvestre5 
13 
103 
Silvestre 
 
3 The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (“AIA”), Pub. L. No. 112-29, 125 
Stat. 284 (2011), amended 35 U.S.C. § 102 and § 103, effective March 16, 
2013. Because the effective filing date of the challenged claims of the ’513 
patent is after this date, the AIA versions of § 102 and § 103 apply. 
4 Although claims 1 and 11 are disclaimed, we include and address the 
grounds upon which those claims were challenged in the Petition before 
turning to claim 13 because claim 13 includes the subject matter of claims 1 
and 11. See Intel Corp. v. PACT XPP Schweiz AG, 61 F.4th 1373, 1375 
(Fed. Cir. 2023) (“[T]o show that [the challenged dependent claim] was 
unpatentable, [petitioner] still had to demonstrate that the prior art taught all 
limitations in [the disclaimed independent claim] (in addition to the 
limitations added by [the dependent claim]) because [the dependent claim] 
includes all of the limitations of that underlying independent claim”); Tr. 
17:20–18:13 (Petitioner’s counsel acknowledging that Petitioner still had the 
burden to show that claims 1 and 11 were anticipated or rendered obvious 
based on the grounds set forth in the Petition for those claims). 
5 Silvestre et al., US 10,555,981 B2, issued Feb. 11, 2020 (Ex. 1002). 

--- Page 9 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
9 
Claim(s) Challenged 
35 U.S.C. §3 
Reference(s)/Basis 
1, 11, 13 
103 
Du6, Choi7, Zitvogel8 
Petitioner relies on the declaration of John C. Bell, Ph.D. (Ex. 1007). 
Patent Owner relies on the declaration of E. Antonio Chiocca, M.D., Ph.D. 
(Ex. 2009). 
II. 
DISCUSSION 
A. 
Legal Standards 
1. Anticipation 
In order to anticipate a combination invention, “disclosure of each 
element is not quite enough;” rather, “[a]nticipation requires the presence in 
a single prior art disclosure of all elements of a claimed invention arranged 
as in the claim.” Finisar Corp. v. DirecTV Grp., Inc., 523 F.3d 1323, 1334 
(Fed. Cir. 2008). That is, the prior art reference must “clearly and 
unequivocally disclose the claimed [invention] or direct [POSAs] to [it] 
without any need for picking, choosing, and combining various disclosures 
not directly related to each other by the teachings of the cited reference.” In 
re Arkley, 455 F.2d 586, 587 (CCPA 1972). “[A] reference can anticipate a 
claim even if it ‘does not expressly spell out’ all the limitations arranged or 
combined as in the claim, if a person of ordinary skill in the art, reading the 
reference, would ‘at once envisage’ the claimed arrangement or 
combination.” Kennametal, Inc. v. Ingersoll Cutting Tool Co., 780 F.3d 
 
6 T. Du et al., Tumor-specific oncolytic adenoviruses expressing granulocyte 
macrophage colony-stimulating factor or anti-CTLA4 antibody for the 
treatment of cancers, 21 CANCER GENE THERAPY 340–48 (2014) (Ex. 1003). 
7 K-J Choi et al., Concurrent delivery of GM-CSF and B7-1 using an 
oncolytic adenovirus elicits potent antitumor effect, 13 GENE THERAPY 
1010–20 (2006) (Ex. 1005). 
8 Zitvogel et al., US 10,765,710 B2, issued Sept. 8, 2020 (Ex. 1004). 

--- Page 10 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
10 
1376, 1381 (Fed. Cir. 2015) (“Kennametal”) (quoting In re Petering, 301 
F.2d 676, 681 (CCPA 1962). “The question for purposes of anticipation is 
therefore whether the number of categories and components [in the reference 
is] so large that the [claimed] combination . . . would not be immediately 
apparent to one of ordinary skill in the art.” Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. v. Cadbury 
Adams USA LLC, 683 F.3d 1356, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2012). 
2. 
Obviousness 
A claim is unpatentable under 35 U.S.C. § 103(a) if the differences 
between the claimed subject matter and the prior art are such that the subject 
matter, as a whole, would have been obvious to a person having ordinary 
skill in the art to which said subject matter pertains. See KSR Int’l Co. v. 
Teleflex Inc., 550 U.S. 398, 406 (2007). The question of obviousness is 
resolved on the basis of underlying factual determinations, including (1) the 
scope and content of the prior art; (2) any differences between the claimed 
subject matter and the prior art; (3) the level of skill in the art; and (4) where 
in evidence, so-called objective indicia or secondary considerations, 
including commercial success, long-felt but unsolved needs, failure of 
others, and unexpected results (“the Graham factors”). Graham v. John 
Deere Co. of Kansas City, 383 U.S. 1, 17–18 (1966). When modifying prior 
art teachings, “there must be some articulated reasoning with some rational 
underpinning to support the legal conclusion of obviousness.” KSR, 550 
U.S. at 418 (quoting In re Kahn, 441 F.3d 977, 988 (Fed. Cir. 2006)). 
“For objective evidence of secondary considerations to be accorded 
substantial weight, its proponent must establish a nexus between the 
evidence and the merits of the claimed invention.” Wyers v. Master Lock 
Co., 616 F.3d 1231, 1246 (Fed. Cir. 2010)). “[A] patentee is entitled to a 
rebuttable presumption of nexus between the asserted evidence of secondary 

--- Page 11 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
11 
considerations and a patent claim if the patentee shows that the asserted 
evidence is tied to a specific product and that the product ‘is the invention 
disclosed and claimed.’” Fox Factory, Inc. v. SRAM, LLC, 944 F.3d 1366, 
1373 (Fed. Cir. 2019) (quoting Demaco Corp. v. F. Von Langsdorff 
Licensing Ltd., 851 F.2d 1387, 1392 (Fed. Cir. 1988)). A presumption of 
nexus based on a commercial product is not appropriate when the product 
“is not coextensive with the patented invention,” but such a presumption 
may be appropriate if the product includes “unclaimed features [that] 
amount to nothing more than additional insignificant features.” Id. at 1373–
74 (quoting Demaco, 851 F.2d at 1392). “A finding that a presumption of 
nexus is inappropriate does not end the inquiry into secondary 
considerations”; rather, “the patent owner is still afforded an opportunity to 
prove nexus by showing that the evidence of secondary considerations is the 
‘direct result of the unique characteristics of the claimed invention.’” Id. at 
1374–75 (quoting In re Huang, 100 F.3d 135, 140 (Fed. Cir. 1996)). 
B. 
Level of Ordinary Skill in the Art 
Petitioner proposes that a person of ordinary skill in the art (“POSA” 
or “POSITA”) “would have had a Ph.D. in molecular biology, or a related 
field, with expertise in virology (including expertise growing, isolating, and 
rescuing viruses), immunology, and cancer biology with at least four years 
of post-Ph.D. experience in those areas.” Pet. 6 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 35, 96). 
Patent Owner does not argue otherwise. See PO Resp. 5. 
We adopt Petitioner’s uncontested definition as that definition is 
consistent with the level of skill in the art reflected by the prior art. See 
Okajima v. Bourdeau, 261 F.3d 1350, 1355 (Fed. Cir. 2001) (explaining that 
specific findings regarding ordinary skill level are not required “where the 
prior art itself reflects an appropriate level and a need for testimony is not 

--- Page 12 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
12 
shown” (quoting Litton Indus. Prods., Inc. v. Solid State Sys. Corp., 755 
F.2d 158, 163 (Fed. Cir. 1985))). It is from the perspective of such a person 
of ordinary skill that we consider the claims and prior art. 
C. 
Claim Construction 
We interpret a claim “using the same claim construction standard that 
would be used to construe the claim in a civil action under 35 U.S.C. 
282(b).” 37 C.F.R. § 42.200(b) (2019). This standard requires that we 
construe claims “in accordance with the ordinary and customary meaning of 
such claim[s] as understood by one of ordinary skill in the art and the 
prosecution history pertaining to the patent.” Id. 
Petitioner contends that the Specification defines the term “‘oncolytic 
virus’ as ‘a virus that infects and replicates in tumor cells, such that the 
tumor cells are killed.’” Pet. 6 (citing Ex. 1001, 9:10–12). Petitioner argues 
that the Specification “distinguishes this broader definition from the 
allegedly narrower subcategory of ‘selectively replication competent’ 
viruses that ‘replicate[] more effectively in tumor tissue than in non-tumor 
tissue.’” Id. (citing Ex. 1001, 9:12–17). 
In our Institution Decision, we did not perceive a need to construe any 
claim terms of the ’513 patent for purposes of determining whether to 
institute trial. For purposes of our analysis in this Final Written Decision, 
however, we find that it would be useful to clarify the scope of “oncolytic 
virus.” We agree with Petitioner that the Specification defines an “oncolytic 
virus” as “a virus that infects and replicates in tumor cells, such that tumor 
cells are killed.” Ex. 1001, 9:10–12. The Specification further clarifies that 
“the virus is replication competent,” and is preferably selectively replication 
competent in tumor tissue. Id. at 9:12–13. “A patentee is free to be his own 
lexicographer.” Mentor Graphics Corp. v. EVE-USA, Inc., 851 F.3d 1275, 

--- Page 13 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
13 
1294 (Fed. Cir. 2017). Accordingly, we construe “oncolytic virus,” 
consistent with its express definition in the Specification, to be a virus that 
infects and replicates in tumor cells, such that tumor cells are killed, wherein 
such a virus is replication competent. 
Patent Owner does not dispute this aspect of Petitioner’s construction, 
but contends that “oncolytic virus” should not be construed to encompass 
“viral vectors” such as those disclosed in Zitvogel. PO Resp. 5. Although 
Petitioner does not expressly contend otherwise, we agree with Patent 
Owner that “oncolytic virus” would not encompass Zitvogel’s “viral 
vectors,” which are defined in that reference to be “replication-defective” or 
“replication-impaired.” Ex. 1004, 19:26–29. 
We do not construe any other claim terms. See Vivid Techs., Inc. v. 
Am. Sci. & Eng’g, Inc., 200 F.3d 295, 803 (Fed. Cir. 1999) (holding that 
“only those terms need [to] be construed that are in controversy, and only to 
the extent necessary to resolve the controversy”); see also Nidec Motor 
Corp. v. Zhongshan Broad Ocean Motor Co., 868 F.3d 1013, 1017 (Fed. 
Cir. 2017) (applying Vivid Techs. in the context of an inter partes review). 
D. 
Overview of Prior Art 
1. Silvestre (Ex. 1002) 
Silvestre is a U.S. patent that issued on February 11, 2020, from 
Application No. 15/325,562, that was filed as PCT/EP2015/066263 on July 
16, 2015. Ex. 1002, codes (21), (22), (45), (86). Thus, on its face, Silvestre 
qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a)(2). Patent Owner does not 
dispute Silvestre’s status as prior art.9 
 
9 Silvestre is assigned to Petitioner Transgene SA, and further lists 
Transgene SA as the applicant for the patent that issued as Silvestre. 
Ex. 1002, code (73). 

--- Page 14 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
14 
Silvestre is directed to an oncolytic virus including a nucleotide 
sequence that encodes an immune checkpoint modulator. Id. at 3:23–26. 
The oncolytic virus is preferably selected from a group that includes HSV. 
Id. at 3:27–31. The immune checkpoint modulator preferably includes an 
antagonist molecule that antagonizes the activity of CTLA-4, “with a 
specific preference for an anti PD-1 antibody and/or an anti CTLA4 
antibody.” Id. at 3:41–48; see also id. at 15:5–12, 45–48. 
Silvestre discloses further embodiments of oncolytic viruses. For 
example, the oncolytic virus may include a herpes virus derived from HSV1. 
Id. at 7:52–60. “The herpes virus may be genetically modified so as to 
restrict viral replication in tumors or reduce its cytotoxicity in non-dividing 
cells.” Id. at 7:60–63. For example, the virus may include “defects in the 
function of genes encoding virulence factors such as the ICP34.5 gene.” Id. 
at 8:1–3. 
Silvestre discloses oncolytic viruses including immunostimulatory 
proteins. Id. at 11:55–57. “A vast number of proteins are known in the art 
for their ability to exert an immunostimulatory effect.” Id. at 11:57–59. 
Silvestre describes a “specific preference for GM-CSF” as an 
immunostimulatory protein. Id. at 12:7–9. Silvestre further describes a 
known “oncolytic herpes simplex 1 (T-VEC) . . . genetically engineered to 
attenuate the virus virulence, increase selectivity for cancer cells and 
enhance antitumor immune response (through GM-CSF expression).” Id. at 
2:32–30.10 
 
10 Citing Neil N. Senzer et al., Phase II Clinical Trial of a Granulocyte-
Macrophage Colony-Stimulating Factor–Encoding, Second-Generation 
Oncolytic Herpesvirus in Patients With Unresectable Metastatic Melanoma, 
27(34) J. CLIN. ONCOLOGY 5763–71 (2009) (Ex. 1078). 

--- Page 15 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
15 
Silvestre discloses that “[t]he nucleic acid molecule(s) encoding the 
immune checkpoint modulator(s) and eventually the therapeutic gene(s) can 
independently be inserted at any location of the viral genome, with a specific 
preference for a non-essential locus.” Id. at 16:4–8. 
2. Du (Ex. 1003) 
Du is a journal article that bears a publication date of 2014. Ex. 1003, 
340. Petitioner contends that Du was published and accessible to the public 
no later than July 18, 2014. Pet. 5 (citing Ex. 1011 ¶¶ 47–55). Thus, on its 
face, Du qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a)(1). Id. Patent 
Owner does not dispute Du’s status as prior art. 
Du discloses oncolytic adenoviruses expressing either GM-CSF or 
anti-CTLA4 antibody for the treatment of cancers. Ex. 1003, 340. Du 
discloses two viruses in particular, SKL001 and SKL002. Id. at 341. 
SKL001 encodes the heavy and light chains of an anti-CTL4-A monoclonal 
antibody (“anti-CTLA-4”). Id. SKL002 replaces the coding region of anti-
CTLA-4 with the cDNA of GM-CSF. Id. at 341. Du discloses that 
administering both viruses in combination, was “significantly more 
effective” in treating tumors than administering each virus alone. Id. at 345–
346. 
3. Choi (Ex. 1005) 
Choi is a journal article that bears a publication date of 2006. 
Ex. 1005, 1010. Petitioner contends that Choi was published and accessible 
to the public no later than March 9, 2006. Pet. 5 (citing Ex. 1011 ¶¶ 38–46). 
Thus, on its face, Choi qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a)(1). Id. 
Patent Owner does not dispute Choi’s status as prior art. 
Choi discloses an oncolytic adenovirus that expresses both GM-CSF 
and B7-1, an immune-stimulatory membrane molecule. Id. at 1010. Choi 

--- Page 16 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
16 
discloses preparing the adenovirus by placing two independent expression 
cassettes, each separately expressing murine GM-CSF and murine B7-1, in 
the E1 and E3 region of a replication-incompetent adenovirus. Id. at 1011. 
4. Zitvogel (Ex. 1004) 
Zitvogel is a U.S. patent that issued on September 8, 2020 from 
Application No. 15/325,576, that was filed as PCT/EP2015/066353 on July 
16, 2015. Ex. 1004, codes (21), (22), (45), (86). Thus, on its face, Zitvogel 
qualifies as prior art under 35 U.S.C. § 102(a)(2). Patent Owner does not 
dispute Zitvogel’s status as prior art. 
Zitvogel discloses cancer therapy including a combination of an 
oncolytic virus with an immune checkpoint modulator. Id. at 3:30–33. The 
oncolytic virus is preferably selected from the group including vaccinia virus 
and HSV. Id. at 3:33–38. Zitvogel discloses an embodiment in which the 
oncolytic virus is an HSV mutant with defects in the ICP34.5 gene, 
including T-VEC as a representative example. See id. at 8:10–35. 
Zitvogel discloses that the immune checkpoint modulator may 
preferably be an anti-CTLA-4 antibody. Id. at 3:51–53. Zitvogel discloses 
that the immune checkpoint modulator “may be delivered to the subject in 
the form of a vector expressing the one or more immune checkpoint 
modulator.” Id. at 22:37–43. 
Zitvogel discloses an embodiment where the oncolytic virus expresses 
at least one therapeutic gene encoding an immunostimulatory protein. Id. at 
3:48–50. “Preferably, the [immunostimulatory] protein is an interleukin or a 
colony-30 stimulating factor, with a specific preference for GM-CSF.” Id. at 
12:28–30. Zitvogel discloses that the therapeutic gene is preferably inserted 
in a non-essential locus of the viral genome. Id. at 13:60–63. 

--- Page 17 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
17 
E. 
Grounds Based on Silvestre 
1. Analysis of Claims 1 and 11 
In its Petition, Petitioner asserts that claims 1 and 11 are anticipated 
by Silvestre because “Silvestre discloses each element of these claims and 
Silvestre’s disclosure is enabling and describes the claimed invention 
sufficiently to have placed it in possession of a POSITA.” Pet. 42. 
Petitioner then identifies where each element of independent claim 1 is 
taught by Silvestre. Id. at 42–43. Specifically, with regard to independent 
claim 1, Petitioner contends that Silvestre teaches an oncolytic virus 
(Ex. 1002, 2:23–26, 3:31–32) comprising (i) a heterologous GM-CSF 
encoding gene (id. at 10:8–10, 10:28–31, 12:7–9), and (ii) a heterologous 
CTLA-4 inhibitor encoding gene (id. at 3:44–48, 15:5–8), wherein both 
heterologous genes are inserted into the genome of the virus (id. at 3:23–26, 
16:4–8). Id. at 42–43. With regard to dependent claim 11, Petitioner 
contends that Silvestre teaches that the oncolytic virus may be an HSV (Ex. 
1002, 7:52–60). Pet. 48. 
As to these anticipation arguments, Patent Owner contends that 
Silvestre does not disclose the limitations as arranged in claims 1 and 11. 
PO Resp. 11–17. In particular, Patent Owner contends that Silvestre focuses 
on utilizing a vaccinia virus (i.e., a poxvirus), rather than HSV, as the 
oncolytic virus, and that the claims and examples require that the immune 
checkpoint modulator is an antibody that binds to PD-1, rather than CTLA-
4. Id. at 12–14. More generically, Patent Owner contends that Silvestre lists 
11 possible oncolytic viruses, 14 immune checkpoint modulators, and 33 
therapeutic genes, resulting in over 5,000 different possible combinations. 
Id. at 15 (citing Ex. 1002, 7:10–15:49; Ex. 2009 ¶ 29). Patent Owner 
contends that Petitioner provides “no reasoned analysis or explanation as to 

--- Page 18 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
18 
how, based on the disclosure of Silvestre, a POSA would at once envisage 
the specific oncolytic virus claimed in claims 1 and 11.” Id. at 16. 
Petitioner, in its Reply, contends that Silvestre emphasizes only 
twelve options, not “over 5,000.” Reply 2–7. To arrive at this more limited 
number of viruses, Petitioner points out that Silvestre identifies only two of 
the eleven listed viruses as “preferred,” with HSV1 and HSV2 identified as 
“particularly preferred.” Id. at 3–4 (citing Ex. 1002, 7:52–60). Petitioner 
also contends that a POSITA would have immediately envisaged only three 
viruses (herpesvirus, poxvirus, and adenovirus) as suitable for the insertion 
of multiple heterologous genes. Id. at 4. Petitioner further notes that 
Silvestre identifies only two preferred immune checkpoint modulators (anti 
PD-1 antibody and/or anti-CTLA-4 antibody), and also identifies only two 
preferred therapeutic genes (with a specific preference for GM-CSF). Id. at 
5–6. Petitioner contends that “the twelve combinations from Silvestre 
immediately envisaged by a POSITA, coupled with the specific preferences 
for each of HSV, GM-CSF, and anti CTLA-4 antibody, align with the 
anticipation finding in” Kennametal, 780 F.3d 1376. Id. at 8 (also citing In 
re Petering, 301 F.2d 676 (CCPA 1962); In re Schaumann, 572 F.2d 312, 
314 (CCPA 1978)). 
Patent Owner, in its Sur-Reply, contends that Petitioner’s reliance on 
this Kennametal-type argument in its Reply is improper and should be 
disregarded. PO Sur-Reply 1–2. But even if considered, Patent Owner 
contends that Petitioner’s reliance on Kennametal is misplaced insofar as the 
Board “had expressly rejected the argument that options characterized as 
‘preferred’ somehow negated the description of others.” Id. at 4. Patent 
Owner contends that Petitioner’s narrowed list of viruses is based on 
impermissible hindsight, and that Silvestre does not disclose that HSV is one 

--- Page 19 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
19 
of only two virus types preferred by Silvestre. Id. at 5–6. Patent Owner 
argues that Petitioner’s new rationale for narrowing Silvestre’s list of viruses 
is based on “packaging capacity,” which is not a concept relied upon in the 
Petition in support of anticipation, and in any event, there is no basis to limit 
Silvestre’s list of viruses based on such common “knowledge in the art.” Id. 
at 7–9. Patent Owner also contends that Silvestre identifies more than two 
preferred therapeutic genes and more than two preferred immune checkpoint 
modulators. Id. at 9–14. 
Having considered all the arguments and evidence of record, we 
determine that Petitioner has not established by a preponderance of the 
evidence that Silvestre anticipates claim 11.11 
With regard to claims specifically reciting HSV (including claim 11), 
Petitioner acknowledges that “while the bulk of Silvestre’s disclosure, 
including the working examples, is directed towards creating an oncolytic 
poxvirus, Silvestre discloses preparing modified oncolytic virus using other 
virus types, including HSV.” Pet. 44. It is undisputed, however, that 
Silvestre does not disclose a single embodiment of an oncolytic HSV that 
includes both a heterologous GM-CSF encoding gene and a heterologous 
CTLA-4 inhibitor encoding gene. Rather, Petitioner points to where each 
element could be found among broader lists of possible oncolytic virus 
classes, immune checkpoint targets, and therapeutic genes. Ex. 1002, 7:10–
15:49. As noted by Dr. Chiocca, if one were to randomly select any of the 
 
11 We need not decide whether Silvestre anticipates independent claim 1, as 
the sole challenged claim 13 depends directly from claim 11. Thus, our 
determination that Petitioner has not shown that claim 11 is anticipated is 
sufficient to establish that Petitioner has not met its prerequisite burden for 
claim 13. 

--- Page 20 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
20 
disclosed options, this could result in thousands of possible combinations. 
Ex. 2009 ¶ 29. This type of picking and choosing is not anticipation. See 
Arkley, 455 F.2d at 587–88. 
In its Reply, Petitioner contends that Silvestre nonetheless anticipates 
because a POSITA would have immediately envisaged the claimed 
combination from among the “small, recognizable class of twelve options” 
taught by Silvestre. Reply 3–8. Petitioner never identified this smaller set 
of twelve options in the Petition, and it is not appropriate to raise new 
unpatentability theories for the first time in the Reply. See 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.23(b) (“A reply may only respond to arguments raised in the 
corresponding opposition, patent owner preliminary response, or patent 
owner response.”) (emphasis added); Intelligent Bio-Sys., Inc. v. Illumina 
Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 1359, 1369–70 (Fed. Cir. 2016) (holding that the 
Board did not err in refusing the reply brief as improper under 37 C.F.R. 
§ 42.23(b) because petitioner relied on an entirely new rationale to explain 
why one of skill in the art would have combined the references at issue). 
We therefore agree with Patent Owner that Petitioner’s reliance on 
Kennametal (and related cases) to belatedly contend that a POSITA would 
have immediately envisaged the claimed combination from among a smaller 
set of options within Silvestre’s broad disclosures is a new unpatentability 
theory.12 See Wasica Fin. GmbH v. Cont’l Auto. Sys., 853 F.3d 1272, 1285-
 
12 Although Patent Owner did not file a motion to strike Petitioner’s Reply 
on this basis, our Trial Practice Guide states that “the Board is capable of 
identifying new issues or belatedly presented evidence when weighing the 
evidence at the close of trial, and disregarding any new issues or belatedly 
presented evidence that exceeds the proper scope of reply or sur-reply” 
regardless of whether a motion to strike is filed. See Patent Trial and Appeal 
Board Consolidated Trial Practice Guide, 80 (Nov. 2019) (“CTPG”), 

--- Page 21 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
21 
86 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“To be sure, we have recognized instances where a 
prior art genus may anticipate a later species, see, e.g., Kennametal . . . . But 
in the ‘295 proceeding, Continental’s petition failed to set forth the 
necessary ‘factual component[s]’ needed to advance this legal theory.”); 
Broad Ocean v. Nidec Motor, IPR2015-01617, Paper 70 (Second Final 
Written Decision) at 23 (PTAB April 25, 2019) (“Petitioner’s reliance on the 
reasoning of Kennametal is improper because it was not raised in the 
Petition.”). 
Even if we considered Petitioner’s new theory, we do not find it 
sufficient. Specifically, to arrive at the narrowed list of viruses, Petitioner 
contends that Silvestre teaches that HSV1 and HSV2 are “particularly 
preferred.” Reply 4. But the full context in which that statement is made in 
Silvestre is as follows: 
In one embodiment, the oncolytic virus of the present 
invention is obtained from a herpes virus. . . . Although the 
oncolytic herpes virus can be derived from different types of 
HSV, particularly preferred are HSV1 and HSV2. 
Ex. 1002, 7:52–60. Elsewhere, Silvestre identifies up to eleven additional 
virus types as either “preferabl[e]” or “exemplary”: 
The oncolytic virus is preferably selected from the group 
consisting of reovirus, New Castle Disease virus (NDV), 
vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV), measles virus, influenza virus, 
Sinbis virus, adenovirus, poxvirus and herpes virus (HSV) and 
the like. 
Id. at 3:27–31; 
Exemplary oncolytic viruses include without limitation 
reovirus, Seneca Valley virus (SVV), vesicular stomatitis virus 
(VSV), Newcastle disease virus (NDV), herpes simplex virus 
 
available at https://www.uspto.gov/TrialPracticeGuideConsolidated.We do 
so here. 

--- Page 22 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
22 
(HSV), morbillivirus virus, retrovirus, influenza virus, Sin bis 
virus, poxvirus, adenovirus, or the like. 
Id. at 7:26–30. 
Contrary to Petitioner’s arguments, we find nothing in Silvestre to 
suggest that HSV is more preferable than any of the other listed virus types. 
Rather, based on the entirety of Silvestre’s teachings, we find that a POSITA 
would have understood Silvestre’s statement that “particularly preferred are 
HSV1 and HSV2” to mean that those two particular strains of HSV are only 
preferred if the HSV is selected as the virus type.13 That does not suggest, 
however, that HSV—as a general class of viruses—is more preferred than 
the other classes of viruses listed in Silvestre. To the extent Silvestre 
exhibits a higher preference for any particular virus type among the general 
categories listed, it is for poxviruses (and in particular the vaccinia virus). 
See, e.g., id. at 8:43–44 (“Desirably, the oncolytic poxvirus is an oncolytic 
vaccinia virus.”); id. at 26:60–67 (examples utilizing poxvirus); id. at 37:33–
34 (claims requiring vaccinia virus). As explained by Dr. Chiocca, “when 
[Silvestre] talks about the ‘particularly preferred,’ what they’re saying is that 
because there’s multiple strains of HSV, the particularly preferred ones are 
HSV-1 and 2. It doesn’t say that HSV is a preferred virus.” Ex. 1106, 
116:12–20; see also id. at 117:11–17 (“[A]gain, herpes virus is one 
embodiment just like everybody else, amongst that embodiment, HSV-1 and 
2 are preferred. It’s not that they’re preferred, they’re preferred within that 
embodiment.”). Petitioner does not present any expert testimony that 
contradicts Dr. Chiocca’s interpretation of Silvestre, but instead relies upon 
unsupported attorney argument. See Icon Health & Fitness, Inc. v. Strava, 
 
13 As noted by Petitioner, there are 941 known strains of HSV. Pet. 26 
(citing Ex. 1023, Ex. 1024). 

--- Page 23 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
23 
Inc., 849 F.3d 1034, 1043 (Fed. Cir. 2017) (“Attorney argument is not 
evidence.”). 
We are also not persuaded by Petitioner’s contention that a POSITA 
would have focused on only “three realistic virus options” from among 
Silvestre’s list of eleven viruses for the insertion of multiple heterologous 
genes back in 2016, i.e., herpesvirus, poxvirus, and adenovirus. Reply 4. 
We agree with Patent Owner that “there is simply no reason for the POSA to 
limit Silvestre’s list of viruses to only those that were purportedly commonly 
used to express multiple heterologous genes, as Silvestre discloses 
embodiments where the virus encodes a single heterologous gene.” Sur-
Reply 5; Ex. 1002, 3:23–26 (“The present invention concerns an oncolytic 
virus comprising inserted in its genome one or more nucleic acid 
molecule(s) encoding one or more immune checkpoint modulator(s).”). 
Petitioner cites testimony of Dr. Bell in support, but Dr. Bell does not 
address the teachings of Silvestre in the cited portions of his declaration; nor 
does not Dr. Bell assert that a POSITA would have only considered 
herpesvirus, poxvirus, and adenovirus among the viruses taught by Silvestre 
for the insertion of multiple heterologous genes. Reply 4 (citing Ex. 1007 
¶¶ 61–72, 104–107). To the extent Petitioner focuses on only those viruses 
that would allow for insertion of multiple genes, it is based on improper 
picking and choosing. See In re Ruschig, 343 F.2d 965, 974 (CCPA 1965) 
(“We did not intend our Petering opinion or decision to become a precedent 
for the mechanistic dissection and recombination of the components of the 
specific illustrative compounds in every chemical reference containing them, 
to create hindsight anticipations with the guidance of an applicant’s 
disclosures, on the theory that such reconstructed disclosures describe 
specific compounds within the meaning of section 102.”). 

--- Page 24 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
24 
We have also considered the testimony of Dr. Chiocca cited by 
Petitioner, but do not find that he admitted that a POSITA would have 
envisaged only herpesvirus, poxvirus, and adenovirus to the exclusion of 
other viruses disclosed by Silvestre. For example, Dr. Chiocca answered 
“[c]orrect” when asked if “a person of ordinary skill in the art looking at that 
list in 2016 would have been able to immediately envisage that you could 
use herpes[virus], pox[virus], or adeno[virus] from this list.” Ex. 1106, 
111:17–21. But Dr. Chiocca did not state that those were the only three 
viruses that a POSITA would immediately envisage for the insertion of 
multiple heterologous genes, and instead expressed some uncertainty as to 
whether other viruses could also be utilized in the same manner. Id. at 
111:2–9 (indicating that he would have to look up whether measles, 
retrovirus, and influenza would also be used for insertion of heterologous 
genes). Moreover, even assuming a POSITA would have focused on only 
three of the eleven categories of viruses, Petitioner has not demonstrated that 
a POSITA would have at once envisaged the claimed oncolytic virus among 
a narrow set in view of the total combination of variables disclosed in 
Silvestre. 
Likewise, we are not persuaded that a POSITA would have only 
focused on GM-CSF among the therapeutic genes taught by Silvestre. 
Although Petitioner quotes Silvestre’s statement indicating a “specific 
preference for GM-CSF,” the full context in which that statement appears is 
as follows: 
Examples of suitable immunostimulatory proteins in the context 
of the invention include without limitation cytokines, with a 
specific preference for interleukins (e.g. IL-2, IL-6, IL-12, IL-
15, IL-24), chemokines (e.g. CXCL1O, CXCL9, CXCL11), 
interferons (e.g. IFNg, IFNalpha), tumor necrosis factor (TNF), 

--- Page 25 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
25 
colony-stimulating factors (e.g. GM-CSF, C-CSF, M-CSF …), 
APC (for Antigen Presenting Cell)-exposed proteins (e.g. B7.1, 
B7.2 and the like), growth factors (Transforming Growth Factor 
TGF, Fibroblast Growth Factor FGF, Vascular Endothelial 
Growth Factors VEGF, and the like), MHC antigens of class I 
or II, apoptosis inducers or inhibitors (e.g. Bax, Bcl2, BclX …), 
cytostatic agents (p21, p16, 5 Rb …), immunotoxins, antigenic 
polypeptides (antigenic polypeptides, epitopes, and the like) 
and markers (betagalactosidase, luciferase …). Preferably, the 
immunostimulatory protein is an interleukin or a colony-
stimulating factor, with a specific preference for GM-CSF. 
Ex. 1002, 11:53–12:9 (emphasis added). As a matter of syntax, the 
reference to a “specific preference for GM-CSF” in the last sentence of the 
foregoing paragraph relates back to “colony-stimulating factor,” meaning 
that GM-CSF is a preferred “colony-stimulating factor” over other types 
disclosed (such as C-CSF and M-CSF), not that GM-CSF is Silvestre’s only 
preferred immunostimulatory protein. As explained by Dr. Chiocca, 
“there’s lots of preferreds in that sentence.” Ex. 1106, 129:2–9. Petitioner 
does not explain why a POSITA “would have focused” only on GM-CSF 
while ignoring all of the other “preferred” immunostimulatory proteins 
disclosed by Silvestre. 
At best, Petitioner demonstrates that a POSITA would have found it 
obvious to pick and choose amongst the various components taught by 
Silvestre to arrive at the claimed invention, but this is insufficient to 
establish anticipation. See Arkley, 455 F.2d at 587–88 (“Such picking and 
choosing may be entirely proper in the making of a 103, obviousness 
rejection, where the applicant must be afforded an opportunity to rebut with 
objective evidence any inference of obviousness which may arise from the 
similarity of the subject matter which he claims to the prior art, but it has no 

--- Page 26 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
26 
place in the making of a 102, anticipation rejection.”). Petitioner has not 
made an obviousness argument for claims 1 and 11 based on Silvestre.14 
2. 
Analysis of Claim 13 
With respect to dependent claim 13, Petitioner does assert 
obviousness as part of Ground 4, and provides the following rationale in the 
Petition (reproduced in its entirety): 
Claim 13 depends from Claim 11 and requires that “the 
GM-CSF-encoding gene and the CTLA-4 inhibitor encoding 
gene are inserted into the ICP34.5 encoding locus, either by 
insertion, or partial or complete deletion, in a back to back 
orientation in relation to each other, each under separate 
regulatory control.” Ex. 1001, 83:20-25. Silvestre discloses the 
use of T-VEC. Ex. 1002, 2:33-36 (“oncolytic herpes simplex 1 
(T-VEC) was genetically engineered to attenuate the virus 
virulence, increase selectivity for cancer cells and enhance 
antitumor immune response (through GM-CSF expression)”); 
Ex. 1007, ¶229. T-VEC was well known to a POSITA to be an 
oncolytic HSV with a heterologous GM-CSF gene inserted into 
the ICP34.5 encoding locus via a complete deletion and 
replacement of the ICP34.5 gene with a GM-CSF encoding 
gene. Id; Ex. 1078, p.5763. 
In view of this knowledge in the art, it would have been 
obvious to a POSITA to use the strategy of T-VEC, as 
disclosed in Silvestre, and to insert the desired heterologous 
genes into the ICP34.5 locus. Ex.1007, ¶ 230. The simplest 
and most common method to insert two genes to a locus is in a 
back-to-back orientation under control of separate regulatory 
elements. Id. Thus, Claim 13’s limitation was common 
 
14 To be sure, we recognize that Silvestre discloses as background 
information that an “oncolytic herpes simplex 1 (T-VEC) was genetically 
engineered to attenuate the virus virulence, increase selectivity for cancer 
cells and enhance antitumor immune response (through GM-CSF 
expression).” Ex. 1002, 2:33–36. Petitioner, however, does not rely upon 
the T-VEC virus to support its anticipation argument based on Silvestre. See 
Pet. 41–52. 

--- Page 27 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
27 
knowledge to a POSITA before the earliest priority date. Id. A 
POSITA would have been motivated to use the gene insertion 
strategy of Claim 13 and would have had reasonable 
expectation of success in doing so, because insertion into the 
ICP34.5 locus had already been successfully demonstrated in 
the T-VEC oncolytic HSV1 virus. Id. Moreover, a POSITA 
would have been motivated to follow this proven insertion 
strategy because identifying a different gene insertion site 
would have required a rigorous trial-and-error process. 
Ex. 1007, ¶¶ 73-81, 87-88, 230-231. 
Pet. 54–55. 
In this obviousness ground, Petitioner does not cure the deficiencies 
we have noted for the anticipation ground based on Silvestre discussed 
above. Further, having considered all the arguments and evidence of record, 
we also determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated that claim 13 would 
have been obvious over Silvestre. Moreover, even assuming that Silvestre 
anticipates or otherwise renders obvious the limitations of claims 1 and 11, 
we determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated, with sufficient 
supporting evidence to carry its burden, that this dependent claim would 
have been obvious with its additional limitations. 
Claim 13 requires the two heterologous genes recited in claim 1 (i.e., 
the GM-CSF and CTLA-4 inhibitor encoding genes) to be inserted into the 
“ICP34.5” locus of an HSV in a “back-to-back orientation.”15 Patent Owner 
 
15 DNA is “read” in a specific direction, just like letters and words in the 
English language are read from left to right. In particular, during the 
transcription process (where DNA is converted into mRNA), a gene is read 
from the 5' end of the DNA molecule towards the direction of its 3' end. See 
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Class/MLACourse/Modules/MolBioReview/b
asepair.html. As we understand it, the claimed “back-to-back orientation” 
requires the two genes to be inserted into the same locus with their 
respective ends oriented in opposite directions as shown by the arrows in 
Fig. 5B and Fig. 13 of the ’513 Patent. Consistent with these figures, 

--- Page 28 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
28 
does not dispute Petitioner’s asserted motivation to select the ICP34.5 locus 
as the point of insertion, which is that “insertion into the ICP34.5 locus had 
already been successfully demonstrated in the T-VEC oncolytic HSV1 
virus,” and “a POSITA would have been motivated to follow this proven 
insertion strategy because identifying a different gene insertion site would 
have required a rigorous trial-and-error process.” Pet. 55. We find that a 
preponderance of the evidence supports Petitioner’s contention that a 
POSITA would have been motivated to start with the ICP34.5 locus given 
that it was a known locus for insertion in the T-VEC virus. See Ex. 1007 
¶ 77 (Dr. Bell asserting that “[t]here are established loci in certain oncolytic 
viruses that are known to be ideal locations for heterologous gene insertion. 
For example, inactivation of the neurovirulence factor ICP34.5 in HSV1 has 
been well-known to direct tumor-specific cell lysis, making HSV1 ICP34.5 
knock-outs useful oncolytic virus vectors.”); Ex. 1039 (describing “ICP34.5 
deleted herpes simplex virus with enhanced oncolytic, immune stimulating, 
and anti-tumour properties.”); Ex. 1106, 97:12–22 (Dr. Chiocca 
acknowledging that ICP34.5 was a “published insertion locus,” and there 
would be a reasonable expectation of success in inserting heterologous genes 
into the ICP34.5 site). 
But, even with a motivation to select the ICP34.5 locus as the 
insertion point, Patent Owner contends that Petitioner has not shown that a 
POSITA would have been motivated to insert the GM-CSF and the CTLA-4 
inhibitor encoding genes in a “back-to-back orientation” in relation to each 
other, which is required by claim 13. PO Resp. 18–23. Patent Owner 
 
however, there is no requirement that the GM-CSF and CTLA-4 inhibitor 
encoding genes be directly adjacent to each other. This interpretation is not 
in dispute. 

--- Page 29 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
29 
contends that Dr. Bell’s testimony that back-to-back insertion is the 
“simplest” and “most common” method of inserting genes into a locus is 
uncorroborated, conclusory, and contradicted by his own patent application 
where he disclosed inserting genes into a locus in the same orientation. Id. 
at 19–20 (citing Ex. 2008, Figs. 38, 60, ¶¶ 276, 2215; Ex. 2009 ¶ 34). Patent 
Owner further points out that Du, Petitioner’s primary reference for its other 
obviousness ground (discussed below), as well as Petitioner’s own BT-001 
oncolytic virus, utilized a strategy wherein two genes were inserted into a 
locus in the same orientation. Id. at 20–21 (citing Ex. 1002, 341; Ex. 2009 
¶ 2010; Ex. 2011, Fig. 1I). Patent Owner also points out that Dr. Bell, at his 
deposition, acknowledged that it was “perhaps an over-statement” that back-
to-back insertion was the “simplest and most common” strategy. Id. at 22 
(citing Ex. 2021, 43:3–5, 10–13, 16–19). Patent Owner argues that 
Petitioner’s mere assertion that the back-to-back insertion strategy was 
“known” is not enough to show that a POSITA would have been motivated 
to use it. Sur-Reply 15–16. 
Patent Owner additionally argues that Petitioner has not shown that a 
POSITA would have had a reasonable expectation of success in achieving 
the claimed invention. PO Resp. 23–27. Patent Owner points out that 
Petitioner has inconsistently argued, both in the Petition as well as during 
prosecution of Silvestre, that the claimed technology is difficult and 
unpredictable. Id. (citing Pet. 20, 22, 23; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 80, 94, 145, 177; 
Ex. 2015, 8-26-2019 Response at 19). In particular, Patent Owner contends 
that Petitioner, in the course of arguing lack of enablement for the now 
disclaimed challenged claims, admitted the difficulty and unpredictability 
associated with creating a functional oncolytic virus. Id. In response to 
Petitioner’s argument that Patent Owner relies upon unclaimed features 

--- Page 30 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
30 
(Reply 12–14), Patent Owner contends that it is proper to consider how the 
overall virus would function as part of the reasonable expectation of success 
analysis because claim 13 explicitly recites an “oncolytic virus,” which 
Petitioner has construed in functional terms. Sur-Reply 17–20.16 
a) “Simple” and “Common” Rationale 
In our Institution Decision, we took into account Dr. Bell’s testimony 
that “[w]hen inserting two genes into a given locus, the simplest and most 
common way to do so is to insert them in a back-to-back orientation under 
control of separate regulatory elements.” Ex. 1007 ¶ 230; Inst. Dec. 12. 
Dr. Bell’s testimony was not then rebutted by any expert testimony from 
Patent Owner or tested through cross-examination at the time. We 
considered and addressed Patent Owner’s argument that Petitioner 
improperly relies upon “common sense” to supply a missing limitation. Inst. 
Dec. 15 (citing Arendi S.A.R.L. v. Apple Inc., 832 F.3d 1355, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 
2016)). Based on the record at the time, we determined for purposes of 
institution that Petitioner provided sufficient evidence beyond merely a 
conclusory assertion of “common sense” to support its threshold burden for 
claim 13. Id. at 15–16. For instance, we noted that Petitioner cited Exhibit 
1084, Fig. 1 as showing back-to-back insertion of two genes at the ICP34.5 
locus in an HSV1 virus and invited the parties to further develop the record 
with regard to that exhibit. Id. at 16 n.2. 
 
16 Patent Owner also argues that objective indicia (specifically, unexpected 
results) support a finding of non-obviousness. PO Resp. 41–48. Petitioner 
disagrees. Reply 22–26. We address the parties’ arguments with regard to 
the unexpected results evidence below, after first addressing the arguments 
as to motivation and reasonable expectation of success. 

--- Page 31 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
31 
Since then, however, Dr. Bell’s “simplest and most common” 
rationale has been significantly undermined by the evidence developed 
during trial. During his deposition, Dr. Bell backtracked as to exactly how 
“simple” or “common” this insertion strategy was in the art. The relevant 
portions of Dr. Bell’s deposition transcript are reproduced below: 
Q. 
You don’t provide an explanation in your 
declaration why, in your opinion, the back-to-back orientation 
is the simplest way of inserting two genes into a given locus, 
right? 
A. 
I do not provide an explanation for that, no. 
Q. 
And so how did you determine that the back-to-
back orientation was the most common way to insert two genes 
into a given locus? 
A. 
Well, it is a simple way, and it is very commonly 
used. . . . 
Q. 
But . . . it’s not the most common way, is that your 
position? 
A. 
I think in fairness . . . , I would have to say it is 
very common. . . . There certainly are other instances where 
people put genes into other vectors in series or antagonistically. 
 
But, in general, when one is going this, it’s very 
commonly done to have two genes back-to-back for 
convenience so you don’t have any interference between two 
genes. So it’s something that’s been in the practice in the art 
for a very long time. 
 
So perhaps an over-statement would say it’s the 
simplest and most common, but, you know, its’ certainly simple 
and common. 
Q. 
What did you say before that? 
A. 
I would say it’s a very common way of doing it. 
Q. 
But it’s not the most common? 

--- Page 32 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
32 
A. 
I don’t think I could say – maybe I overstated by 
saying it’s the most common because I don’t know if anyone 
has actually made the calculation, if it has been done. 
 
But if I was a person skilled in the art, it would be 
one of the most likely ways I would go about doing it. So 
perhaps I overstated it by saying it was the most common 
because I don’t think I can quantitate that necessarily. . . . 
Ex. 2021, 41:7–43:19 (emphasis added). Dr. Bell acknowledged that he did 
not cite any publications to support his opinion regarding back-to-back 
insertion “because [he] felt it was common knowledge,” and [i]t just didn’t 
occur to [him] to include that citation.” Id. at 44:2–21. 
In view of the foregoing testimony, Petitioner retreats from its original 
contention that back-to-back insertion was “[t]he simplest and most common 
method,” and contends in its Reply that motivation to use that technique 
comes from that method merely being “simple” and “commonly used.” 
Reply 9–11. This is a different theory than what was originally presented in 
the Petition. But even upon considering it, Petitioner has not identified any 
evidence of record showing exactly how simple or common back-to-back 
insertion was compared to the other techniques that were known in the art 
for inserting two genes into the same locus. 
Furthermore, Petitioner’s motivation for using this technique is 
contradicted by other evidence of record, including the testimony of 
Dr. Chiocca regarding examples of other strategies that were used to insert 
two genes into a given locus of a virus genome. Dr. Chiocca testifies that 
“there are multiple insertion strategies that one could use and would need to 
experiment with when inserting two genes in a locus.” Ex. 2009 ¶ 33. For 
example, according to Dr. Chiocca, “bicistronic insertion” is another 
common strategy that a POSITA would have employed using “internal 
ribosomal entry sites” (IRES) or “2A” peptides. Id. (citing Ex. 2019). 

--- Page 33 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
33 
Dr. Chiocca further notes that Du, the primary reference used in Petitioner’s 
other obviousness grounds, used a 2A sequence between the genes for the 
heavy and light chains in the oncolytic adenovirus expressing the anti-
CTLA-4 antibody to ensure that “[t]he equimolarity of the heavy and light 
chains is achieved.” Id. (citing Ex. 1003, 341). Dr. Chiocca’s testimony is 
also supported by other cited evidence of record suggesting that bicistronic 
insertion (not back-to-back insertion) was in fact the most common way of 
inserting multiple genes into a locus. Ex. 2019, 2 (“The most common 
strategy for the expression of multiple genes has been based on internal 
ribosome entry site (IRES) elements. . . . An alternative to these approaches 
is the use of ribosomal skipping via 2A peptides.”). 
Dr. Chiocca also points out that, for Dr. Bell’s own oncolytic vaccinia 
virus construct described in U.S. Patent Application Publication 
2022/0056480 A1, Dr. Bell inserted genes into a locus in the same 
orientation, and thus “did not employ what he claims is the ‘simplest’ and 
‘most common’ way of inserting two genes into a locus.” Ex. 2009 ¶ 34 
(citing Ex. 2008,17 Figs. 38, 60, ¶¶ 275, 2215). This is also true for 
Petitioner’s own BT-001 oncolytic vaccinia virus, which contains genes for 
the anti-CTLA-4 antibody and GM-CSF inserted into the virus’s I4L locus 
in the same orientation. Id. ¶ 35 (citing Ex. 2010, Ex. 2011) 18; see also id. 
 
17 Dr. Chiocca’s declaration cites Ex. 2009, but we understand this to be a 
typographical error. 
18 We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s contention that Ex. 2008, Ex. 2010, 
and Ex. 2011 are entitled to no weight because they were published after the 
2016 filing date of the ’513 patent. Reply 11. Patent Owner contends that 
its reliance on post-filing date publications is proper insofar as they are 
relied upon to contradict Petitioner’s assertion that “the simplest and most 
common method to insert two genes to a locus is in a back-to-back 
orientation.” Sur-Reply 17. We agree. We consider these exhibits, not for 

--- Page 34 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
34 
¶ 50 (noting that “Dr. Bell and Petitioners themselves use bicistronic and/or 
same orientation insertion strategies in their own oncolytic vaccinia 
viruses”). 
We have also considered the deposition testimony of Dr. Chiocca, 
which Petitioner cites as an admission “that in 2016 back-to-back insertion 
was a well-known technique.” Reply 10 (citing Ex. 1106, 147:14–148:7). 
While Dr. Chiocca acknowledged that “it [was] well-known that there was a 
number of different ways” you could insert heterologous genes into a virus 
and did not dispute “that back-to-back insertion was a well-known 
technique,” he also made it clear that back-to-back insertion “was not the 
most common preferred method” and “there were other common methods as 
well.” Ex. 1106, 147:14–148:7. Earlier during his deposition, Dr. Chiocca 
testified on this point as follows: 
Q. 
So if you were looking -- if a person of ordinary 
skill in the art were looking to insert two heterologous genes, 
they would have a reasonable expectation of success in using a 
back-to-back insertion strategy under separate regulatory 
control? 
A. 
In a general sense, yes. 
Q. 
Okay. And then sort of putting that together, by 
January of 2016, it was known that you could make back-to-
 
their prior art value, but rather as evidence that call into question Dr. Bell’s 
credibility as to what techniques may have been considered “simple” and 
“common” by those skilled in the art. See Yeda Research v. Mylan Pharm. 
Inc., 906 F.3d 1031, 1041 (Fed. Cir. 2018) (“[N]on-prior art evidence of 
what was known cannot be applied, independently, as teachings separately 
combinable with other prior art, but can be relied on for their proper 
supporting roles, e.g., indicating the level of ordinary skill in the art, what 
certain terms would mean to one with ordinary skill in the art, and how one 
with ordinary skill in the art would have understood a prior art disclosure.” 
(quotation and citation omitted)). 

--- Page 35 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
35 
back insertion of multiple heterologous genes into the ICP 34.5 
site, correct? 
A. 
No, not to my knowledge. 
Q. 
Okay. 
A. 
I think there was maybe just one paper, actually by 
the same group back in the mid-2000s that they did that. 
Q. 
So it had been done by then? 
A. 
There was one paper, right. And actually I only 
found out in the course of my -- found out about that paper in 
the course of this. 
Q. 
But as we discussed -- 
A. 
It was not a commonly known strategy, let me put 
it this way. 
Q. 
It had been used before? 
A. 
Yeah. 
Q. 
But it might not have been used a lot? 
A. 
Right. 
Id. at 98:16–99:21 (emphasis added). As such, Dr. Chiocca made it clear 
that although a POSITA may have had “in a general sense” a reasonable 
expectation of success in using a back-to-back insertion strategy, “[i]t was 
not a commonly known strategy.” Id. When considered in its totality, 
Dr. Chiocca’s deposition testimony is consistent with and does not 
undermine the opinions set forth in his declaration. 
We therefore credit the testimony of Dr. Chiocca over the 
contradictory, unsupported, and admittedly over-stated testimony of 
Dr. Bell. We note that, despite having the opportunity to do so, Petitioner 
did not offer any expert declaration with its Reply to rebut Dr. Chiocca’s 
testimony. Accordingly, Petitioner does not persuade us that a POSITA 
would have chosen to insert the GM-CSF and CTLA-4 inhibitor genes into 

--- Page 36 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
36 
the ICP34.5 locus of an HSV in a back-to-back orientation based on the 
simplicity or commonality of that technique. Other than its having been 
known and the now-diminished point that it was the most common and 
simplest approach, Petitioner does not identify any other benefits to be 
gained from using back-to-back insertion over other types of insertion 
strategies that may have made it an attractive choice for the ordinarily 
skilled artisan at the time of the invention.19 See generally Pet. 
b) “Known-Technique” Rationale 
Regardless of how “simple” or “common” back-to-back insertion was 
in the art, motivation to use that technique may come from the mere fact that 
it was one “known” option among a “finite number of identified, predictable 
solutions” within a POSITA’s technical grasp. KSR, 550 U.S. at 421. To 
help us assess whether this rationale applies here, we asked the parties to 
address the impact of two recent decisions on the obviousness analysis in 
this case: the Federal Circuit’s decision in Intel Corp. v. PACT XPP Schweiz 
AG, 61 F.4th 1373, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2023) (“Intel”) and the Director-issued 
opinion in Xerox Corp. v. Bytemark, Inc., IPR2022-00624, Paper 12 (PTAB 
Feb. 10, 2023) (“Xerox”). Paper 33 (authorizing supplemental briefing). 
In Intel, the Federal Circuit emphasized that “[t]he motivation-to 
combine analysis is a flexible one” and that “‘universal’ motivations known 
in a particular field to improve technology” can be sufficient ‘even absent 
any hint of suggestion in the references themselves.’” Intel, 61 F.4th at 
 
19 At his deposition, Dr. Bell alluded to the avoidance of “interference” 
between two genes as another reason to use back-to-back insertion. 
Ex. 2021, 42:19–22, 43:23–44:1. Dr. Bell, however, did not make any 
reference to avoiding interference in his declaration, nor did Petitioner rely 
upon this rationale in any of its briefs in this proceeding. Accordingly, we 
do not consider that as a separate reason to use back-to-back insertion. 

--- Page 37 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
37 
1379–80 (citing Intel Corp. v. Qualcomm Inc., 21 F.4th 784, 797–99 (Fed. 
Cir. 2021)20). The Intel court held that it was improper for the Board to 
reject the so-called “known-technique” rationale in that case, which is based 
on KSR’s statement that “if a technique has been used to improve one 
device, and a person of ordinary skill in the art would recognize that it would 
improve similar devices in the same way, using the technique is obvious 
unless its actual application is beyond his or her skill.” Id. at 1380 (citing 
KSR, 550 U.S. at 417); see also id. (“And if there is a known technique to 
address a known problem using ‘prior art elements according to their 
established functions,’ then there is a motivation to combine.”) (citing 
Qualcomm, 21 F.4th at 799–800). 
In Xerox, the Director on sua sponte review, affirmed a Board 
decision denying institution of an inter partes review. Xerox, Paper 12. In 
doing so, the Director emphasized that the rationale set forth in the 
petitioner’s expert declaration “is an exact restatement of the [p]etition’s 
arguments without any additional supporting evidence or reasoning.” Id. at 
4. And the Director rejected the petitioner’s argument in that case that “the 
claimed account blocking technique for fraud, which was not expressly 
disclosed in the prior art, is ‘common sense’ based on current known fraud 
detection technologies” and that “[t]here are only a finite number of 
predictable, known options for identifying and blocking fraudulent 
purchasers.” Id. The Director further determined that “the Board was 
correct in giving little weight to [p]etitioner’s expert because the expert 
declaration merely offered conclusory assertions without underlying factual 
 
20 As we further discuss Intel Corp. v. Qualcomm Inc., 21 F.4th 784 (Fed. 
Cir. 2021) below, we will refer to that case as “Qualcomm” to distinguish it 
from Intel Corp. v. PACT XPP Schweiz AG, 61 F.4th 1373 (Fed. Cir. 2023). 

--- Page 38 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
38 
support.” Id. at 5. The same day, the Director designated the underlying 
panel decision—which reiterated many of the same points as the Director— 
as precedential. Xerox, Paper 9 (Aug. 24, 2022; designated precedential 
Feb. 10, 2023). 
In its supplemental brief, Petitioner contends that Intel further 
supports its contention that a motivation exists to use the known back-to-
back insertion strategy to arrive at claim 13. Paper 34, 3–5. Petitioner, 
however, argues that Xerox is inapplicable because: 1) “no dispute exists as 
to the facts proffered in Dr. Bell’s Declaration” and 2) “Dr. Bell’s 
declaration includes ‘additional supporting evidence [and] provide[s] … 
technical reasoning to support his statement.’” Id. at 1–2 (citing Xerox, 15). 
In any event, Petitioner contends that application of Xerox does not impact 
the result in the present case because “the other evidence of record would be 
sufficient to demonstrate that this technique was well known.” Id. at 3. 
On the other hand, Patent Owner, in its supplemental brief, contends 
the opposite. That is, according to Patent Owner, the conclusory nature of 
Dr. Bell’s assertion as to what is allegedly the “simplest and most common” 
method for inserting two genes into a locus is similar to what was found 
insufficient by the Director in Xerox. Paper 35, 1. Patent Owner contends 
that Dr. Bell’s admitted “over-statement” is “particularly problematic in 
cases where, like here, expert testimony is offered not simply to provide a 
motivation to combine prior-art teachings, but rather to supply a limitation 
missing from the prior art.” Id. (citing Xerox, 16). Patent Owner, however, 
contends that Intel’s “known-technique” rationale does not help Petitioner 
because the technology in this case is unpredictable and complicated, and, 
unlike in Intel, the asserted prior art does not actually teach the missing 
element. Id. at 3–4. 

--- Page 39 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
39 
We find that the evidence relied upon by Petitioner in this case is 
more akin to what was found insufficient in Xerox than what was found 
sufficient in Intel to support an obviousness determination based on the 
known-technique rationale. In particular, as with the petitioner’s expert 
declaration in Xerox, we find that Dr. Bell’s declaration in this case merely 
offers conclusory assertions without underlying factual support as to what 
techniques were known in the art about insertion of multiple heterologous 
genes into the same locus. Indeed, Dr. Bell fails to cite any evidence in his 
declaration, either in paragraph 230 or the cross-referenced paragraphs 73–
81, and 87–88, to support his opinion that back-to-back insertion is the 
“simplest and most common” and “most straightforward” strategy a 
POSITA would use to insert two genes into a given locus. Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 73–
81, 87–88, and 230.21 
Petitioner, in its Reply, points out that Dr. Bell made a reference 
during his deposition to an article by Simpson22 that “describes a herpes 
virus with an insertion into the ICP34.5 locus of a dell fusion protein and a 
suicide gene that are put in back-to-back when two separate regulatory 
elements from 2006,” which he “should have probably cited [at paragraph 
230] as well.” Reply 10–11; Ex. 2021, 44:2–21. Simpson was only cited in 
the Petition and Dr. Bell’s declaration for its teachings concerning the 
 
21 As noted in our Institution Decision, Dr. Bell did cite references teaching 
the use of the ICP34.5 locus. Inst. Dec. 15; Ex. 1007 ¶ 77 (citing Ex. 1039, 
292, Ex. 1040, 4–7, Ex. 1041, 575). But Petitioner and Dr. Bell did not 
point to any teachings in those cited references about the insertion of 
multiple genes in a back-to-back orientation into that locus, and we discern 
no such teachings based on our own review. 
22 Simpson et al., Combination of a Fusogenic Glycoprotein, Prodrug 
Activation, and Oncolytic Herpes Simplex Virus for Enhanced Local 
Tumor Control, 66(9) CANCER RES. 4835-42 (May 1, 2006) (Ex. 1084). 

--- Page 40 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
40 
“GALV” protein recited in (now disclaimed) claim 5, and not for the back-
to-back limitation of claim 13. Pet. 53, 70 (citing, inter alia, Ex. 1084); 
Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 198, 227. As such, we are not persuaded that Dr. Bell’s 
offhanded citation to Simpson during his deposition is sufficient to carry 
Petitioner’s burden of proof for claim 13.23 
Moreover, Simpson refers to back-to-back insertion only once, when 
it states that the “OncoVEXGALV/CD” viral construct “expresses both genes in 
a back to back orientation,” wherein “the genes were inserted to replace 
ICP34.5.” Ex. 1084, 4837. Importantly, Simpson does not indicate why the 
genes were inserted in a back-to-back orientation, if there was a reason, nor 
does it identify any problem that would be solved by using that method of 
insertion. Nor does Petitioner identify any other evidence of record 
suggesting that a particular problem would be solved or addressed or 
advantage gained by the method of insertion. At the oral hearing, 
Petitioner’s counsel indicated that the “known problem” solved by back-to-
back insertion was “simply inserting genes into a virus.” Tr. 11:3–6; see 
 
23 At his deposition, Dr. Bell was also asked during re-direct by Petitioner’s 
counsel about certain additional references that allegedly taught back-to-
back insertion. Ex. 2021, 57:20–58:1, 58:18–21. Petitioner’s counsel 
brought up this testimony and the new references during the oral hearing, but 
we decline to consider this evidence as it was not previously cited by 
Petitioner. We previously cautioned the parties that oral argument is not an 
opportunity to raise new arguments and evidence. Paper 30 (Oral Hearing 
Order), 3; see also CTPG, 85 (“[N]o new evidence may be presented at the 
oral argument.”); Dell Inc. v. Acceleron, LLC, 884 F.3d 1364, 1369 (Fed. 
Cir. 2018) (holding that the Board is obligated under its own regulations to 
dismiss untimely argument “raised for the first time during oral argument”); 
St. Jude Med., Cardiology Div., Inc. v. The Bd. of Regents of the Univ. of 
Mich., IPR2013-00041, Paper 65, 2–3 (PTAB Jan. 27, 2014) (explaining that 
“new” evidence includes evidence already of record but not previously 
discussed in any paper of record). 

--- Page 41 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
41 
also id. at 11:13–23 (characterizing the “problem” to be solved as “inserting 
two genes into the genome of a virus” and “how do you get two genes into 
the virus without disrupting its function”). But this was not a “problem” 
identified in any prior art reference or in Dr. Bell’s declaration. Petitioner’s 
counsel also acknowledged that “frankly, I think there’s very little challenge 
in inserting in two genes,” and “[y]ou can do it a number of ways, all were 
known techniques, all were suitable techniques and I think that is really what 
the Intel case is about.” Id. at 11:21–24. We are not persuaded that merely 
inserting two genes into a virus constitutes a problem that would have been 
particularly solved by back-to-back insertion. 
By contrast, in Intel and Qualcomm, the Federal Circuit noted that 
motivation derived from the fact that the prior art expressly addressed a 
known problem that was solved using the different known techniques. See 
Intel, 61 F.4th at 1380 (“That Kabemoto and Bauman address the same 
problem and that Bauman’s cache was a known way to address that problem 
is precisely the reason that there’s a motivation to combine under KSR and 
our precedent.”); id. at 1381 (“It’s enough for Intel to show that there was a 
known problem of cache coherency in the art, that Bauman’s secondary 
cache helped address that issue, and that combining the teachings of 
Kabemoto and Bauman wasn’t beyond the skill of an ordinary artisan.”); 
Qualcomm, 21 F.4th at 799 (noting motivation to use secondary reference’s 
“prior art switch to solve a known problem—the ‘feedthrough problem’—
that was an expected negative consequence of” modifying the primary 
reference).24 
 
24 In Qualcomm, the court recognized that certain “generic” reasons may 
suffice as a motivation for obviousness, but also reiterated that “[c]onclusory 
expert testimony does not qualify as substantial evidence” to support such a 

--- Page 42 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
42 
Accordingly, in the absence of any identification of a known problem 
to be solved, we are not persuaded that the mere fact that back-to-back 
insertion may have been known in the art (albeit evidenced by only a single 
reference) establishes a motivation to use that technique for the insertion of 
the GM-CSF and CTLA-4 inhibitor genes into the ICP34.5 locus. 
c) Reasonable Expectation of Success 
In addition to a lack of motivation, Patent Owner contends that 
Petitioner has not explained how a POSITA, in view of Silvestre, would 
have had a reasonable expectation of success in achieving the claimed 
invention. PO Resp. 23–27. We agree. 
Reasonable expectation of success is a separate legal requirement for 
obviousness. Intelligent Bio-Sys., Inc. v. Illumina Cambridge Ltd., 821 F.3d 
1359, 1367 (Fed. Cir. 2016). Petitioner’s entire reasonable expectation of 
success argument for claim 13 is that “[a] POSITA would have been 
motivated to use the gene insertion strategy of claim 13 and would have had 
a reasonable expectation of success in doing so, because insertion into the 
ICP34.5 locus had already been successfully demonstrated in the T-VEC 
oncolytic HSV1 virus.” Pet. 55. But as noted above, at least in the Petition, 
Petitioner did not identify any evidence indicating that two genes were 
successfully inserted into the ICP34.5 locus in a back-to-back orientation. 
We do not find that the single example of back-to-back insertion taught by 
Simpson establishes that a POSITA would have a reasonable expectation of 
success in using that technique for any other heterologous genes. 
 
motivation. 21 F.4th at 797 (citing TQ Delta, LLC v. Cisco Sys., Inc., 942 
F.3d 1352, 1358–59 (Fed. Cir. 2019)). This is entirely consistent with both 
the Director’s opinion in Xerox and our conclusion here. 

--- Page 43 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
43 
Moreover, even if a POSITA would have been able to insert the two 
genes in a back-to-back orientation without difficulty, we are not persuaded 
that a POSITA would have been able to successfully achieve the claimed 
oncolytic virus as a whole. In the course of arguing lack of enablement, 
Petitioner acknowledges that the claimed technology is difficult and there is 
a high level of unpredictability in the art. See Pet. 20 (“The Process of 
Creating A Virus, Especially An Oncolytic Virus, That Expresses 
Heterologous Genes is Difficult and Unpredictable”); id. at 22 (“Producing 
an oncolytic virus containing multiple heterologous genes is difficult, time 
consuming, and uncertain.”). This is supported by Dr. Bell’s uncontradicted 
testimony. See, e.g., Ex. 1007 ¶ 80 (“When expressed at too high a level, 
some heterologous proteins can be detrimental to replication of the oncolytic 
virus, even making the virus effectively replication incompetent.”); id. ¶ 94 
(discussing reasons why “producing an oncolytic virus containing multiple 
heterologous genes is a difficult, time consuming, and uncertain task with a 
path that includes many daunting tasks including . . . [determining] whether 
the location of the insertion will impact the timing of expression of the 
heterologous gene” and ensuring that the oncolytic virus “actually infects 
and replicates in tumor cells, such that the tumor cells are killed, and to 
ensure that it effectively expresses the heterologous genes in the target 
cancer cells”); id. ¶ 145 (stating that extensive experimentation would be 
required to determine “whether the heterologous genes that are expressed are 
providing the desired function within the tumor microenvironment,” and 
“whether the oncolytic virus is effective in treating any particular type of 
cancer”); id. ¶ 177 (“[A] POSITA at the relevant time would have known 
that creation of oncolytic viruses with heterologous GM-CSF and anti-
CTLA-4 encoding genes was a difficult task involving technologies that are 

--- Page 44 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
44 
still difficult and unpredictable.”).25 Dr. Chiocca agrees. Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 38–
39. As explained by Dr. Chiocca, this uncertainty establishes that there 
would not have been a reasonable expectation of success for claim 13. Id. 
Petitioner does not refute the foregoing testimony, but argues in its 
Reply that Patent Owner “conducted the wrong analysis by focusing not on 
whether a POSITA could make the virus of Claim 13 from Silvestre, but 
instead on how the created virus would function.” Reply 12–13. According 
to Petitioner, “[u]nclaimed features are irrelevant to the reasonable 
expectation of success analysis.” Id. at 13 (citing BTG Int’l Ltd. v. Amneal 
Pharms. LLC, 923 F.3d 1063, 1075–76 (Fed. Cir. 2019)). We are not 
persuaded by this argument. Claim 13, by incorporating all the features of 
claims 1 and 11, expressly requires an “oncolytic virus.” See 35 U.S.C. 
§ 112(d). Petitioner’s own construction for “oncolytic virus,” which we 
have adopted, requires “a virus that infects and replicates in tumor cells, 
such that the tumor cells are killed.” Pet. 6. This is distinguishable from the 
BTG case cited by Petitioner, where there was no need to demonstrate 
reasonable expectation of success related to “survival advantage” since it 
was not required by the claims. As such, the admitted difficulty in creating a 
functional oncolytic virus is certainly relevant to the reasonable expectation 
of success analysis for claim 13. 
Accordingly, we determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated that a 
POSITA would have a reasonable expectation of success in making the 
oncolytic virus of claim 13. 
 
25 In crediting this testimony, we take no position on whether claim 13 is 
enabled under § 112. 

--- Page 45 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
45 
d) Unexpected Results 
Although we have already identified deficiencies in Petitioner’s 
obviousness case for claim 13, for the sake of completeness we address the 
asserted objective indicia of non-obviousness. Patent Owner contends that 
objective indicia in the form of unexpected results further support a 
conclusion of non-obviousness. PO Resp. 41–47. In particular, Patent 
Owner relies upon the experiments described in Example 13 of the ’513 
patent as showing that “the claimed oncolytic virus demonstrates improved 
anti-tumor effects that are neither taught nor suggested by the prior art.” 
Id. at 41 (citing Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 56–64). Specifically, Example 13 compared the 
anti-tumor effects of an oncolytic HSV1 expressing an anti-CTLA-4 
antibody and GM-CSF (in a back-to-back orientation) as well as GALV 
(Virus 27) to those of an oncolytic HSV1 expressing GM-CSF and GALV 
only (Virus 16). Ex. 1001, 30:45–31:14. Mouse “A20” tumors were grown 
in both flanks of mice, but the oncolytic viruses were injected into only the 
right flank tumors. Id. The effects on tumor growth were observed for 30 
days. 
Reproduced below are portions of Figure 16 showing the tumor 
diameter of the non-injected (left flank) tumors over time following injection 
of Virus 16 and Virus 27: 

--- Page 46 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
46 
 
 
Ex. 1001, Fig. 16. The graph on the left side above shows the tumor 
diameter data for mice injected with Virus 16, while the graph on the right 
shows the data for mice injected with Virus 27 (each line of the graphs 
representing a different mouse). As explained by Dr. Chiocca, “while virus 
16 (HSV + GM-CSF + GALV) had anti-tumor effects in the non-injected 
tumor, virus 27 (HSV + GM-CSF + GALV + anti-CTLA-4 antibody) 
triggered a significantly better response than virus 16.” Ex. 2009 ¶ 58. 
Patent Owner also points to similar results from Thomas,26 which 
includes results from the same experiment disclosed in the ’513 patent, but 
further includes the data for the injected (right flank) tumors and additional 
data points up to study day 45. PO Resp. 43. An annotated portion of 
Figure 7(B) from Thomas is reproduced below: 
 
26 Thomas et al., Development of a new fusion-enhanced oncolytic 
immunotherapy platform based on herpes simplex virus type 1, 
J. FOR IMMUNOTHERAPY OF CANCER 7:214, 1–17 (2019) (Ex. 2013). 

--- Page 47 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
47 
 
Ex. 2013, 15 (Fig. 7(B)). The top-most graph above shows tumor growth on 
both left and right flanks for uninjected mice, the middle graph shows results 
for mice injected with Virus 16, and the bottom graph shows results for mice 
injected with Virus 27. These results are consistent with the data shown in 
the ’513 patent. 
Although there was one outlier mouse for which tumor growth went 
unabated, Dr. Chiocca explains that the data above shows a statistically 
significant improvement in the antitumor effects of Virus 27. Ex. 2009 
¶¶ 58–59. Specifically, Dr. Chiocca attests that “the expression of anti-
CTLA-4 antibody in addition to GM-CSF in Virus 27 significantly increased 
the antitumor effect, not only in injected tumors (p value of 0.0001 (****)), 
but also in un-injected tumors (p value of 0.01 (**)) as compared to Virus 

--- Page 48 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
48 
16, which showed an antitumor effect only in injected tumors (p value of 
0.001 (***)), but not in un-injected tumors,” where P values of less than 
0.05 were considered significant. Id. Dr. Chiocca further attests that these 
results would not have been predicted by a POSITA given the complex 
interplay of the anti-tumor and anti-viral immune responses induced by the 
oncolytic viruses. Id. ¶¶ 60–62. Dr. Chiocca also explained both in his 
declaration and during his deposition that these results showed that the 
claimed oncolytic virus exhibited “improved systemic anti-tumor effects,” 
i.e., an “abscopal” effect on the uninjected tumors. Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 57–58; 
Ex. 1106, 151:22–152:5 (“The unexpected results to me arises from 
expression of [anti-]CTLA-4 within the virus giving you a superior . . . 
abscopal anti-tumor effect -- abscopal means in the contralateral flank.”). 
Petitioner does not provide any expert declaration to rebut the 
foregoing evidence. Rather, Petitioner contends that Du previously taught a 
“synergistic effect” when oncolytic viruses expressing GM-CSF and anti-
CTLA-4 are co-administered, and this was the same “unexpected result” 
later shown in the ’513 patent. Reply 23 (citing Ex. 1003, 347). Petitioner 
further contends that, even if there was an unexpected result shown in the 
’513 patent, it only relates to the subject matter of claim 1, not claim 13, 
because the result arises from the administration of an oncolytic virus that 
expresses both GM-CSF and anti-CTLA-4 as compared to one that does not 
express anti-CTLA-4. Id. at 24. Petitioner cites to deposition testimony of 
Dr. Chiocca where he allegedly admitted these points. Id. at 24–25 (citing 
Ex. 1106, 151:19–153:9, 156:5–158:6, 158:21–159:13). 
We are not persuaded by Petitioner’s attorney arguments against 
Patent Owner’s unexpected results evidence. In particular, we do not agree 

--- Page 49 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
49 
that the unexpected results shown in the ’513 patent and Thomas merely 
reflect what was already shown in Du. Du states the following: 
We have examined the synergistic effects of GM-CSF-mediated 
antitumor activity following the oncolysis of an adenovirus and 
CTLA4 blockade following infection of SKL001 and SKL002, 
and resulted in significantly higher antitumor efficacy in the 
group treated with GM-CSF expressing oncolytic adenovirus 
(SKL001) and CTLA4 blockade-expressing adenovirus 
(SKL002) when compared with the group treated with either 
agent alone, suggesting synergistic antitumor activity of the 
combination. 
Ex. 1003, 347. 
While Dr. Chiocca responded “[c]orrect” when asked if Du taught the 
same “enhanced effect” that was shown in the ’513 patent (Ex. 1106, 159:1–
13), he also qualified that there were “some serious differences” between the 
two studies, including the fact that the results shown in Du were based on 
co-administering two different adenoviruses (as opposed to a single HSV 
expressing both genes), and that Du did not demonstrate any abscopal 
effects on uninjected tumors. See id. at 157:14–158:2 (answering “I’m 
trying to tell you that there’s some serious differences” when asked to 
compare the results of Du with the ’513 patent); id. at 159:17–160:9 
(acknowledging that Du utilized two adenoviruses, each separately 
expressing GM-CSF and anti-CTLA-4); id. at 178:3–10 (“Again, when you 
look at that experiment [in Du], it is -- pretty much what it shows is an 
injection into tumor of two adenoviruses . . . They’re not looking at 
[uninjected tumors],27 they’re not looking at any abscopal effects. So 
they’re just looking at the direct effect in the tumor.”). We credit this 
 
27 Dr. Chiocca issued an errata replacing “lymphatic cancer” in the original 
transcript with “uninjected tumors.” Ex. 1106, 235. 

--- Page 50 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
50 
undisputed testimony of Dr. Chiocca, and find that the results shown in the 
’513 patent would not have been expected based on Du’s teachings. 
We are also unpersuaded by Petitioner’s argument that the unexpected 
results do not have a nexus to claim 13 because they only relate to the 
recitations of claim 1. Reply 25–26. Patent Owner has not argued that 
nexus should be presumed in this case. But even without a presumption, the 
evidence of record supports a conclusion that the unexpected results are the 
“direct result of the unique characteristics of the claimed invention.” Fox 
Factory, 944 F.3d at 1373–74. It is undisputed that Virus 27, as taught in 
the ’513 patent, embodies the oncolytic virus of claim 13. See Ex. 1001, 
6:9–15, 7:9–17, Fig. 5B, Fig. 13 (depicting Virus 27 with GM-CSF and anti-
CTLA-4 genes inserted into the ICP34.5 locus of HSV1 in a back-to-back 
orientation). Although Virus 27 includes additional “unclaimed features,” 
such as the GALV gene, it may still be deemed “coextensive” with the 
claimed oncolytic virus where such unclaimed features are “insignificant” or 
otherwise not “critical” to the demonstrated anti-tumor effects. See Teva 
Pharms. Int'l GmbH v. Eli Lilly & Co., 8 F.4th 1349, 1361 (Fed. Cir. 2021) 
(explaining that “like the coextensiveness requirement itself, the concept of 
unclaimed features is best viewed as part of a spectrum”). The test for 
coextensiveness is not whether the unclaimed feature “materially affects” the 
functioning of the product. Id. Here, Dr. Chiocca has testified that 
“[a]lthough GALV is expressed by the viruses, its presence plays no role in 
the antitumor effects of the viruses as GALV causes cell to cell fusion in 
human cells but not in mouse cells.” Ex. 2009 ¶ 58 n.4 (citing Ex. 1001, 
30:15–16, Ex. 1054, 1052–53). Petitioner does not contest this assertion 
with any evidence. See WBIP, LLC v. Kohler Co., 829 F.3d 1317, 1329 

--- Page 51 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
51 
(Fed. Cir. 2016) (“[A] patent challenger cannot successfully rebut the 
presumption [of nexus] with argument alone—it must present evidence.”). 
Petitioner contends that the unexpected results evidence “must have a 
nexus to the claim limitations, which cannot be satisfied where the 
secondary consideration ‘actually results from something other than what is 
both claimed and novel in the claim.’” Reply 25 (citing Kennametal, 780 
F.3d at 1385 (internal quotations omitted)). In Kennametal, the patent 
owner attempted to rely upon unexpected results associated with a 
combination that was taught by the prior art. 780 F.3d at 1385. Unlike in 
Kennametal, however, we have not determined that claims 1 and 11 are 
anticipated, such that the requirement for both GM-CSF and anti-CTLA-4 
genes in a single HSV would not be considered “novel.” As such, there is 
no requirement to show that the unexpected results associated with Virus 27 
be attributable to the back-to-back feature in particular, as opposed to the 
oncolytic virus as a whole. See WBIP, 829 F.3d at 1331–32 (“Requiring 
patentees to prove that objective evidence is tied to a specific claim 
element—and only that claim element—runs counter to the statutory 
instruction that the obviousness analysis involves determining whether ‘the 
claimed invention as a whole would have been obvious.’”) (citation 
omitted). 
Accordingly, we determine that the unexpected results evidence 
presented by Patent Owner sufficiently relates to claim 13 and further 
supports a conclusion of non-obviousness. 
e) 
Conclusion: Obviousness Based on Silvestre 
For the reasons set forth above, we determine that Petitioner has not 
established that a POSITA would have been motivated, with a reasonable 
expectation of success, to insert the GM-CSF and anti-CTLA-4 encoding 

--- Page 52 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
52 
genes into the ICP34.5 locus of an HSV in a back-to-back orientation to 
arrive at the oncolytic virus of claim 13 based on Silvestre’s teachings. We 
further determine that Patent Owner has shown unexpected results 
attributable to the virus of claim 13 that supports the non-obviousness of the 
claims. Taking all this evidence into consideration, we conclude that 
Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claim 13 would have been obvious in view of Silvestre. 
F. 
Obviousness over Du, Choi, and Zitvogel 
In Ground 6 of its Petition, Petitioner asserts that claim 13 would have 
been obvious over the combination of Du, Choi, and Zitvogel. Pet. 74 
(Ground 6). Petitioner’s arguments also refer to its contentions for 
disclaimed claims 1 and 11 based on the same prior art combination. See id. 
at 64–68, 74. We therefore consider the parties’ arguments concerning the 
limitations of 1 and 11 before turning to the specific arguments for claim 13. 
Petitioner contends that the combination of Du, Choi, and Zitvogel 
teaches all of the features recited in claims 1 and 11, from which claim 13 
depends. Pet. 58–59, 64–66, 74. As to claim 1, Petitioner contends that Du 
discloses co-administering two oncolytic viruses: a first virus including a 
heterologous GM-CSF encoding gene and a second virus including a 
heterologous CTLA-4 inhibitor encoding gene. Pet. 58–59 (citing Ex. 1003, 
340). Petitioner argues that a POSITA would have been motivated to 
“modify Du’s teachings to create a single virus with both claimed 
heterologous genes” by Du alone, and in combination with Choi and 
Zitvogel. Id. at 66. 
First, Petitioner argues that “Du provides express motivation” to 
create a single virus by teaching that co-administering the two viruses 
provides a synergistic antitumor effect. Id. at 59–60 (citing Ex. 1006, 340, 

--- Page 53 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
53 
346; Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 247–250). Petitioner contends that a POSITA would have 
had a reasonable expectation of success in creating a single virus with both 
heterologous genes inserted, “because it was well known in the art that 
administering a single oncolytic virus with multiple inserted genes had been 
done, was preferred, and provided distinct advantages over administering 
multiple viruses each with different inserted genes, including improved ease 
of administration.” Id. at 61 (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 251–252). Dr. Bell declares 
that “administering a single virus containing the two heterologous genes 
would ensure that an infected host cell would receive copies of both 
heterologous genes and thus should be capable of expressing both proteins,” 
as opposed to two separate viruses infecting different host cells. Ex. 1007 
¶ 251. Further, Dr. Bell declares that “it was well known in the art that more 
than one heterologous gene can be inserted into the genome of certain 
oncolytic viruses (such as HSV1) based on the known genomic payload 
capacity of those viruses.” Id. ¶ 252. 
Second, Petitioner argues that a POSITA would have modified Du to 
create a single virus in view of Choi and Zitvogel. See Pet. 66–67. 
Specifically, Petitioner argues a POSITA would have been motivated by 
Choi’s teaching of inserting genes encoding GM-CSF and B7-1 into a single 
oncolytic adenovirus, and Zitvogel’s teaching of co-administering an 
oncolytic virus that possesses heterologous GM-CSF and an anti-CTLA-4 
antibody which can be delivered by viral vector. Id. (citing Ex. 1007 ¶ 279; 
Ex. 1005; Ex. 1004, 3:30–55; 16:11–12; 17:4–5; 18:12–13; 30:10–13; 
45:14–46:11). Petitioner further argues that Zitvogel teaches the HSV 
limitation of claim 11. See id. at 74 (citing Ex. 1004, 7:49–52). 
With regard to the additional requirements of claim 13, Petitioner 
argues that Zitvogel discloses the use of T-VEC as an HSV mutant with 

--- Page 54 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
54 
defects in the ICP34.5 gene. Id. at 74 (citing Ex. 1004, 8:27–34). As with 
the Silvestre-based obviousness ground, Petitioner also contends that T-VEC 
was a known oncolytic HSV with a heterologous GM-CSF gene inserted 
into the ICP34.5 encoding locus via a complete deletion. Id. (citing 
Ex. 1007 ¶ 319; Ex. 1078, 5763). Petitioner further contends (once again) 
that claim 13’s additional “back-to-back orientation” limitation would have 
been “[t]he simplest and most common way” of inserting the genes, and that 
a POSITA would be motivated with a reasonable expectation of success to 
implement that feature “because insertion . . . into the ICP34.5 locus had 
already been successfully demonstrated in the T-VEC oncolytic HSV1 
virus.” Id. (citing Ex. 1007 ¶¶ 319, 73–81, 87–88). 
For this obviousness ground, Patent Owner contends that Du teaches 
the co-administration of two oncolytic viruses (each separately expressing 
GM-CSF and anti-CTLA-4 antibody), and argues that neither Zitvogel nor 
Choi would have motivated a POSITA to modify Du’s teachings to arrive at 
the claimed oncolytic virus. PO Resp. 27–37. In particular, Patent Owner 
contends that Zitvogel teaches away from making an oncolytic virus 
encoding an anti-CTLA-4 antibody. Id. at 28–31. Patent Owner further 
contends that Zitvogel has no data on the co-administration of an anti-
CTLA-4 antibody and an oncolytic virus encoding GM-CSF, and that the 
viral-based expression vectors of Zitvogel are not oncolytic viruses. Id. at 
31–35. Patent Owner also contends that Choi would not have provided the 
requisite motivation because, although Choi was published over a decade 
prior to the filing date of the ’513 patent, no POSITA was motivated to make 
a single oncolytic virus comprising a GM-CSF-encoding gene and a CTLA-
4 inhibitor-encoding gene. Id. at 35–36. Patent Owner notes that Du chose 

--- Page 55 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
55 
to make two separate oncolytic adenoviruses despite being aware of both 
Choi’s work and T-VEC. Id. at 36–37. 
As to the specific recitations of claim 13, Patent Owner contends that 
Petitioner has not shown that the “back-to-back” insertion strategy was the 
“simplest” or “most common.” Id. at 37–38. Patent Owner also contends 
that a POSITA would not have a reasonable expectation of success to arrive 
at the oncolytic virus of claim 13 because: a) Zitvogel does not disclose any 
therapeutic results from the coadministration of anti-CTLA-4 antibody and 
an oncolytic virus that expresses GM-CSF (and instead teaches that 
sequential administration is superior), b) the results of Du would not have 
provided a POSITA with a reasonable expectation that administration of a 
single oncolytic virus, let alone an oncolytic HSV, would lead to the same 
result, and c) Choi’s oncolytic adenovirus contains the two genes inserted in 
the same orientation, and thus provided no guidance on how to make an 
oncolytic virus with two genes inserted in a back-to-back orientation. Id. at 
38–40. Patent Owner also relies upon the same unexpected results evidence 
discussed above for both sets of obviousness grounds. Id. at 41–48. 
Having considered all the evidence and arguments of record, we 
determine that Petitioner has not demonstrated a sufficient motivation, with 
a reasonable expectation of success, to arrive at the oncolytic virus of claim 
13 based on the combination of Du, Choi, and Zitvogel. 
The parties’ arguments concerning the “back-to-back” limitation of 
claim 13 based on this combination are similar to what we have already 
considered above with regard to the Silvestre-based obviousness ground. 
Petitioner does not identify any additional teachings in Du, Choi, or Zitvogel 
concerning this limitation, but rather once again asserts that the technique 
would have been obvious based on it being the “simplest and most common” 

--- Page 56 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
56 
way of inserting multiple genes and that the ICP34.5 locus was a known 
locus for insertion. Pet. 74. Accordingly, we find that Petitioner has not 
demonstrated that a POSITA would have been motivated to utilize the back-
to-back insertion strategy based on either the “simple” and “common” 
rationale or the “known technique” rationale discussed above. Additionally, 
for the reasons explained above, we determine that Petitioner has not 
demonstrated a reasonable expectation of success in view of the admitted 
difficulty in creating the functional oncolytic virus required by claim 13. 
We further determine that the unexpected results that we have considered 
above also support a conclusion of non-obviousness for this ground. We do 
not repeat those findings and conclusions here. We address, however, 
certain additional issues specific to the references relied upon for this 
combination. 
Petitioner recognizes that Du teaches synergistic effects only based on 
the administration of two separate adenoviruses each separately expressing 
the GM-CSF and anti-CTLA-4 genes. Pet. 60–61; Ex. 1003, 346–47. We 
are not persuaded that a POSITA would have been motivated to modify 
Du’s teachings to create a single virus with both claimed heterologous 
genes. Contrary to Petitioner’s argument, we find nothing in the cited 
references that would suggest the same synergistic effect could be achieved 
with a single virus, let alone specifically a single HSV with both genes 
inserted in a back-to-back orientation in the ICP34.5 locus. Dr. Bell does 
not cite any evidence to support his assertion that “[a] POSITA would have 
further been motivated to express both genes in a single virus because it was 
well known that administration of a single virus is easier than co-
administering two separate viruses.” Ex. 1007 ¶ 251. Accordingly, we find 

--- Page 57 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
57 
his testimony conclusory and give it little weight. See Xerox, Paper 12 at 4–
5. 
Petitioner relies upon Choi for its teaching of a single oncolytic virus 
that expresses two heterologous genes. But Choi only discusses the benefits 
of using an oncolytic adenovirus expressing both GM-CSF and B7-1, which 
are both proteins exhibiting antitumor effects. Ex. 1005, 1010 (explaining 
that GM-CSF “is one of the most potent stimulators of a specific and long-
lasting antitumor immunity” and “the B7 family has also been shown to play 
an integral role in mediating an antitumor response”). Choi does not suggest 
that the same (or improved) antitumor effects could be obtained by replacing 
the B7-1 gene with a different gene encoding an immune checkpoint 
modulator such as an anti-CTLA-4 antibody. While Dr. Bell points out that 
it was well-known in the art that B7-1 also binds to CTLA-4, and thus its 
gene is a “possible inhibitor-encoding gene” (Ex. 1007 ¶ 272; Ex. 1085, 
401), Petitioner has not asserted—and the evidence of record does not 
otherwise suggest—that Choi’s B7-1 gene would satisfy the claimed CTLA-
4 inhibitor gene. Indeed, B7-1 is not described as an immune checkpoint 
modulator, or as otherwise equivalent to an anti-CTLA-4 antibody, in any of 
the other references we have considered. Furthermore, Choi’s oncolytic 
virus contains the two genes inserted in the same orientation, not in a back-
to-back orientation. Ex. 1005, Fig. 1; Ex. 2009 ¶ 53. We are persuaded by 
Patent Owner’s contention that lack of motivation is also evidenced by the 
fact that Du was clearly aware of Choi’s work. See Ex. 2009 ¶ 49; Ex. 1002, 
References 15 and 16. Although Choi predated Du by about eight years, Du 
nonetheless chose to use two separate oncolytic viruses rather than a single 
virus expressing both genes. 

--- Page 58 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
58 
Zitvogel teaches a combination therapy based on administering (i) an 
immune checkpoint modulator, such as an anti-CTLA-4 antibody, which can 
be delivered via insertion into a viral vector, and (ii) an oncolytic virus that 
possesses a therapeutic gene, such heterologous GM-CSF. Ex. 1004, 12:9–
22:43. Although Zitovgel indicates that sequential administration is 
preferred (id. at 26:51–56), it also teaches that “[t]he oncolytic virus and the 
one or more immune checkpoint modulator(s) may be administered together 
in a single composition or concurrently in separate compositions.” Id. at 
22:44–47. As such, we are not necessarily persuaded by Patent Owner’s 
contention that Zitvogel teaches away from a single oncolytic virus that 
encodes both GM-CSF and an anti-CTLA-4 antibody. See Syntex (U.S.A.) 
LLC v. Apotex, Inc., 407 F.3d 1371, 1380 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (“A statement that 
a particular combination is not a preferred embodiment does not teach away 
absent clear discouragement of that combination.”); In re Fulton, 391 F.3d 
1195, 1201 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (“[P]rior art’s mere disclosure of more than one 
alternative does not constitute a teaching away from any of these alternatives 
because such disclosure does not criticize, discredit, or otherwise discourage 
the solution claimed.”). 
Nonetheless, we take into consideration that Zitvogel’s data did not in 
fact show a synergistic effect or therapeutic benefit from the combination of 
an anti-CTLA-4 antibody and an oncolytic virus that encodes GM-CSF, as 
acknowledged by Dr. Bell. Ex. 2021, at 23:12-17 (responding “[t]he figures 
as presented in Zitvogel do not have that scenario” when asked if the 
examples in Zitvogel show synergy between anti-CTLA-4 antibody and an 
oncolytic virus that encodes GM-CSF). Dr. Chiocca attests without dispute 
that this data only relates to “WRTG17137,” which is an oncolytic vaccinia 
virus that encodes FCU-1, not an HSV that encodes GM-CSF. Ex. 2009 

--- Page 59 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
59 
¶ 45; Ex. 1004, 30:31–41. As further explained by Dr. Chiocca, the viral 
vectors taught by Zitvogel for expression of the anti-CTLA-4 antibody are 
not oncolytic viruses because they are replication deficient and do not kill 
the cells. Ex. 2009 ¶¶ 46–48. Again, this testimony has not been rebutted 
by Petitioner’s expert. We therefore find that Zitvogel would not have 
motivated a POSITA to modify Du to include both genes in a single 
oncolytic HSV. 
Taking all this evidence into consideration, we conclude that 
Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claim 13 would have been obvious in view of Du, Choi, and Zitvogel. 
 
III. 
CONCLUSION 
After reviewing the arguments and evidence of record, we determine 
that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance of the evidence that 
claim 13 is rendered obvious based on Silvestre, or based on the 
combination of Du, Choi, and Zitvogel. 
 
In summary: 
 
Claims 
35 
U.S.C. 
§ 
Reference(s)/Basis 
Claims 
Shown 
Unpatentable 
Claims 
Not Shown 
Unpatentable 
13 
103 
Silvestre 
 
13 
13 
103 
Du, Choi, Zitvogel 
 
13 
Overall 
Outcome 
 
 
 
13 

--- Page 60 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
60 
IV. 
ORDER 
In consideration of the foregoing, it is hereby: 
ORDERED that Petitioner has not demonstrated by a preponderance 
of the evidence that claim 13 of the ’513 patent is unpatentable; and 
FURTHER ORDERED that, because this is a Final Written Decision, 
any party to the proceeding seeking judicial review of the decision must 
comply with the notice and service requirements of 37 C.F.R. § 90.2. 

--- Page 61 ---
PGR2022-00014 
Patent 10,947,513 B2 
61 
FOR PETITIONER: 
 
Erin Dunston 
Travis Bliss 
Aaron Pereira 
Stephany Small 
PANITCH SCWARZE BELISARIO & NADEL LLP 
edunston@panitchlaw.com 
tbliss@panitchlaw.com 
ssmall@panitchlaw.com 
apereira@panitchlaw.com 
 
 
FOR PATENT OWNER: 
 
Dion Bregman 
Alexander Stein 
Christopher Betti 
Kelly Plummer 
Maria Doukas 
Guylaine Hache 
MORGAN, LEWIS & BOCKIUS LLP 
dion.bregman@morganlewis.com 
alexander.stein@morganlewis.com 
christopher.betti@morganlewis.com 
kelly.plummer@morganlewis.com 
maria.doukas@morganlewis.com 
guylaine.hache@morganlewis.com